Oh, then I guess we won't try to go around it. Tom, take us in at one half impulse. Harry? Tom, turn us around. Get us out of here. (But Paris collapses before he can touch the helm.) JANEWAY: Janeway to Sickbay. We need help. Hurry. All stop. (Seven enters, and turns over a crewman lying by the turbolift door. His face is badly burnt.) At the least, it would take us well over a month to get through it, and more than a year to get around it. We've come fifteen thousand light years. We haven't been stopped by temporal anomalies, warp core breaches, or hostile aliens. And I am damned if I'm going to be stopped by a nebula. I'll be in Sickbay. [Sickbay] Can you give us any protection against the effects? Are you suggesting that the entire crew be put in suspended animation? This is a drastic step, Doctor. Are there any other options? Adjusting the shields? Inoculations? There's more to getting through the nebula than monitoring the crew. Who would regulate ship's systems? Make course adjustments? Of course you have, and I know you could do it. But you'll need back-up. We have no idea what effect the nebular radiation might have on your holomatrix. What if you went offline? I want you to understand the seriousness of this responsibility. The lives of the entire crew will be on your shoulders. Ordinarily not at all, but this is an unusual situation. After being in the Collective, it wasn't easy for you to adjust to a ship with only a hundred and fifty people on it, was it, Seven? How would you feel with only the Doctor for company? Most humans don't react particularly well to long periods of isolation. Borg Drones have even more difficulty. All right. I'll work with the senior staff to draw up a list of duties. But let me make it clear. The Doctor will be in command. You will follow his instructions just as you would follow mine. He's our Chief Medical Officer, and he is thoroughly grounded in Starfleet protocols. You will report to him. We don't know for certain. At least a month. Maybe longer, if the nebula is larger than we estimate. The Doctor assures me it'll be just like taking a nap. We'll go into the units, our cardiopulmonary systems will be slowed, neural activity suspended, and we'll wake up feeling as though we'd had a good night's sleep. We will be carefully monitored by Seven and the Doctor, who will check our vital signs four times a day, and take care of any other problems. I think we're all feeling uneasy about this, and I'd be lying if I said I don't have concerns myself. And I think it's about loss of control. We always feel better if we think we're in charge of our own circumstances. In stasis, we're giving up that control, and no Starfleet officer likes to do that. But crews have been in stasis much longer than a month. I think we can handle this. All right. You're free until seventeen hundred hours. I'll make a ship-wide announcement when Your turn to get reassurance? You're worried about Seven. And this is the person I'm giving responsibility for the lives of this entire crew. I suppose you want me to tell you I'm not crazy? I don't know if I can. It's just instinct. There's something inside me that says she can be redeemed. In spite of her insolent attitude, I honestly believe she wants to do well by us. See you at seventeen hundred hours. [Deck fourteen] You can unlock the unit from inside, Tom. I'm leaving the ship in good hands. I have every confidence in both of you. See you in a month. (Janeway gets into her stasis chamber.) Ooo, what have we here? Delicious! How interesting. Maybe if we vary the EM stress parameters, the warp field dynamic would increase. The lives of the crew are on your shoulders. Well, blame me. I put my trust in her. I should have known better. Too long. She won't make it. I know what she's thinking. She's thinking if she could take power from the stasis units on deck fourteen, she might be able to get those engines back online. She's already killed millions. Would a few more matter? But those people she disconnected are going to die. Come to watch them die? [Deck Fourteen] They won't last that long. What do you do now, Seven? It's all up to you. That will keep them alive, but what about you? No oxygen, no heat. Goodbye, Seven. We came through the nebula in fine shape, thanks to you. He tells us you've had quite an adventure. Well, when you're rested, I'd like to hear about it. (Janeway and Chakotay leave.)
Computer, lights on. (Nothing happens.)JANEWAY: Neelix? Is anybody here? [Shuttlecraft] Neelix? (Neelix comes out of the galley.) Where is everybody? No. What happened to them? Why? We seem to be a little short-handed today. That's all right. I'm a little late myself, aren't I. Actually, I went to bed early for a change, but I had a nightmare and I could not get back to sleep. You tell me yours and I'll tell you mine. Well? There was an alien in my dream, too. And it wasn't from any race I've seen before. He had sharp ridges on his forehead and on the front of his neck. Tuvok, by any chance did you have a bad dream last night? I'd say this sounds like more than a coincidence. Let's get the rest of the senior staff together and come up with some answers. Which reminds me, where's Harry? Computer, locate Ensign Kim. Tuvok. [Turbolift] Deck six. I've got a hunch Harry's dreaming about our new alien friend. Tell me more about your dream. Where exactly did you see the alien? What happened? That's what happened in my dream. What did you do? Did the alien follow you? And then? Doing what? Getting dressed? I don't suppose I should ask why you were undressed. Harry? Harry! Do you have any idea what's causing this? I'd say it's a pretty good bet that this is somehow related to the alien from our dreams. Not yet, but I've got everyone working on it. In the meantime, what's your recommendation?. I thought you said drugs weren't working. That's him. He's doing more than making contact. We've got six crewmembers who can't wake up. For all we know it's some sort of attack. Maybe so, but how do we know you'd be able to wake up again? You'll do this in Sickbay, under the Doctor's supervision. The rest of you keep scanning the region. Analyse this ship from stem to stern. Wherever he is, find him. [Sickbay] Ready? Pleasant dreams. (Chakotay activates his akoonah.) Chakotay? The alien, did you see him? And? Tuvok, scan for a six planet system. It should be less than a parsec from here. Tom, lay in a course. One step at a time, Tom. Extraordinary. That's mythology. This seems to be fact. We may never know. Sometimes first contact is last contact. (Later -)PARIS: We're approaching the border of the alien's space. Commander Tuvok, inform the Doctor. Red alert. All hands to battle stations. [Bridge] Auxiliary power to the shields. Return fire. Arm photon torpedoes. We seem to have a knack for provoking strangers these days. Fire. (The power goes down.) What's happening? On screen. Janeway to Engineering. We need auxiliary power to the engines now. B'Elanna? Report. You've gone to so much trouble to commandeer this ship, I don't think you're going to destroy it. Janeway to the crew. We're under attack. Implement defence procedure omega. You couldn't have known it was a trick. That means getting out of this cargo bay. Maybe we can open them manually. Any ideas? Tom, try to get into a Jefferies tube. You two work on the power grid. I'll deal with this. What's going on here? These are my people, I'll handle them. Ensign, that's enough. Move. (Chakotay and Torres open a panel and start work. Then Chakotay sees the Moon in the screen.) That doesn't make any sense. He was wide awake, right here with us. Wait a minute. If Chakotay was dreaming and he woke up, what are we doing here? I can understand how we can mistake dreaming for reality, but that doesn't explain how we're all interacting with one another. Seven, come here. This is all fascinating speculation, but unless we have proof to the contrary we have to treat this like an invasion. Good work. Neelix, Seven, Kim, do what you can to distract the guards. We're going to find a way to retake the ship. [Engineering] Looks like a complete power drain. Tuvok, grab some phaser rifles from the weapons locker. Something tells me that when we try to disable the dampening field, we're going to get the aliens attention. Maybe a little too easy. Can you eject the core? I don't understand why you couldn't eject the core. Something's not right. I'm going back in there. I think I'm on to something. You two go! That's an order! Either I've become impervious to antimatter explosions, or we're still dreaming. If I were awake, or if any of this were real, which it obviously isn't. Things just weren't adding up. Chakotay's disappearance. The warp core failing to eject. And as Chakotay said, lucid dreaming is about taking control, so I took a chance. I'm touched by your concern, Tuvok. The same way you did. They should all be starting to wake up. Agreed. What is it? (The Moon is big on the viewscreen.) Of course it is. (Chakotay taps the back of his hand.)JANEWAY: See? Doctor? We have to let the rest of the crew know what's happening. That as long as they know they're in a dream, they can't be harmed. Then we turn this dream world of theirs into a nightmare.(Janeway takes Tuvok's phaser rifle.) [Cavern] You're not fooling anyone. We know this is a dream. Actually, I'm finally seeing things clearly. Now, stand aside. [Cargo Bay two] All of you, listen closely. What we have to do is stay in control of the dream. If we can do that, the aliens shouldn't be able to hurt us. Why shouldn't I be? Don't be so sure. [Cavern] Looks like he woke up. [Cavern]
Report. On screen. Let's see what they want.  This isn't the first time you and Tom have had an argument about how he spends his free time. Well, that doesn't sound like Tom. Now you've lost me. This new ship. It has some kind of neurogenic interface. All right, I'll have the Doctor take a look at him. But in the meantime, I want you Tractor beam. [Alice] Increase power to the emitters. We'll drag him in by his heels if we have to.  You know I can't do that, Tom. [Alice] Return fire. Track him. We're not looking for a refund, just some information. Not until we get some answers. Before we take actions we both might regret, Mister Neelix has something to show you. What is it? What are you seeing? Janeway to Sickbay. Medical emergency. [Sickbay] What caused it? Looks like Alice got to him, too. Wake him. Tell me. What does this ship want with our crewman? Well, if all she needed was a pilot, why didn't she just recruit you? Let's see it. Looks uninhabited. A particle fountain. The Federation lost more than a dozen ships examining a similar phenomenon in the Alpha Quadrant. Relay the coordinates to the bridge. [Alice] Decrease speed to one quarter impulse. Full power to shields. Can you get a transporter lock? Are we in hailing range? Tom, listen to me. The neurogenic interface is affecting your judgment. Drop your shields [Alice] JANEWAY Target his propulsion systems and fire. (Tom feels the weapons hit personally.) Acknowledged. [Bridge]  Tuvok, stand down. Unless we find a way to distract them. Bridge to the Doctor. Any progress on your analysis of the neurogenic interface? Would it be possible to tap into the interface using a comm. signal? [Sickbay]  You've got five minutes. Do it. [Sickbay] JANEWAY Bridge to Sickbay. [Sickbay] (Torres has a blinkie on her temple.)JANEWAY  Now. Beam him to Sickbay. Resume course to the Alpha Quadrant. [Sickbay]
We're working on that. We aren't allowed near the area where the accident occurred, but Kim and Torres are scanning the sanctuary from Voyager. They'll report their findings to you. And I have an appointment to talk to the magistrate. I'm hoping he'll be able to cut through some of the restrictions the monks have set up. The Nechani must have records, some kind of scientific data on this energy field. Go down to the planet and see what you can find. Then perhaps I could talk with the brothers. There is no loss at this point. Kes is still alive. Surely there's some way to treat her? Can't you insist that the monks meet with me? Then can you tell me what you do know about the sanctuary and what happens there? You mean the monks can enter it without being harmed. What happens in that ritual? How does it offer protection against the energy field? The energy field that Kes encountered, is there anyone who could give me scientific information that would help us analyse it. If you're telling me that there's nothing you can do to help Kes, I simply won't accept that. Have Kim and Torres given you a report? As I understand it, the Nechani monks are able to enter the field without being harmed at all. No, they wouldn't. (Neelix enters Sickbay and goes to Kes' bedside.) Maybe it's enough. [Bridge] It suggests that there's still a chance for Kes. The Captain of a starship is fully responsible for every member of her crew. And on that basis, I'd like to go through the ritual myself. [Chakotay's office] I haven't heard from the Magistrate yet, but he seemed to think there was a strong possibility the monks would let me go through the ritual. If you're asking if I expect to speak to the Ancestral Spirits, no, of course not. But something happens to the monks when they go through the ritual. Something that allows them to withstand the effects of the biogenic field. I want to find out what that is. It might provide clues to a treatment. That's what I'm guessing. The shamans of the Karis tribe on Delios Seven practice a ritual that increases the electrical resistance of their skin. It protects them from plasma discharges in their sacred caves. Something similar must happen during this ritual. I've been reviewing the Federation's cultural database. Most traditional spirit quest ceremonies involve some kind of physical challenge or test of endurance to prove the mastery of spirit over body. My instinct tells me this one will be similar. A series of ordeals that will result in biochemical changes. To each his own, Commander, but I imagine if we scratch deep enough we'd find a scientific basis for most religious doctrines. Under other circumstances I'd be more than happy to go along with their choice. Right now, it's killing one of my crew. Janeway here. Put it through to Chakotay's office. Then they've approved my request. Thank you. I appreciate your efforts. Thank you both. (She goes to the platform. Tuvok offers her a phaser.) I don't think that will be necessary. This is strictly an information gathering mission. I don't want to appear hostile. Energise. [Sanctuary] (Monks walk past, ignoring Janeway. Nearby, a woman is working on a blinking light in an alcove. Janeway takes out her tricorder and starts scanning.) No, not really. I suppose I could look at it. It's called a tricorder. It's a scanning device. Oh, I'd didn't mean for you to keep it. I'll need that back. You're my guide. Why didn't you say something earlier? Would it be breaking any vows of secrecy now to tell me what this ritual will involve? Haven't you been through this before? Yes. Yes. I hope that won't be a problem. They've always served me well. I'm Kathryn Janeway. Is this where the ritual begins? What exactly are you waiting for? How long have you been sitting here? Are you telling me I have to wait a lifetime before I can go through the ritual? I'm just trying to understand how this works. The monks I saw in the sanctuary were young. They couldn't have waited such a long time to go through their rituals. This is a test of some kind, isn't it. To prove my determination. Has anyone ever tried to open this door? I don't want to wait. I have a friend who's depending on me. I have to go through the ritual. I mean no disrespect, but unless there's something I'm supposed to accomplish here, I'd like to continue with the ritual. I'm not sure how to begin. I'll do whatever you ask of me. No. I'm sure there's spiritual significance behind the challenges involved. I don't have any idea what to expect. I've studied a number of ritualistic societies and many of the rites have commonalities. This one may be completely different. I'm willing to do whatever is necessary. I'm going to make every effort to do that. But I didn't come here for personal enlightenment. I'm trying to save a member of my crew. I see a stone. I still see a stone. (Later, it is finger-painting.) I guess you're not going to tell me what I'm supposed to draw. I've never been able to draw. My sister was the artist in the family. It's true. When other children were outside playing games I was doing mathematics problems. I've always found that satisfying. I'm not sure. I'm exhausted. Oh, thank you. (The guide gives her a cup of water.) What is that? (Something hisses in a basket.) Gatekeepers? Then I'm ready to enter the spirit realm? Yes, I do. No, I'm not quitting. (Janeway puts her hand through the slit in the top of the basket, and gets bitten. She pulls her hand out with a cry. There are three large puncture wounds on the inside of her elbow.) Oh, it's burning. Oh, my chest, very tight. (Janeway faints, and remembers what she has been through so far.) I'm dying. What is this? An hallucination? I see. If there are other beings here, could I see them myself? That would be helpful. I don't want to be disrespectful. I've gone through every part of the ritual that I've been asked to. I know. I just want to bring this to completion, to make my request. I cite the story of King Nevad as precedent. In the same way he pleaded for his son, I ask that Kes be restored to health. How long? I'd like to know. I guess the physical conditioning programmes on the holodeck didn't quite prepare me for this. I think so. I was told that I had what I needed to save Kes. Thank you. [Sickbay] When can you begin treating Kes? Then let's get started. What is it, Doctor? Do you have any other options? You meant what you said, didn't you? Everything I went through was meaningless. I did everything you asked of me. You led me to believe that would allow me to help Kes. It's true that I came here with certain expectations. Are you saying that you simply fulfilled my expectations? I'm not ready to give up. If there's still a way to save Kes I want to try. I don't know what I'm seeking. There is no real ritual after all. I've always been driven to succeed. Well, I'm here now and I'm asking for your help. I want to understand the purpose of waiting in this room. That's what I'm supposed to do. Talk to the Ancestral Spirits. Are you? I know it's an important part of your religion to trust the spirits without question, but I wasn't brought up that way. It's hard for me to accept. There's a difference between respecting the spiritual beliefs of other cultures and embracing them myself. No, she didn't. The Doctor couldn't explain it. We haven't found the reason yet. Yes, that's what I've always believed. All right. If you're saying that science won't help Kes, what will? I'm willing to do whatever's necessary. It would do what, exactly. The ritual I went through is meaningless, and Kes has done nothing to prepare herself. How could either of us be ready to go through the field? You know I won't stand by and watch Kes die if there's anything I can do to save her. I want to believe it's possible. I'm going to try. [Corridor] JANEWAY I'm all right. I want you to beam Kes down here to the sanctuary. Yes, I have. I'm taking her back into the biogenic field. I believe it will save her life. I can't explain it to you. I know what I'm doing. No. Yes, he can. Neither do I. That's the challenge. (Janeway takes Kes in her arms and walks up the steps. She pauses at the top then steps forward into the energy field. It flares around them then vanishes, and Kes wakes.) Kes. [Doctor's office] (Janeway sits and listens to the EMH's technobabble explanation.) It's a perfectly sound explanation, Doctor. Very scientific. (Janeway leaves Sickbay.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Report. Cause? Scan for vessels, tractor beams, anything that might explain what's holding us here. [Holodeck - Planet X] Do we have impulse? Engage at full. Route all available power to the engines. Give it all she's got. Full thrusters. Abort. Increase power to the structural integrity field. We may be here awhile. [Holodeck - Proton's ship] What about those distortions on the holodeck? What's the connection? Let's keep an eye on them anyway, and evacuate that deck just to be safe. A few years back, when I was a science officer on the Al-Batani, we tried to navigate a dense protonebula. It stopped us dead in our tracks. For three days we attempted to force our way out, until we realised we were trying too hard. Every time we engaged the engines, we were increasing the resistance of the nebula's particle field. We may be facing a similar situation. You took the words right out of my mouth. Let's give it a try. [Holodeck - Planet X] Coffee, black. Listen to me very carefully because I'm only going to say this once. Coffee, black. Coffee first. Now, what's the problem? I don't have time to play twenty questions, Neelix. I see. I get the idea. On my way. I'm going to leave these problems in your capable hands. Whatever it takes. [Bridge]  Status. Okay. Let's give it a try. Take us out, Tom. Nice and slow. Steady. Increase power to the thrusters by fifty percent. Source? Who's still on that deck? Tuvok, get down there and find out what's happening. Well, join him.  Let me get this straight. Transdimensional aliens have mistaken your Captain Proton simulation for reality. And now an armed conflict has broken out between these aliens and Chaotica's holographic army. And will someone please explain why we haven't simply shut down the holodeck? We're going to have to get through to these aliens somehow and explain that they're fighting shadows. It's worth a try. Brief him. You're not suggesting we wait until this Chaotica defeats the aliens? And you think that Proton, namely you of course, could still do that? Charming. Who'd you have in mind? Oh, no! Thanks. All right, all right. I'm a size four. [Doctor's office]  So all I have to do is find the controls of this Death Ray and deactivate it. I'm listening. Right.  Deck four. Got it. It's the holodeck. I can't be hurt by weapons. Noted. This is how you've been spending your free time? And? I beg your pardon. I get the picture. I'll keep an eye out. Thanks for the briefing. It's an honour to be in your presence, Majesty. I've always admired your clever fiendishness. This must be your Death Ray. Impressive. It's good you have the Lightning Shield to protect your equipment. Oh, it looks like a formidable weapon. Ah. I see you've kept my pheromones. I didn't realise you were the sentimental type. Would you mind? Somehow I feel comfortable here. Your Majesty seems overly concerned with romantic matters when there's a battle to be won. That is why you asked me here. We can't be slaves to our passion. Not when your Empire is threatened. I have assembled my fleet of Spider ships. However, the Lightning Shield prevents them from approaching your fortress. My soldiers wish to pay homage to you. You don't trust me. Oh? And don't forget to deactivate the Lightning Shield, so my subjects may witness the blessed event. Don't tell me. My wedding ring. Your Majesty, perhaps we should lower the Lightning Shield in anticipation of my guests. Oh, forgive me. It's just that, as a fellow ruler of the cosmos I often have to do things myself. Something like that. We have a saying on Arachnia. It's lonely at the top. Tell me how to deactivate the Lightning Shield, or I'll show you just how impetuous I can be. Ha! You're no match for Arachnia. Now, tell me how to shut down the Shield. Let me out of here and I'll do all that, and more. Deactivate the shield. Now. The shield. (Chaotica obeys.)JANEWAY: I don't know how to tell you this (she shoots him) but the wedding's off. Arachnia to Proton. Arachnia to Proton. Do you read me? [Holodeck - Proton's ship] JANEWAY The Lightning Shield is down. Go ahead. CHAKOTAY [OC] The aliens have retreated [Bridge]  Secure all systems, and organise damage repair teams. Chakotay, give me a minute. (The Robot enters, followed by Paris, Kim, and the EMH.) I'm the Queen, remember? He doesn't give up, does he? And you're going to miss him.
Shall we take a closer look? Tom, put us in a high orbit. Back us off. The use the auxiliary thrusters.  Report. Explain. Go ahead, Seven. On my way. Chakotay. [Astrometrics lab] It's worse than that. Voyager seems to have become the planet's third pole. Does anybody live down there? The tachyon core has created a space-time differential between the planet and the surrounding space. We're watching the seasons change in a matter of seconds. Scan for inhabitants. Unless we want to live our lives in the blink of an eye, I suggest we find a way out of here. [Engineering] First contact with a pre-warp society. They've known for hundreds of years, which means our presence has been tempered by time. We've gradually become part of their mythos. Meeting us could throw that belief system into chaos. We don't even know if an away team could survive the transition to their time frame. Doctor, correct me if I'm wrong, but the physiological stress could be fatal. You'd be going only as an observer. You're not to make contact. [Bridge] Then you'll be the best looking blob on the planet. I'm keeping you down there for three seconds, Doctor. That will be almost two days in their time frame. Gather whatever data you can. Seismic charts, meteorological records, anything that might give us a clue about how to break orbit. Energising. The confinement beam is destabilising. Every second he's down there he's in danger of being discovered. We've lost him. [Bridge] Locking on. (The EMH is beamed back in local clothes and with his face altered to include the obligatory bridge of the nose item.) Are you all right? Well, what do they know about us? There was a war? Oh, so they have aviation technology? Mareeza? You'll get no argument from me. But did you learn anything that might help us break orbit? Get that information to Astrometrics. See if you can find any pattern to the quakes. Might help us figure a way out of here. I guess I can't blame them. Are we talking about a capsule with an astronaut or a missile with a warhead? Acknowledged. All hands, this is the Captain. Secure your stations and prepare to break orbit. Agreed. Bridge to Sickbay. Medical emergency. [Sickbay]  What can you tell me. How is he? She didn't survive the transition. I'm very sorry. You understand what's happened to you? Voyager exists in the same space-time as the rest of the galaxy. Your planet is different. Actually, we just got here, And we're hoping you can help us find a way to leave. [Ready room] That's correct. I have to disagree. For someone whose life has just been turned upside down, I think you're doing fine. that's up to you. I have no intention of keeping you here against your will. The Doctor spent some time on your planet collecting data that we hoped would help us find a way to leave orbit. We need you to assist us in interpreting that information. However, the longer you stay on board, the more difficult it will be for you to go home. Your culture is changing every second you're here. By the time you go back, you might find it more alien than ours. To Voyager? I hope you're not disappointed. Janeway to Seven of Nine. Are you picking up [Astrometrics lab] JANEWAY Unfortunately, they've got every right. You've got to go back. It's the only way. Make them understand who we are. You have the specifications of this ship. Your scientists might be able to use them to help free us. At the very least, get them to hold their fire. Is his vessel still intact? Good luck. [Corridor] Our astronaut should have made it by now. Then he must have failed. Brace yourselves. (The two devices are each as long as Voyager.) No. Let's give our friends the benefit of the doubt. Try hailing them. (A figure solidifies.) Now we can make first contact the proper way. Very good. Thank you.
Right in the middle of the war zone. Can we get a lock on him? Why don't we assume he still is? It's not your fault, Tom. We couldn't have anticipated this. What we've got to do now is figure out how to deal with it. B'Elanna, try to modify the scanners. Cut through the interference. Neelix, what do you know about this war? Is the Ambassador willing to help us find Chakotay? I understand how you feel, Tom, but let's take it one step at a time. Tuvok, recontact Ambassador Treen. Ask for any tactical support he's willing to provide. Maps, weapons analyses, intelligence reports. Before I risk anyone else's life I want to know exactly what we're getting ourselves into. [Larhana settlement - night] No evidence of cellular residue on the shuttle wreckage, so there's a chance Chakotay survived the crash. What's this nemesis? I want a team on the surface as soon as possible. I suppose you've come up with an alternative plan? Something tells me that's not what Tuvok has in mind. Are Ambassador Treen and his soldiers ready to beam aboard? Energise. (Three Kradin materialise.)JANEWAY: Welcome aboard, Ambassador. Thank you for agreeing to help us find our crewman. Except for the battle you were fighting when Tuvok found you. Apparently, attacking the simulated Commandant marked your graduation from basic training. As far as we can tell, they were part of the simulation. The idea was to make you bond with your fellow soldiers as well as the villagers, so their deaths would enrage you. Luck of the draw. You happened to be passing through their space and you were as promising a recruit as anyone else. We've been told the Vori have dozens of these training facilities where they conscript their own people, and any aliens they're able to capture. I don't know. But the Kradin accuse the Vori of the same kinds of atrocities. Evidently, that was the point. Chakotay?
Quantum Matrix, benamite crystals, Borg technology. Can you imagine what Starfleet is going to say? I'll start working on my acceptance speech. Dinner plans? Cancel it, that's an order. Ensign? Tom? None taken. All right, Mister Kim. You've convinced me. Prepare a flight plan and have it on my desk within the hour. I'll let you know what I decide. [2375 Janeway's quarters] No reason to cancel our dinner plans. I've programmed a dish my grandmother used to make back on Earth. Vegetable biryani. Normally, I draw the line at a pot of coffee, but tonight is a special occasion. Our last night in the Delta Quadrant. I'd say that's special enough. We launch tomorrow at oh eight hundred. You and Harry will take the Delta Flyer. Voyager will be right behind you. You can give them the news yourself, after dessert. What about you, Chakotay? What do you think about my decision? It could be our only chance to use the Quantum Drive. Long enough. We've waited long enough. I know it's a risk, probably our biggest one yet, but I'm willing to take it. Are you with me? Speaking of risks. Are you ready to try some home cooking? But should our luck run out, I'd like to say for the record that the crew Voyager acted distinction and valour. All hands, this is the Captain. Take your stations, secure all systems, and stand by for the jump to Slipstream. Match their course and speed. [2390 Delta Flyer] Voyager to Chakotay. Prepare to enter the Slipstream. Engage. Helm? Voyager to Delta Flyer. We need those corrections or we'll have to [2375 Delta Flyer] JANEWAY Looks like we're on our way. Harry, what's happening? [2375 Delta Flyer] JANEWAY I need an answer, Harry. We're running out of time. Shut down the drive! I thought you said the comm. link was down. Does Harry know how to access your Borg systems? He must have figured out a way. Enter the corrections. Full power to the deflector. Shields at maximum. Hold her steady, Tom. What about the Delta Flyer? Not exactly how I wanted to cross the finish line. Do it. We're coming in too fast! Reverse thrusters. All hands, brace for impact! (Voyager clips a mountain, then slams into the snow over the glacier. The hull digs in as they slide along. [2390 Delta Flyer - lab] I thought you said the comm. link was down. Does Harry know how to access your Borg systems? He must have figured out a way. Enter the corrections. You miscalculated, Harry. We entered the exact phase corrections you sent to Seven of Nine. They shut down the Quantum drive. [Delta Flyer] She received a message through one of her cranial implants. It wasn't you? [Delta Flyer] Phase corrections. Looks like we've got a guardian angel. Believe it. His name is Harry Kim. Seven found a Starfleet security code embedded in the transmission. Yours. Not yet. The transmission had a temporal displacement. We believe it originated from the future. Ten, twenty years from now. We can't be sure. My advice in making sense of temporal paradoxes is simple. Don't even try. To me, all that matters is that somewhere, somehow, sometime, you come through for us. And if you won't take it from me, take it from you. Seven found a log entry encoded in the telemetry. From Harry Kim, to Harry Kim.  (Janeway leaves.)
We've kept a candle burning in the window for you. I take it the mission was a success? That's the kind of news I like to hear. [Corridor] Any idea what caused the delusions? Three members of the same away team. Did you run into any kind of trouble while you were gone? Maybe you were abducted, manipulated into fighting. Our memories have been tampered with before. We're going to retrace your mission. Start reviewing the Delta Flyer's sensor logs. See if you come up with anything unusual. How long before Neelix is back on his feet? Do it. Each of you seems to hold a piece of the puzzle. Let's see if we can start putting them together. [Briefing room] Of what? Do any of you recall who you were fighting? Gentlemen, stay focused. You said you were trying to evacuate their colony. Why? You were coerced. What did you do? What happened down there? [Enclosure] Did you send anyone to the surface? Next. Photogenic. Oh, you didn't happen to buy any, did you? Moving on. Tarakis. The planet, it's called Tarakis. I've been here.(Now Janeway is one of the soldiers.) [Enclosure] They're already dead. No one's going to believe that. I won't lie about what happened here. We murdered these people! If that were true, you wouldn't be vapourising the evidence. You don't have to listen to him! We've got to let people know we panicked. They'll understand! I was there. I was at the colony with Saavdra. I can imagine the away team being pulled into an alien conflict, but these people weren't anywhere near this system. The dream was so vivid. As real as anything I've experienced. But I refuse to believe that we could No. If this massacre really happened, someone is to blame. I want to be certain that it wasn't us. I've seen you looking better, Ensign. I've felt better myself. But were going to get through this. The massacre took place on Tarakis. Go to Red alert and set a course. Shields. Stand by weapons. On screen. Scan for vessels. Take us into orbit. Do it, Mister Paris. (He does.)CHAKOTAY: Life signs? Run a full spectral scan. Look for anything unusual. There's something familiar about it, though. I recognise those mountains. Search the area. (They split up into two groups. A bird call makes Chakotay jump.)TUVOK: Ensign? So anyone passing through would experience the Nakan massacre, like we did. It's a memorial. We weren't victims of a conspiracy, we were witnesses to a massacre. Maybe that was the point. I certainly won't forget what happened here. That could explain why our memories were so fragmented. It was probably designed to transmit the experience in sequence. Yes, of course. [Briefing room] Not this. I stood by once before and did nothing. Not again. I watched while Saavdra vaporised the bodies. The obelisk at Khitomer. The fields of Gettysburg. Those are other peoples' memories too, but we don't honour them any less. The eighty two colonists who died here, they deserve their memorial. We're not going to shut down the transmitter. Is that clear? Is that clear? I'm suggesting that we repair it. Recharge the power cells. I want that monument to function properly for another three hundred years. We'll place a warning buoy in orbit. Anyone who enters this system will know what to expect. Dismissed. [Memorial field] I know this was hardest on the four of you. But if you hadn't stopped at this planet all the people who died here would have been forgotten. And if they could, I know they'd thank you. Janeway to Voyager. Stand by to initiate power transfer. Five to beam up. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 That's close enough. Let our momentum carry us in. Harry, are we ready? Then let's do it. All hands. initiate shutdown sequence. (All the lights go out. They turn on emergency lanterns. Crew still walking the corridors use their wrist beacons to see where they are going.) [Sickbay] Janeway to Seven of Nine. We're ready.  Report. Cause. Agreed. Bridge to Engineering. We're suspending the dilithium intake.  (Oops, a slip of the tongue there from Kate.) Tom, take us out. Damage? Assign repair teams. Resume course.  Come in. (Janeway gets herself a mug of drink from the replicator.) Any injuries? Ouch. This is terrible. Computer, another cup of coffee, I'm sorry. I was talking to Voyager. Really? What did you two talk about? Of course. I won't tell if you won't. Commander, do you see that? (A string of glowing objects outside.) I'd tend to agree, if it weren't the same one we passed an hour ago. [Bridge]  Ensign. (She hands him her coffee mug.) Are you conducting a survey of meteoroids, Tom? Check your sensors. We're travelling in circles. All stop. Reinitialise your sensors. Tom? Shut down the warp engines. Bridge to Engineering. Lieutenant Torres, respond. Find out what's going on. Harry, pull the speech processors if you have to, but shut that thing off. (sotto) I'll make you a deal, Voyager. The next M class planetoid we find, we'll set down and I'll give you a nice maintenance overhaul. What do you say? Tom, check the conn. (sotto) Thanks, my friend. Tom, I'm reading an EM surge in your console. Get away from Why am I not surprised. Now what? Reroute emergency power to environmental controls. Everyone out of here now. [Sickbay] NEELIX Doctor. Are we thinking the same thing? And attacking anyone who tries to stop it. Transfer his programme to the mobile emitter. Quickly. Let's get the injured out of here. You were following procedure. Hold on a minute. This is Captain Janeway. Respond. Janeway pi alpha. It's only a hunch, but I think this lifeform may be trying to communicate. I'm not so sure. The lifeform's been moving from system to system. If it's intelligent, it may be learning how to use those systems in some rudimentary way. Are you attempting to communicate? B'Elanna, can you call up the comm. system's syntax subroutines? We're attempting to make it easier for you to speak to us. Try to access the database at engineering station three one. Why have you come aboard our ship? Why do you want me to go there? I guess I'll find out soon enough. I can try to establish a dialogue or I can let it take over my ship. Seven, you're with me. Are you searching for something? The nebula. You're returning control of the ship? You want me to take you back to the nebula? Well, why didn't you just say so in the first place? I'm beginning to think this was all an accident, not an invasion. Think about it. The EM surge didn't hit us until our Bussard Collectors destabilised the nebula, and then what happened? I'm not so sure they were random. Navigational sensors were fooling us into heading back toward the nebula and then, when Tom tried to resume course, he was attacked. This lifeform isn't trying to hurt us, it's trying to get home. Can you give us access to the bridge? Captain's eyes only. It wants me to go alone. [Bridge] NEELIX Is the viewscreen functioning normally? I'm sorry to tell you this, but your nebula is gone. The gases must have continued to dissipate after we left.  Listen to me. I can still help you. There are other class J nebulas. I'll find you one. I'd be able to comply if you gave me access to Astrometrics. Give me back helm control. At least give me access to the comm. so I can warn my crew. You're going to kill everyone on this ship. Do you understand what that means? Yes, and if you extinguish us, you'll be extinguishing yourself. You need this crew. The technology you're using needs to be maintained. Who do you think is going to do that when we are gone? Voyager's secondary systems have already begun to fail. In a few weeks, primary systems will start to go offline. Access the internal sensors. Run a ship-wide diagnostic. See for yourself. I need everyone's attention. We're abandoning ship. Get to the escape pods. We'll push them out if we have to. (Neelix and Tuvok enter from the Jefferies tube.) After you. (Chakotay gets into the escape pod, and the door shuts in her face.) JANEWAY: I did what you asked, we're abandoning ship. What more do you want? That sounds about right. Like hell I will. (She bumps into a forcefield.)JANEWAY: I won't be your prisoner. You'll have to kill me. Not until you restore life-support and give me back control of my ship. Then we'll die here together. I'm guessing I've got about two more minutes and then you're on your own. I told you. The only way I'm helping is if you return control of my ship. [Cargo Bay two] I hope they weren't frightened. They were in the dark for three hours. We're just taking some final readings before we resume course. Show him, Harry. (The nebula is lit up with energy in some parts.)
Am I interrupting? The usual, please. What? Nothing terribly exciting. Just helping my aunt and uncle out on the farm. They're not as spry as they used to be. Although, they've got a goat that could argue Mossie Donegan's talking pig under the table. I'll see that I do. I hear they opened a nickelodeon in Dooleen. I thought it might be nice to go to a show. That's all right. We can go some other time. Well, I could be convinced to stay, if you'd be up to a game of Rings. Let's go. [Mess hall] Thank you. (He hands her a small packet.) The Faerie Queene by Edmund Spenser. Thank you, Michael. I'll start reading it tonight. I love epic poetry. What kind of strange things? By any chance would all this have anything to do with your reading suggestion? Don't tell me. They say I'm the Faerie Queene. I'll try not to take that personally. What do you mean? It's a big county. I'll admit I have misled you about some things, but never about anything important. And I wasn't lying when I said I care about you. You can. I didn't want to deceive you, but under the circumstances I had no choice. Michael, there are things about me you may not be able to understand. Computer, end programme. [Corridor]  How did he know? Those are questions no holodeck character should be asking. What exactly did you do to that programme? Well, something's gone wrong. The people of Fair Haven aren't simple country folk anymore. [Engineering]  Report. Shut it down. And repair the damaged systems. [Holodeck research lab] Never underestimate an Irish hologram. Let's just hope he didn't share the experience with too many others. Good luck. (Paris and Kim leave.)JANEWAY: What the hell was I thinking? Well, that's the problem. I've got a boyfriend who malfunctions. And if they can't? Hate to break the news to you, Michael, but I'm a starship captain and you're a three hundred deciwatt holodeck programme. I couldn't do it.  Gunfire? Where are Tom and Harry now? Transporters? And they weren't programmed to be violent. I don't believe they'd harm anyone. Well, I am certain, and I'd like to find a less drastic solution. One problem at a time, B'Elanna. The people of Fair Haven may not be real, but our feelings toward them are. I won't destroy these relationships if we can find another way. Now, if we could attach transport enhancers onto Tom and Harry, would that be enough to cut through the interference? Good. Then we just need to get someone close to them. Doctor. Good idea. Stand by to cut power to the hologrid in case things get out of hand. In the meantime, I believe your flock needs tending. [Saint Mary's] (Seamus is up in the pulpit reading from Biddie's book on incantations whilst a salt circle is drawn around the chairs Paris and Kim are tied to. Other men are flicking holy water at  Beam him out of there. He's been integrated into the Fair Haven matrix. He's vulnerable. [Saint Mary's] Lock onto the signal. (Michael is beamed to the bridge.) You're not in America. This is a starship. It's called No. My name isn't Katie O'Clare. It's Kathryn Janeway. Captain Kathryn Janeway. It's going to be difficult to explain. Maybe it's best if I just show you. Have you ever read The Time Machine, by H. G. Wells? In a manner of speaking. (They pass two crewmen.) You'll find a lot of familiar faces on Voyager. We've been visiting your town for months. We're explorers. Can you think of any place you'd rather be? Well that depends if we're still welcome. Just because we're from different worlds doesn't mean we can't care for each other. Go ahead. Stand by. [Saint Mary's] I've come in hopes that we can resolve our differences peacefully. We're truly sorry for what's happened here. We never meant to frighten anyone. And we're not spirit folk. Some of our technology may seem like magic, but I assure you it's not. If you want, we'll leave and never bother you again. But we'd prefer to find some way to keep our friendship alive. (Janeway takes the mobile emitter from Michael and puts it on the EMH's arm. He comes out of his trance.) I'm afraid we're going to have to close your open door policy. No, leave them. We learn to accept alien species with new technologies. Let's hope the people of Fair Haven will learn to accept us. But before we shut down the programme and begin repairs, what do you say to one more round at Sullivan's? My treat. [Fair Haven] It has for you. Open it. It's about two people from different times who fall in love, among other things. Och. Not a word.
Did we get a passing grade? Put her on the schedule. At the very least we should send the Delta Flyer for a look. And let's get a full range of sensor scans as we get closer. [Bridge] B'Elanna? Have you tried counselling? That'll be all, Seven, thank you. Dismissed. (Everyone else leaves.) They've never been on an away mission. Mortimer Harren, William Telfer, Tal Celes. None of them. I mean a working away mission. Something's got to be done about this. They aren't drones, Chakotay. We can't just deactivate them. Is the Delta Flyer ready? Three people have slipped through the cracks on my ship. That makes it my problem. [Mess hall] It's Zero G Is Fun. As you were. Zeta particle derivation, Gamma wave frequency, Ion distribution, Flow rate of positrons. Z.G.I.F. Zero G Is Fun. That's how you remember the sequence. Good, because where we're headed, you're going to need it. I'll be briefing you this afternoon in Astrometrics. We leave first thing in the morning. [Turbolift]  Deck fifteen. [Deck 15] At ease. Junction room sixteen? Of course. Crewman Mitchell, how have you been? Not bad. Not bad at all. (Janeway walks on to a junction.) Thank you. [Junction room 16]  Crewman Harren. I was, for a minute. I'll be briefing you this afternoon. (She hands him a PADD.) Excuse me? Ensign Culhane will cover for you. The pre-flight schedule is all there. I didn't ask you what you want. I'm taking the Delta Flyer on an astronomical survey mission and your expertise is needed. As much as I need to. Really. Wang's second postulate has more lives than a cat, doesn't it? Once you think you've eliminated it, bam, it pops up again. I'll give you a hand if you'd like, when the away mission is over. [Astrometrics lab]  Once we reach the cluster, we'll drop out of warp and maintain one quarter impulse on the sweep through the protostars. I'll be piloting the Delta Flyer. Celes, you're going to run an ongoing sensor analysis, providing data for your colleagues. Mister Harren, you'll be looking at subspace particle decay for anything new we might learn about star formation. And Mister Telfer, your job will be to look for signs of life. A long shot in this environment, but if it's out there, I'm sure you'll find it. You'll have the rest of the evening to familiarise yourselves with the mission. Don't worry. We'll run a complete scan for pathogens before we set foot anywhere. And the Delta Flyer is fully equipped to deal with medical emergencies. We'll be fine. Shuttlebay one, oh six hundred hours. Dismissed. (Telfter, Harren and Celes leave.) Don't worry Seven, I'll check her work. No, not this mission. Ever hear the tale of the Good Shepherd? If even one sheep strayed into the wilderness, the shepherd left the safety of the flock and went after it. In a manner of speaking. Maybe all it will take will be some personal attention from their Captain. Maybe something more. But I won't abandon a member of this crew, no matter what their problems might be. [Mess hall]  I'm going to one quarter impulse. We don't want to miss anything. (Whumph.) JANEWAY: Engine status? Anything on sensors? I agree. Are you volunteering, William? Mortimer? Well then, Mister Harren, are you hungry? I'll have the pasta soup. It should be listed under Neelix six five one. I'm sure you'll like it.  I understand you grew up on Vico Five. No wonder you became a cosmologist. So they say. I've never been there. Just making conversation. All right then. How's your thirteenth chromosome? Missing a couple of base pairs in gene one seventy eight? Sorry to have delayed your career plans, but all of us have had our lives interrupted. That's the nature of space exploration. It's unpredictable. Well, I'm not trying to change that. I'm simply trying to get every member of my crew working to their full capacity. That includes you, Mister Harren. I'll keep that in mind. Computer, identify the source of that spatial fluctuation. Red alert! Aft section, report. Report! We need to get propulsion back online and figure out what hit us. What's out there? Is the subspace transmitter online? Voyager, this is the Delta Flyer. We've been hit by an unknown phenomenon and taken heavy damage. We require immediate assistance. Repeat, we require immediate assistance. Transmit that continuously on all subspace frequencies. Anything on active scans? I read a paper on that phenomenon once. Well, enlighten us, Mister Harren. I can't do that, not on the basis of an unproven hypothesis. Eject the warp core and we lose any hope of getting warp drive back. I need more evidence, and right now sensors aren't talking. You're out of line, crewman. That's the evidence we're looking for. Do we have transporters? Beam it directly to the aft section. Celes, you're with me. Continue the repairs. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] For what? I saw the same sensor readings you did, and came to the same conclusion. You don't have to doubt yourself all the time. We all make mistakes, even me. You went through Starfleet training courses. At the Academy, I was infamous for my all-nighters. You showed evidence of unconventional thinking. I liked that. Not everybody would have thought to retrieve that hull plating. Well, with that attitude, I'm sure you will. We can find you another post on Voyager. You know, there's more to duty than the ability to manipulate algorithms. Everybody on Voyager has showed a courage far beyond what I could have expected. So have you. I can't answer that. Not enough for me. Not enough to jettison the remaining antimatter. There's a gas giant only a few hours from our current position. T class, surrounded by orbital rings, including one that's radiogenic. We could use those particles to reinitialise our warp reaction. Set a course. Can you localise it? Open a channel. All hailing frequencies. This is Captain Janeway of the Federation vessel Delta Flyer. We are on a mission of peaceful exploration. Please identify yourself. I'm firing a photon torpedo. There's enough antimatter in the detonation chamber to draw that proto-comet, if that's what it is. Find the source of that sound. (They all use tricorders.) Where is he? He's not out there. He's not in space, not in subspace. It doesn't make sense. (Telfer reappears and collapses.)  Activate the transporter. Try to get a lock on whatever's inside him. Tricorder isn't picking up anything. Unfortunately, I have to agree. Maybe you weren't, not entirely. Sensors can't scan it and transporters can't lock on to it. Maybe this is some kind of dark-matter lifeform. It might be time to revise your theory. Where did they take you? Did anyone try to communicate with you? If I sedate you, it could lower your immune response, and you need to stay conscious. Do you understand? Celes, keep an eye in him. Harren. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]  I'm setting a course for those rings. Shunt as much power as you can to the impulse engines. I've got news for you, crewman. Voyager isn't exactly a safe haven. We've been chased across the Quadrant by far worse than whatever's out there. The Vidiians, Species 8472, the Borg. But I guess if somebody's hiding down on deck fifteen they might not be aware of it. And I wasn't meant to guide a ship across an unknown Quadrant. Oh, I've seen things I've never imagined. Grown closer to people than I ever thought possible. I wouldn't call myself a victim, and I wouldn't trade the last six years for anything. I'll take it. Setting a course. Isn't there any part of you that feels a bond with the rest of us? When we escape from the Borg or discover a new type of star, don't you feel some pride of accomplishment? When you're in the mess hall, alone at your table in the corner, don't you see the friendships around you and wish, even for a microsecond, you were part of them? No, but I'd like to. That was the whole point of this mission. But I guess it hasn't worked out like I'd planned. Source? Voyager, this is the Delta Flyer. We've been hit by an unknown phenomenon and taken heavy damage. We require immediate assistance. Repeat, we require immediate assistance. Maybe not. There's a point zero zero five deviation in the carrier wave. Modified. They might be trying to communicate. Not necessarily. Try to adjust the universal translator for Billy, what are you doing? Wait. It may be trying to communicate. Hold your fire! (Harren vaporises it.)JANEWAY: What the hell is wrong with you? You don't know that. I gave you a direct order. Explain. Maybe that's why it was tapping into the environmental controls. It was trying to survive in a place it didn't belong. Based on direct observation. You murdered an alien being and destroyed any chance we had to make first contact.(Whumph!) How far are we from the gas giant? I'm taking the Flyer into the radiogenic ring. With any luck, they won't follow. That should be enough to reinitialise the warp core. (They fly into the rings.)JANEWAY: Start continuous transport of radiogenic particles directly into the reaction chamber. When it's approaching critical mass, let me know. Watch for any sign of pursuit. How are you doing? And now it's not? Maybe I do. When I was a girl, I was afraid of the ocean. I liked to swim, but in a pool or a pond where I knew exactly what was beneath me. But in the open water, with no way to know what was down there? It scared me to death. It wasn't until my first year at the Academy, after I went through zero G training in the Coral Sea, that I finally got over it. I think you just came up from your first deep dive. Get into the escape pods. Plot a course away from the planet. I'm going to fire a phaser volley and hopefully set off a chain reaction of the radiogenic particles. It might be enough to disable our friends. Not if I go to full thrusters and keep in front of the shock wave. If I don't make it, head for the L class moon in the next system. You could survive there for weeks if you have to. Enough time for Voyager to pick up your distress signal. Now get moving. Go! All right, it's your choice. Good luck. (Harren leaves.)JANEWAY: Charge phaser banks. Stand by to divert all power to thrusters. Launch pod one. How close are our pursuers? Stand by to fire. Janeway to Harren. [Escape pod]JANEWAY [OC]: What are you doing? Resume your escape course now. Get a transporter lock on that pod, More power to the thrusters. Celes. Fire. (The ring fragments ignite.) Any sign of another vessel or some kind of entity? The good shepherd went after some lost sheep, and ran into a wolf. I think she did. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
We've known each other for how long? We've served on three starships together. I was present at your daughter's Kohlinar. I consider you one of my closest friends. I've always been honest with you, but you've been keeping something from me. Don't you? It took exhaustive research, sifting through teraquads of data, separating fact from rumour, but eventually I arrived at the truth. Happy birthday. So, it's not long before you hit the big three digits, huh? Don't worry, Tuvok, my lips are sealed. Well? You're supposed to blow out the candle. Humour me. Well?  (Tuvok blows out the candle.) Lifesigns? Kes? Of course. What's happened? Prepare the docking port. Tell the Doctor to stand by. Janeway to Kes. Cut your engines. You're coming in too fast. Emergency force fields. Janeway to Kes. Kes, respond. Forcefields. Security to deck eleven. Bridge to Engineering. Intruder alert. [Corridor] Shut it down. (As Torres works a panel, Kes zaps her with warp core energy before glowing brightly and vanishing.) B'Elanna, report. A good choice for Chief Engineer, if I do say so myself. I feel like I already do. Remember the old story? Man goes to Risa, where he meets a beautiful woman who invites him over for an evening of passion. Every cadet about to go on his first shore leave hears that cautionary tale. Doesn't seem so outrageous anymore, does it? Do I detect a note of sympathy? Come in. (Kes enters with the coffee.)JANEWAY: Oh, you read my mind. (Chakotay leaves. Kes sees the file on the desk computer.) I'm afraid so. We've picked up two more ships on long range sensors. I've gone to full tactical alert. We're taking every precaution. Thanks for the vote of confidence. Tuvok thinks he's found a way to penetrate their shields. The next time they attack us, it won't be so easy. On my way. (Kes spills some coffee.) Don't worry about it. This desk has seen its share of coffee spills, believe me.(Janeway leaves. Kes uses her computer.) [Bridge - 2371] Might come in handy if we're ever boarded. Work with the Doctor. When you've got something, find a way to deploy it through the environmental systems. Neither will we, unless. Tom, how dense are those vacuoles? Excuse me, Doctor. (Janeway replaces the EMH with a map of the upcoming area.)JANEWAY: Tom, what's the first thing they teach you about manoeuvring at warp? Exactly. We'd have to drop to impulse every time we made a course change but, what if we let Voyager do the driving? We could pre-programme every kilometre. That way we'd only spend a second or two at impulse every time the computer executed a turn. No offence, but the neural gel packs can calculate vectors a little faster than you can. The Delta what? Prepare a shuttle. I want all of Voyager's systems operating at peak efficiency by the time Tom gets back. If we're going to pull this off, there's no margin for error. Dismissed. [Shuttlebay 2371]  Naomi Wildman? Ensign Wildman's husband is Ktarian. I met him once on Deep Space Nine. Borg? It almost sounds like you're describing a premonition. I didn't think Vulcans had premonitions. Computer, maintain a continuous proximity scan of Lieutenant Tuvok. Ten metre radius, all sensor parameters. In case you have any more visions. Go ahead. On my way. [Bridge - 2371] It does feel like we're sneaking through a graveyard at midnight. Any sign of the Vidiians? Tom? Well, let's get started. I'll be in Sickbay. Report. Good. I don't want to add to their health problems. I just want to keep them from adding to ours. Doctor, when was the last time you examined Ensign Wildman? Did you find anything unusual? This may seem like a strange question, but I need to know if she's pregnant. What about Captain's orders? The security of this ship could be at stake. Boy or girl? Life signs? Kes? Emergency forcefields. Bridge to Engineering. Intruder alert. [Engineering - 2371] When did this begin? Time. I need the exact time. Computer, display proximity scan of Lieutenant Tuvok at fourteen hundred twenty two hours. Oh. Tachyons. There was a surge of tachyon particles just before Tuvok collapsed. They're normally caused by temporal distortions. Let me know if his condition changes. [Sickbay - 2371]JANEWAY: Kes, you have telepathic abilities. Have you experienced anything unusual during the past couple of days? Hallucinations, premonitions? If you do, you'll let me know?  Gentlemen, scan for tachyon particles deck by deck. Do it. I'm not sure. (Whumph!) Battlestations. Bridge to Sickbay. Are you ready with that neural agent? Stand by to release it on deck three. [Sickbay - 2371]  Harry, what's going on? What do you mean, locked out? They know where to find us, they know our shield frequencies, which systems to target. Location? Who's down there? Security to Airponics bay. Shut down control functions to that section. I'm going down there. Something tells me we've got more than one battle on our hands. [Airponics bay - 2371] You're helping the Vidiians, Kes. Why? (Kes telekinetically throws Janeway against the bulkhead. She heads for the doors and they open to reveal Federation and Vidiian weapons fire criss-crossing it. Kes retreats and Janeway regains her weapon and her I haven't done anything to harm her. (Kes lays her other self on the floor.) No one's a prisoner here, Kes. What ideas? You don't have to destroy this ship, Kes. We can help you. Kes. Janeway to bridge. Status? For now. [Engineering - 2371] What was she doing? The tachyons are concentrated here. It's possible she needed the core to travel back in time. And we don't know when that'll be. We have to be ready. Go ahead. Computer, deactivate EMH. What I'm about to tell you stays between the three of us. Understood? Something terrible has happened. Or more precisely, will happen. We're going to need your help to prevent it from happening again. [Ready room]  It took exhaustive research, sifting through teraquads of data, separating fact from rumour, but eventually I arrived at the truth. Happy birthday. So, it's not long before you hit the big three digits, huh? Don't worry, Tuvok, my lips are sealed. Well, you're supposed to blow out the candle. Humour me. On my way. Well? (Tuvok blows out his candle.) Life signs? I'd almost forgotten. Red alert. Raise shields. All hands, this is the Bridge. Begin emergency evacuation of deck eleven. Repeat. [Engineering] JANEWAY  Open a channel. Kes. Of course. What's happened? Tuvok. Ready? (to Chakotay) Shut down the warp core. You have the bridge. [Engineering] Don't you remember? You made that holo-recording because you didn't want this to happen again. Three years ago, you travelled back in time. Kes, you wanted to take that woman with you and you were willing to hand the rest of us over to the Vidiians to do it. It didn't work. You forced me to kill you, Kes. If you go back now, it'll all happen again. Just before this terrible thing happened, you told me you had nowhere to go. That's not true. Stay here with us. You told me you had the ability to get home, but you were afraid the Ocampans wouldn't accept you. Why? What? What do you remember? Does it really matter which Kes goes home? [Transporter room] Goodbye, Kes. A friend got lost. We helped her find her way. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Janeway to Mister Neelix. Please report to the bridge. [Bridge] Yes, Neelix. We've received a subspace message from an approaching vessel. They're asking for you. Slow to impulse. On screen. Do you recognise it? Open a channel. I'm Captain Katherine Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. What can we do for you. Neelix. [Ready room] And Jetrel was somehow involved with this weapon? I see. But you survived. And your family? (Neelix shakes his head.) I am so sorry. [Transporter room] Doctor Jetrel. Lieutenant Tuvok, my chief of security. Mister Neelix has declined to meet with you. Mister Neelix has given me permission to speak on his behalf. You indicated that he may be in some kind of danger? For what purpose? Is it serious? Excuse me. I'm afraid I have some disturbing news, Neelix. According to Jetrel, you were exposed to dangerous levels of Metreon poisoning, and may be at risk of developing a fatal blood disorder. He wants to screen you for the disease. I understand your feelings, but this is your life we're talking about. I don't know what his motives are. Maybe he's trying to undo some of the damage his weapon caused? But he seems sincere, Neelix, and at this point I have no reason to doubt him. And if Jetrel discovers you don't have the disease, at least you'll have peace of mind. I simply want you to hear what he has to say. Then, if you still don't want him to examine you, no one will force you. Neelix, I think what Doctor Jetrel is trying Gentlemen, please. This is obviously very difficult for both of you but we are not here to debate history. We are here to talk about Neelix's condition. Come in. Please, sit down. Transporter systems. I would think you would be more concerned with Mister Neelix. To what end? Then theoretically, a victim's own immune system could destroy the disease. Is the isotope stable enough to be transported? We could construct a containment field to prevent any contamination of the ship, and I could have our Doctor assist you with synthesising the antibody. Janeway to bridge. CHAKOTAY [OC] Chakotay here, Captain. Have Doctor Jetrel's shuttle tractored into the shuttlebay and lay in a course for the Talaxian system. [Bridge] But it may mean saving Neelix's life. I'll send a message to Talax requesting permission to transport material from the cloud. In the meantime, Lieutenant Torres in Engineering can give you a hand with the transporter modifications. Thank you, Doctor Jetrel. It's a very promising idea. (Jetrel starts to leave, then doubles over in pain.) What is it? Maybe you should let the Doctor have a look at you. Neelix, where did you go? Why did you leave us? Neelix, I thought you'd like to know, we're approaching Rinax. [Bridge] Neelix? [Neelix' quarters] Acknowledged. Of course. [Engineering] Proceed. Well done, Janeway out. Any report on Doctor Jetrel's progress, Commander? Bridge to Sickbay. [Sickbay] JANEWAY Computer, activate Emergency Medical Hologram. What the hell is going on down there, Doctor? [Sickbay] You have the Bridge, Commander. Security, meet me in Transporter room one. Tuvok. [Transporter room one] We've heard that from you before. You're beginning to loose credibility. I think we should hear him out. Are you saying you're actually trying to restore people who were vaporised by the Metreon cascade? Given the degree of fragmentation you're talking about, I don't see how that's possible. I'm afraid I have to agree. It all sounds very implausible. Does Neelix really have metremia, or was that just a pretext for getting us to come to Rinax. Neelix, there are just too many variables. Lieutenant Tuvok, activate the emergency containment field around the transporter pad. We'll have to re-target scanners to the widest possible confinement beam. It's our only hope of achieving bond cohesion with such broadly scattered fragments. Energise. Phase transition coils to maximum. Is the biogenic field operational? Pattern buffers to maximum power. Take them to one twenty, Lieutenant. (The figure starts to writhe.) We're losing him. We've got to stimulate cohesion. Is there anyway to augment the biogenic field? Shut it down, Mister Tuvok. (Jetrel collapses.) Captain's log, stardate 48840.5. Doctor Jetrel's metremia is now in it's final stage. He's spending his remaining hours in Sickbay. [Sickbay] (The dying man has a visitor.)
You've brought us out of stasis. I assume you have news. [Doctor's office]  We're fine. How long were we in stasis? [Doctor's office] That long? And?  We'll take it under advisement, Doctor. Thank you for your efforts. Janeway out. What do you think? Agreed. I just want to make sure we're not overlooking a possible alternative. Janeway to Tuvok. You must be aware of the Doctor's report. I'm turning over command of the ship to you on a permanent [Ready room] JANEWAY  And regardless of the Doctor's suggestion, you are not to make contact with the Vidiians. [Ready room]  I'll prepare a message for the crew. [Briefing room] We've received the transport. We'll check it over and let you know if we're missing anything.  I'll contact you before the day is over. Janeway out. We may have to be here for a while. Petri dishes, protein analyzer, DNA sequencers. Everything I need for my research is here. It may take a while but yes I do. If I can find a specimen of the insect that infected us, I can begin analysing protein cofactors. That might give us the information we need to find out what it is in this environment that's keeping us from being sick and how to replicate it. (Chakotay takes a shelter piece from the module.) I guess it depends whether you're in a beige mood or a grey mood. Like polka dots? I like that. I've always looked better in beige. Actually, it might be kind of interesting, roughing it for a while. We don't have a bathtub. I love a bath. It's my favourite way of relaxing. You know, Chakotay, it occurs to me, we aren't exactly in a command structure anymore. Maybe you should call me Kathryn. Just the same ones as yesterday, and they don't seem to carry the pathogen that's infected us. Where have you been? For the past two days, you've been spending a lot of time in the woods. Is something going on I should know about? Not yet? What's that supposed to mean? Don't I even get hints? Building. What could you be building? And why can't you tell me? Janeway here. We're doing quite well. I'd like to speak to the crew now. This is Kathryn Janeway. I've never liked saying good bye, so I'll make this brief, but I want you all to know that serving as your captain has been the most extraordinary experience of my life. [Voyager] JANEWAY  Janeway out. Chakotay, are you there? I was thinking. Maybe looking for protein cofactors is the wrong approach. Even if I can't find a specimen of the insect that infected us, I could try to learn something about the bio-molecular evolution of this planet's ecosystem. [Shelter] (Chakotay is making a sand painting.) Chakotay! Someone's in the woods! (He grabs a phaser and flashlight, and runs outside.) Over there. It looks like some kind of primate. Hello. Are you hungry? Is that why you came here? I'm Kathryn, he's Chakotay. We've had to move into your neighbourhood, but I hope we can be friends. (The primate climbs a tree.) Maybe he'll come back. No. Looking for a clue about primate physiology on this planet. They must have to contend with insect bites too. (She realises she is only wearing a bath towel.)  Maybe we should be out looking for other primates. I might be missing something important. Yes? I'm not sure what you're getting at. You mean quit, give up? There may be a day when I'll come to that, Chakotay, but, I'm a long way from it right now. I need to keep looking. Acting Captain's log, supplemental. After six weeks, the decision to leave Captain Janeway and the First Officer behind still seems to weigh heavily on the crew. [Bridge] I'm going to check the insect traps in beta four. What are you up to now? Headboards? That's very thoughtful of you, Chakotay. You've done so many things to make our lives easier here. The cooking, for example. I hate to cook. Sometimes it feels as though you've given up, that you're focused on making a home here instead of finding a cure that will let us leave. Someday I may have to let go. But not today, okay? I've tried a new glucose bait in the traps. I have a feeling this might be the day I make a breakthrough. [Woods] (She hears a rustle nearby.) Hello? Chakotay? (The trap has caught something. She transfers it to a specimen jar, then hears the primate call.) Hello again. Well, you certainly cover a lot of territory. Or are you following me? Do you understand me? (The primate is pointing at the sky.) There. Know what that is? That little insect just might be what gets me out of your backyard. What do you think of that, huh? (Storm clouds gather quickly.) What is it? What's happened to the sky? If you're suggesting I should get out of here, I agree. (Janeway has to fight against the gales to get back. She keeps falling. Chakotay comes to find her.) No. I couldn't keep my balance and carry the case. What's happening? Oh, no! [Outside the shelter] (The storm has passed, leaving broken branches strewn over the roof.) None of this is salvageable either. There's no way I can continue to do my research. Well, that's one way of letting go. Captain's log, Stardate 49694.2. We have contacted the Vidiian convoy with encouraging results. They have promised to communicate with Doctor Denara Pel and ask if she will help us. [Bridge] How would you mill it? As in log cabin? When I was young, my parents took us on backpacking trips. They thought we should all keep a connection to our pioneer roots. I hated it. No bed, no replicator. No bathtub. I guess I was always a child of the twenty fourth century. Oh, no. Life here is much better than that. Well, hello there. I haven't seen you in a while. Where have you been? Not really. I just sense intelligence in him, and I could swear he came to warn me about the plasma storm. Come here, fellow. Come on. Well, we have plenty of time. The rest of our lives. Well, I can't give you orders anymore but I suggest we get back to work. I guess I'm not used to that kind of work. My knots are getting knots. Oh, that feels good. That's much better. Thank you. Well, I'm going to go to bed now. I'll see you in the morning. Yes. You too. [Bridge] We have to talk about this. I think we need to define some parameters about us. Is that really an ancient legend? Very nicely. We should have vine-ripened Talaxian tomatoes in a couple of months, unless this planet has the equivalent of tomato bugs. Oh, they're awful. I grew up around farmers. My parents insisted we learn some basic gardening skills. Of course. Who wanted to muck around in the dirt when you could be studying quantum mechanics? But I find it very satisfying now, watching the seeds sprout and grow. Well, you've come to the right person. I always have an opinion. A boat! We could go on a camping trip. Well, that's all right. I'll have the river. (Static is heard.) Do you hear that? This is Janeway. What is it? There you are. At least I get to say good bye. Feel free to use the house. Janeway to Voyager. Two to beam up. [Bridge] The Doctor tells me you contacted the Vidiians after all. If I didn't know you better, I'd say your decision was almost emotional. Thank you all. Well, we've lost time with all this. Let's see if we can make some of it up. Mister Paris, warp eight. Commander, we'll need to review the ship's systems. I'll handle propulsion, environmental and communication. You'll be responsible for sensors, weapons and transporters. Check with phaser maintenance. See if they solved that problem with the pre-fire chamber temperature.
Tom Paris? Kathryn Janeway. I served with your father on the Al-Batani. I wonder if we could go somewhere and talk. About a job we'd like you to do for us. I've been told the Rehab Commission is very pleased with your work. They've given me their approval to discuss this matter with you. Your father taught me a great deal. I was his science officer during the Orias expedition. I'm leaving on a mission to find a Maquis ship that disappeared in the Badlands a week ago. Really? You've never seen Voyager. We'd like you to come along. You know the territory better than anyone we've got. My Chief of Security was on board, undercover. He was supposed to report in twice during the last six days. He didn't. Maybe. That ship was under the command of another former Starfleet officer, named Chakotay. I understand you knew him. The two of you didn't get along too well, I'm told. You help us find that ship, we help you at your next outmeet review. Officially, you'd be a Starfleet observer during the mission. You'll be an observer. When it's over, you're cut loose. And? She's pregnant? Oh, Mark. You've got to take her home with you. She's with child. I can't leave her in a kennel while I'm Yes. Thanks, honey. As soon as I approve these systems status reports. Hey. You never bother me, except the way I love to be bothered. Understand? See you in a few weeks. Oh, Mark, go by my house and pick up the doggie bed. She'll be more comfortable. Come in. (Paris and Kim enter.) Gentlemen, welcome aboard Voyager. Mister Kim, at ease before you sprain something. Ensign, despite Starfleet protocol, I don't like being addressed as sir. Ma'am is acceptable in a crunch, but I prefer Captain. We're getting ready to leave. Let me show you to the bridge.  [Bridge] Did you have any problems getting here, Mister Paris? My first officer, Lieutenant Commander Cavit. Ensign Kim, Mister Paris. Ensign Kim, this is your station. Would you like to take over? It's not crunch time yet, Mister Kim. I'll let you know when. Engage.  [Mess hall] (At the prow of the ship, with picture windows - a small Ten Forward.) (Paris enters and goes to the food replicator.) Janeway to Paris. Report to the Bridge. We're approaching the Badlands.  [Bridge] (Voyager sweeps between plasma streamers as Paris enters. Janeway and Cavit are at the Tactical station.) The Cardassians gave us the last known heading of the Maquis ship, and we have charts of the plasma storm activity the day it disappeared. With a little help, we might be able to approximate its course. Adjust our course to match. The Cardassians claimed they forced the Maquis ship into a plasma storm where it was destroyed, but our probes haven't picked up any debris. We'd still be able to pick up a resonance trace from the warp core. Origin, Mister Kim. On screen. (The viewscreen shows a narrow band of energy heading towards them.) Analysis. Do it. Red alert. Move us away from it, Lieutenant. Full impulse. Can we go to warp? Brace for impact. Report! Repair crews, seal off hull breach on deck fourteen. Bridge to Sickbay. Doctor, can you hear me? Paris, how's Stadi? I need a better description than that, Mister Kim. Can you get the viewscreen operational? What about on that, that array? Any idea what those pulses are that are coming from it, Mister Kim? Try hailing the array. Secure all engineering systems. I'm on my way. Ensign, get down to Sickbay. See what's going on. Mister Rollins, the Bridge is yours. What's the warp core pressure? Lock down the magnetic constrictors. We don't have a choice. We've got to get the reaction rate down before we try to seal it.  [Sickbay] Unlock the magnetic constrictors. Pressure? What kind of scan? Bridge? Janeway to Bridge, respond. (Carey vanishes.) Initiate emergency lock-off. (Janeway vanishes.)  [Sickbay] (Kim and Paris help a man onto a biobed as the EMH examines a woman on the next one.) Don't believe your eyes, Mister Paris. We've only transported a hundred kilometres. We're inside the array. No, thank you. My name is Kathryn Janeway, captain of the Federation Starship Voyager. Move around. Scan the area. See if you can find anything that might be a holographic generator. Can you tell me why we're here? Wait for what? Janeway here. Paris? Come on!  [Barn] (Adah appears from thin air with a pitchfork, then the rest of the farmers. Janeway and four crew run in and the door closes behind them.) Janeway to Bridge. Anybody there? How long were we over there?  [Bridge] Three days? Tractor them. All senior officers, report [Sickbay] JANEWAY Go ahead.  [Bridge] PARIS Acknowledged. Computer, how many crewmen are unaccounted for? Hail the Maquis. Commander Chakotay. My name is Captain Kathryn Janeway. We were on a mission to find you when we were brought here by the array. One of our crewman is missing. Was he transported back to your ship by accident? Commander, you and I have the same problem. I think it makes sense to try and solve it together, don't you? Put down your weapons. You won't need those here. It's good to have you back, Mister Tuvok. You are speaking to a member of my crew. I expect you to treat him with the same respect as you would have me treat a member of yours. Now, we have a lot to accomplish, and I suggest we all concentrate on finding our people and getting ourselves back home. Break out the compression phaser rifles. Meet us in Transporter Room two. We're going back. We'll divide into teams. Mister Tuvok, while Chakotay and I are looking for Torres and Kim, your job is to find out as much about this array as you can. It brought us here. We have to assume it can send us home. Agreed? (Chakotay nods.) Mister Rollins, maintain Red alert. Keep us on constant transporter locks. If this has something to do with what Chakotay said. Come on.  [Farm] (The two parties meet up. Tuvok is in Starfleet uniform.) Maintain your comm. link. I don't want to lose anyone else. I don't know what you need and frankly I don't care. I just want our people back and I want us all to be sent home. This minor bipedal species doesn't take kindly to being abducted. What have you done to them? We are their commanding officers. We are entrusted with their safety. They are our responsibility. That may be a concept you don't understand. Left for what? Tell us what you're looking for. Maybe we can help you find it. You've taken us seventy thousand light years from our home. We have no way back unless you send us, and we won't leave without the others. Come in. Faster. That's only one of the mysteries we're dealing with, Mister Tuvok. Take a look at this. (A scan of the planet on her desk monitor.) It's virtually a desert. Not one ocean, not one river. It has all the basic characteristics of an M-class planet except there are no nucleogenic particles in the atmosphere. I've studied thousands of M-class planets. I've never seen an atmosphere without nucleogenics. There must have been some kind of extraordinary environmental disaster. As soon as repairs are complete, we'll set a course for the fifth planet. Kim's mother called me just after he left her. Delightful woman. He's her only son. He'd left his clarinet behind. She wanted to know if she had time to send it. I had to tell her no. Did you know he played clarinet in the Julliard Youth Symphony? I barely knew him. I never seem to have the chance to get to know any of them. I have to, I have to take more time to do that. It's a fine crew and I've got to get them home. You're right as usual. I've missed your counsel, Tuvok. I spoke to your family before I left. Well, but worried about you. They miss you. I'll get you back to them. That's a promise, Tuvok. Captain's log, supplemental. The Maquis ship and Voyager have encountered a debris field where sensors have detected a small vessel. One humanoid life form is on board.  [Bridge]  Hail them. (The viewscreen is covered in metal debris. Someone with spots and a mohican hair cut clears it.) We're not interested in this debris, Mister Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. Do you know this area of space well, Mister Neelix? Do you know anything about the array that's sending energy pulses to the fifth planet? Sounds as though you've heard this story before. The Caretaker? As a matter of fact, he did. Do you know where he might have taken them? We'd appreciate any help you could give us in finding these Ocampa. Of course, we'd want to compensate you for your trouble. Yes? If you help us find our missing crew members, you can have all the water you want. Good. We'll beam you over and tow your ship into our shuttle bay. Mister Tuvok, go to Transporter Room two and meet our guest. We have a technology which can take you instantly from your ship to ours. It's quite harmless. May we?  [Transporter room] The Kazon-Ogla? Who are the Kazon-Ogla? I thought you said the Ocampa had our people. Janeway to Voyager. Energise. (Two tanks appear. The Kazon run to them.) There's more where that came from, if you can help us. This man led us here suggesting we might find a people called the Ocampa. Do you know where they are? To the surface? You mean they live underground? This same entity has abducted two of our people. We believe they might be with the Ocampa. That would be difficult. It's integrated into our ship's systems. (Neelix grabs Jabin and holds a tiny weapon to his throat.) Six to beam up.  [Transporter room] Computer, end Medical Holographic Programme. (The EMH vanishes.) Would you be willing to take us underground to look for our missing crew? We don't need a tunnel. We have the ability to transport there directly. Have the transporter room begin a sweep for any breaches we might be able to beam through. (Tuvok leaves.) Can you take us there? We'll be glad to leave once we find our crewmen. Away team to Voyager. What's going on with the array?  [Bridge] Keep me informed. Janeway out.  [Ocampa settlement] If they were trying to get to the surface, how would they go? Mister Paris, you and Neelix go with her and start checking them out. We need to talk to every doctor and nurse at this hospital, see what they can tell about Torres and Kim. (Boom. The settlement shakes.) Go ahead.  [Bridge] Understood. Keep a channel open.  [Ocampa settlement] Explain. If he dies, how the hell are we supposed to get home?  [Shaft] (Paris uses his tricorder.) Go ahead. Call for transport when you have them, Paris. We'll meet you on the ship. Janeway to Voyager. Three to beam up. Come on. There's only one other way out of here.  [Shaft] JANEWAY The transporters aren't working. You're going to have to find a breach in the security barrier when you get to the top. We're a few minutes behind you. Janeway out. Go ahead. (starting up the stairs.) Don't wait for us. Get them to safety. They're not far ahead of us. Keep going. [Tunnel] Hold on. Neelix, help me with Tuvok. Go ahead. Set a course. I'm on my way. Bring the weapons systems online. Red alert. (Voyager and the Maquis ship approach the Array. Two Kazon ships are there.) On screen. All we care about is getting home, Jabin. We're about to transport over to the Array to see if we can arrange it. We have no dispute with you. This is ridiculous. We have no intention of challenging you. Jabin, can we discuss this like two civilised (Transmission ends.) I guess we can't. (Boom.) Fire phasers. Evasive pattern, delta four. (The Kazon ships are Maquis sized, tiny compared to Voyager.)  [Maquis ship] JANEWAY Good. Mister Paris, take the conn. Maintain transporter locks, Ensign. Emergency beam out status. You know what to do. (Tuvok leaves.) We need you to send us back where we came from. You're sealing the conduits before you die. Something you did turned their planet into a desert, didn't it? That was the debt that could never be repaid. There's another like you here? Why were you bringing ships here, infecting people with a fatal illness? Incompatible? You've been trying to procreate? Did you ever consider allowing the Ocampa to care for themselves? Children have to grow up. We're explorers too. Most of the species we've encountered have overcome all kinds of adversity without a Caretaker. It's the challenge of surviving on their own that helps them to evolve. Maybe your children will do better than you think. Go ahead. We need more time. [Barn] Can you hold them off for another few minutes? Unless you help us. If you destroy the Array, we'll have no way to get home. Voyager, report. Affirmative.  [Array] Stand by. And what happens to the Ocampa after we're gone? Would it? We never asked to be involved, Tuvok, but we are. We are.  [Bridge] (Voyager is still taking weapons fire.) Mister Tuvok, ready the tricobalt devices. Open a channel to the Kazon. I'm calling to warn you to move your vessels to a safe distance. I intend to destroy the Array. I can and I will. End transmission. Move us four hundred kilometres from the Array, Mister Paris. I'm aware everyone has families and loved ones at homes they want to get back to. So do I. But I'm not willing to trade the lives of the Ocampa for our convenience. We'll have to find another way home. Fire. (Two blue torpedoes strike the Array. Mega-KaBOOM as it falls apart.) On screen. Come in. Mister Paris, you have a problem. I've invited Chakotay and the other Maquis to become part of this crew. It seemed the only reasonable thing to do under the circumstances. It seems you already have one. Mister Chakotay said something about his life belonging to you? He'll be taking responsibility for your safety. Don't be so sure. He'll also be my First Officer. Everyone aboard this ship will report to him, including the lieutenant assigned to conn. I've entered into the ship's log on this date that I'm granting a field commission of lieutenant to Thomas Eugene Paris. Congratulations. You've earned this, Tom. I'm only sorry your father won't know. We supplied your ship with water, Neelix. It's ready to go. I'm sorry. This isn't a passenger ship. Colleagues? We're alone in an uncharted part of the galaxy. We have already made some friends here, and some enemies. We have no idea of the dangers we're going to face, but one thing is clear. Both crews are going to have to work together if we're to survive. That's why Commander Chakotay and I have agreed that this should be one crew. A Starfleet crew. And as the only Starfleet vessel assigned to the Delta Quadrant, we'll continue to follow our directive to seek out new worlds and explore space. But our primary goal is clear. Even at maximum speeds, it would take seventy five years to reach the Federation, but I'm not willing to settle for that. There's another entity like the Caretaker out there somewhere who has the ability to get us there a lot faster. We'll be looking for her, and we'll be looking for wormholes, spatial rifts, or new technologies to help us. Somewhere along this journey, we'll find a way back. Mister Paris, set a course for home.
I've been looking over his Starfleet record. His training instructor recommended him as an Officers candidate. He turned it down to come with us. He has three sisters back home. (Torres enters.) Something wrong? As in? Maybe he had something personal against Cardassians? It seems clear where your investigation should begin, Lieutenant. [Tuvok's office] Did you get any of the answers you were after? I guess in his earlier life he always found ways to release those impulses, like volunteering for the Maquis. What do we do with him? The brig is the closest thing we have. But I don't think we can just leave him down in our dungeon for the rest of the trip. I agree. An execution? You're not seriously suggesting that we I don't. I prefer to rehabilitate him, not to end his life. We'll confine him to quarters. Work with Kim to install maximum security containment. If we don't get home soon, he'll be in that room a long time, Mister Tuvok. I think this is the best we can do under these circumstances. How is Suder since the mind meld? And you, Tuvok? Any adverse effects? Why don't you take a day or two off for meditation. Tuvok. Take care of yourself. [Mess hall] Computer, lift the security seal from Lieutenant Tuvok's quarters. (to guard) Wait here. [Tuvok's quarters] (The place has been smashed up. Tuvok is sitting in a corner in the dark.) Tuvok. Talk to me. We need to get you to Sickbay. The Doctor is fully versed in Vulcan medicine. Which means what? Can you help him? What does it involve? Tuvok, do you know where you are? You are not a violent offender, Tuvok. No part of me feels that way. Help me get him back on the bed. How many treatments do you think will be necessary? I'm just glad we have you back, Mister Tuvok. Don't worry about it. I've been insulted before. That means a great deal to me. Enough said. Get some rest. Tuvok. No more mind melds without my permission. Understood? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Already on my way. (The EMH speaks slowly and clearly to Tincoo.) How are our guests? Doctor. To be honest, we're having a little trouble understanding your technology. Well then, I guess we'll leave the repairs in your superior hands. No one who's better qualified. Try to bear with our deficiencies just a little longer. (Janeway rolls her eyes at the EMH and leaves.) Thank you, Prelate. We're looking forward to learning more about your culture. I appreciate that. I understand we're not as advanced as you, but we're fast learners, and we'd like to We're prepared to give you complete access to our musical database, as well I believe he's made some recordings. How about a recital? A live performance. We can put together a programme of various styles of music. He'll be the star attraction. [Mess hall] Congratulations, Doctor, you stole the show. I believe the Doctor is referring to me, Prelate. Another concert would mean extending our stay. When would you want to schedule the performance? Sounds like you've got yourself a booking, Doctor. [Engineering] Well, someone did. On my way. [Astrometrics lab]  What have you got? How? What do you mean by irrelevant? (Seven puts them up on the big screen.)JANEWAY: They're transmissions, all addressed to the Doctor. Computer, stand down Red alert. This isn't sabotage, Seven. This is fan mail. People who admire performers are called fans. Exactly. Music is new to them. Clearly, they're very excited about it. I suppose he's the embodiment of what they admire. He can do something they can't. That makes him special. People have always fantasised about knowing celebrities personally. I suppose it's a way of making themselves feel more important. Go ahead. On my way. Just think, Seven. As personal friends of the Doctor, we're the envy of millions of Qomar. [Corridor] I guess their interest in the Doctor is greater than we expected. Agreed. Tuvok, when have functions aboard this ship ever been normal? [Mess hall] I'm not sure that's the word I'd use for it. Excuse me. Sorry, excuse me. I'm not here for an autograph. We need to talk. (They move away from the queue.)JANEWAY:  I'm glad you're enjoying yourself Doctor, but this is getting a little excessive. Does that include using our replicator reserves to create miniaturised versions of yourself? I see. Well in any case, you've been neglecting your Sickbay duties. I haven't received a report in three days. I wasn't aware we were on a first name basis. Oh, that's perfectly all right, Doctor, or do you prefer Maestro? Well, then, let me make it clear to both of you. Maestro, you're finished for today. Doctor, report to Sickbay. Now. [Sickbay]  You're resigning your commission? When this all started, I thought you might have a little harmless fun, and that you'd be responsible enough to keep it in perspective. I can see now that I was mistaken. What about your duty to Voyager? You're a part of this ship. That's not what I meant. Every member of this crew is expected to fulfil his obligations. You're not Harry Kim. You're an Emergency Medical Hologram. I have given you extraordinary freedom, to explore your creativity, to go on away missions, to pursue personal relationships, but enough is enough. I am responsible for the medical needs of this crew. If I let you leave, what kind of captain would I be? What about you? Will you manage without us? Now which one of us is looking at you as a piece of technology? I'm not talking about your maintenance needs. I'm talking about your emotional needs. You've got people on this ship who care about you. And when their tastes change? Fame is often temporary. Oh, really? Well, it sounds like you'll have everything you need. I hope so, Doctor. Because once Voyager's gone, you won't be able to change your mind. As your Captain, I should refuse this resignation. But as your friend, it wouldn't be right to stand in your way. [Sickbay]  Come in. What's this? So you've taken off your tails and put them between your legs. You offended a lot of people who care about you. Permission denied. No buts, Doctor. You're expected to follow orders just like every other flesh and blood member of this crew. Resume your normal activities. All of them. Dismissed. [Doctor's office]
Scan the region. Look for plasma emissions or EM displacements. Anything that might indicate another ship. There has to be something out there. Shuttles don't just vanish into thin air.  (Whumph!) Source. Red alert. Helm, full ahead. Go to warp Then we need more power to the impulse engines. B'Elanna, vent three million isodynes of plasma from the nacelles. Chakotay, reverse shield polarity. Move us away. Stand down red alert. Secure all stations. I'd say we have a pretty good idea what happened to that shuttle. [Astrometrics lab] Agreed. What the hell was that? Kathryn Janeway, of the Starship Voyager. What happens tomorrow? Some of our crew are trapped inside. We can't abandon our crew. If you could delay your mission Launch the probe. Work with B'Elanna and Seven to enhance the sensors. Do whatever you can to find Tom and Tuvok. I'll be looking for a way to counter those gravitational forces. [Ready room]  Come in. I've been brushing up on sinkholes, quantum singularities. All the data leads me to the same conclusion. They're mono-directional phenomena. What goes in doesn't come out. What is it? Vulcan, human, alien lifesigns. At least we know they're alive. There's astronomical data here covering a three month period. How is that possible? How big a differential? Months trying to survive in a Class-D environment? More than likely, they've assumed that we left them behind long ago. You're kidding. Any reason we can't use the same relay to send a comm. signal? Good. Let them know that help is on the way. Hail them. It was my understanding you wouldn't begin for another six hours. Well we're not. We need at least another two hours to make a rescue attempt. How long until they seal the rift? Then that's all we've got. [Planet surface - rock ledge] Transporter status? Harry? Voyager to away team. [Noss's ship] Voyager to away team. A transporter beam with a radius of two metres will activate at the coordinates of your distress beacon in exactly thirty minutes. Be advised we've detected a temporal difference between our two positions. According to our calculations, the differential ratio is point four seven four four seconds per minute. Repeat. Voyager to away team. A transporter beam with a radius of two metres Move us into range. Stand by for transport. Link up with the probe and relay the signal. They're supposed to be ready for transport in thirty two seconds. Let's hope they don't stand us up. Begin twenty second countdown on my mark. Now. [Noss's ship] Initialise transport sequence. Energise. [Transporter room]
Verify. No. We need to settle our differences here and now. Hard about, full impulse. On screen. Hail them. Maintain course, Mister Paris. Harry, run a long range scan. Are there any other Hirogen ships out there? Take us within transporter range. Yes. Seven, what you call a threat, I call an opportunity to gain knowledge about this species. And in this case, maybe even show some compassion. There seems to be a wounded pilot over there. And all of my experience says we've got to take that chance anyway. Commander. They've certainly covered a lot of space. How's our wolf in Sickbay? You were right, Seven. This species is a threat. But despite the risk of sending an away team, we know a lot more about who we're dealing with now. So there's one question remaining. Who's hunting the hunters?(That would be the 8472 currently crawling over Voyager's hull.) [Sickbay] Can you sedate him? Your crewmate is dead, and your ship has been damaged beyond repair. I brought you here to treat your injuries. What happened to your ship? Who attacked you? The first time I met your species it wasn't on the best of terms, but that doesn't mean you and I can't find a way to change that. You were on a hunt? Not without your ship, and not in this condition. You'll die How long do we have? Tom, analyse their approach pattern. Evade them as long as you can. I want to buy the Doctor enough time to treat our hunter. If I gain his confidence, he might call off his friends. Good old-fashioned diplomacy could get us out of this yet. It's time we convince them otherwise, or like any other cornered animal, we'll show our teeth. (Voyager trembles.) Harry, Tuvok, get to deck eleven and check it out. [Jefferies tube 84] Go ahead. Intruder alert. Bridge to Security, seal off decks ten through twelve. The last time we ran into this species, it was impervious to our scanners. We'll have to track it visually. We'll worry about that later. You have the bridge, Commander. I'll be on deck eleven. [Engineering] Get them to Sickbay. Janeway to Tuvok. The intruder just left Engineering. Seal off the area. Secure the warp core. Seven. [Corridor] It would seem that the Hirogen underestimated their latest prey. Yes. When the Borg were fighting Species 8472, did they ever engage in physical combat? Can you recall anything that might help us here? The creature was just in Engineering. Didn't touch any of our power systems. Let's get to Sickbay. [Sickbay] Is it alone? Have you seen any others like it? Your prey could indicate another invasion. If it does, we're all in trouble. How many ships have you seen? I want you to incapacitate the creature, not kill it. Can you make that modification? Not until we know why it returned. I disagree. You have your orders, Seven. Six of your vessels will be here in under four hours. I hope you'll let them know that we saved your life and that we want to avoid any further conflict with your people. Go ahead. [Deck 11] Evacuate the deck. [Sickbay] Regroup on deck ten. You want to be part of the hunt? Now's your chance. He'll be under your supervision, Commander. If he steps out of line, shoot him. (Janeway leaves. Chakotay lowers the surgical bay forcefield.) And Species 8472? As an added precaution, have B'Elanna start working on a way to lock onto the creature, in case we have to beam it off the ship. You mentioned it was injured. In what way? The Hirogen said they've been chasing it for several months. Is there anything you can do? It was trying to get home. What's it saying? You have nothing to be afraid of. We're going to help you get back to your realm. Does it understand? It will take time to open a singularity and we have no way of treating your injuries, but if there's anything you can tell us about your (8472 collapses.) Lying at the end of a corridor on deck eleven. Nearly dead, thanks to you. No. In less than three hours, your ships will arrive. By that time, Species 8472 will no longer be on Voyager. I'm sending it back where it came from. This isn't a hunt, it's a slaughter, and I'm calling it off right now. Tuvok. [Corridor] Have Seven of Nine report to my ready room. She's the only one on board who knows how. We'll see. [Ready room] I've made a decision about Species 8472. I'm going to return it to fluidic space. In order to do that, I need you to open a quantum singularity. I realise it may be difficult for you to help save this creature's life, but part of becoming human is learning to have compassion for those who are suffering, even when they're your bitter enemies. I remember when I was a Lieutenant. It was during a Cardassian border conflict. My away team was cut off while we were defending a Federation outpost. We'd been exchanging phaser fire with a group of Cardassians for about three days. A stalemate. One night, during a break in the fighting, we could hear this low moaning sound coming from somewhere in the brush. We knew that none of our people were out there, so it had to be a wounded Cardassian. You have to understand, we'd been killing each other for weeks on this planet. It was brutal. But our commanding officer decided that we couldn't just sit there and listen to that poor man suffer. So he ordered me and an Ensign to crawl out there and bring that Cardassian back to our camp. I thought he was crazy. He was risking our lives for someone who would have shot us without hesitation. But we did it, and the Cardassian lived. Three days later we secured the outpost. It was a major victory. We were all decorated by Starfleet Command. But in retrospect, the thing I'm most proud of was the night we saved that man's life. A single act of compassion can put you in touch with your own humanity. No, I'm trying to help you see this as an opportunity to grow. I know you don't want to do it, Seven, but I'm telling you as your Captain, and as your friend, you won't regret it. It is wrong to sacrifice another being to save our own lives. Yes, but that's different. That was my choice. This creature does not have a choice. I'm giving you an order. Report to Deflector Control and begin working on creating a singularity. Objection noted. We'll do this without you. And you have just crossed the line. End of debate. Report to the Cargo Bay and remain there until this is over. Is that understood? [Bridge] Return fire. Better late than never. Open a channel. Call off your attack and we'll return your crewman. As for your prey, it's under our protection now. It belongs to no one. Now order your ships to withdraw and this can end peacefully. (Transmission ends. Whumph!) Doctor, can you sedate it? Stand by. Bridge to Seven of Nine. [Cargo Bay two] Report to deck eleven immediately with a supply of nanoprobes. Bridge to Doctor. Report. [Deck 11] They've crippled us. Tuvok, divert warp power to the phaser banks. Maybe that'll help us penetrate their hull plating. [Deck 11] Lock them out. Report, Mister Kim. Tom, can we pursue? Resume our previous course, full impulse. Seven of Nine. Captain's log, stardate 51652.3. It's been twelve hours, and our sensors show no sign of any Hirogen vessels. But their people are scattered throughout this region, and something tells me that the hunt for Voyager is far from over. [Cargo Bay two] Step down, please. Seven, you disobeyed my direct orders, and as a result you condemned a sentient being to its death. Maybe not. In any case, the decision wasn't yours to make. I didn't come here to debate your decision. I came here to inform you of the consequences. When you first came to Voyager, I decided to grant you the same liberties and freedoms of any crew member, because I wanted you to be a part of this family. And I've been willing to accommodate your unique way of doing things, even when you rubbed somebody the wrong way or violated protocol. But this time, I can't accommodate you. From this point forward, you will no longer have access to any primary systems on this ship. Not without my direct authorisation. If you attempt to circumvent me, I'll throw you in the Brig. I still need your expertise in the Astrometrics lab if you're willing. If not, you can spend your time here in the Cargo Bay. Is that understood? What's that? Individuality has its limits, especially on a starship where there's a command structure. As you were. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Excuse me, can you tell me where I can find the supervisor? Thank you. Thank you, sir. I'm sorry, I boarded the wrong transport. I ended up at the Atmosphere Filtration Facility. I promise I won't be late again. Eight thousand metric tons of tylium per second at ninety four percent thermal efficiency. I memorised the specifications. I can already tell it's going to be much better than my last job. (She goes to her console, then looks around. Later -) Thanks. (She takes the foreign style PADD and taps on a Borg style control panel, then returns to her console.) Come on, shut off that damn alarm and I promise I'll never violate you again. (A man puts his finger on a control, and the alarm stops.) I would have corrected it. It's an old habit. I'm not sure this control panel and I speak the same language yet. Kathryn. That's good to know. We weren't fraternising. He was just helping me correct an input error. We're almost finished. Yes, ma'am. I can't. I appreciate the offer, but with this new job I don't really have time to socialise. [Bar] (Just the bar owner and Paris.) I'm not socialising. I'm reviewing these manuals and having something to eat. Really, I'm very, very busy. I can't believe I let you keep me out this late. Of course. A planet called Earth. Oh, a long way from here. Overpopulated, polluted, very little work. It's nice to be in a place where different species get along so well. I was speaking in a broader cultural context. There's a lot of violence where I come from. I still haven't adjusted to the weather here. It gets so cold at night. Is that so? I really have to get to sleep. Maybe another time. You're not. I'll let you know. [Power Distribution Plant] (In the middle of a shift, as Janeway is tapping at her console, an alarm sounds.) It wasn't me. What inoculations? I didn't realise that was a problem. Doctor, can you treat these people? Get everyone to the escape pods, quickly. Not you, Doctor. I need you here. Computer, activate the Emergency Command Hologram. Authorisation Janeway omega three. You've wanted this chance for a long time. Now you've got it. Try to vent the radiation. The rest of us will get out of the contaminated area and head for the nearest habitable planet. Unless someone answers our distress call we'll have to made do with medkits. We'll rendezvous as soon as it's safe to come back on board. Take good care of Voyager. Who are you? My crew ? Treat my people first. Thank you. Hi. You're Tuvok, right? We met last week at the shift briefing. Oh, I don't think so. I mean, we're obviously not from the same place. What hospital? You must have me confused with someone else. I've never been sick enough to go to a hospital. I'm sorry, I have a lot of work to finish. I think it's just a misunderstanding. I'm not sure. Strange man. Again? No, it's wonderful. It's just And then we stop eating together? I'll have dinner with you, on one condition. I make it. Good. Now go back to your station before the Efficiency Monitor catches us fraternising. [Bar] (Torres is sitting alone at a table, reading a PADD.) It's only burnt on the outside. Your cooking console's a little temperamental, huh? Once I cut off the charred part, I'm sure it'll be fine. (Jaffen tries a piece.) Really? (He shakes his head.) I promised you dinner. We'll just have to get it somewhere else. No. Making a hot drink is one thing I can do. JAFFEN You're right. It's good. I told you. The blanket's nice and warm. I can't remember being more comfortable in my life. [Bar] Yes? I'm sorry? What can I help you with? Oh. What did you say your name was? Well, whatever your name is, I'm happy to help you any way I can. [Quarren Medical Facility] Hi, how was your first day? Would you and your friend like to join us? That was rude. Are you asking me to move in? Okay. Maybe I'm out of my mind, but let's try it. [Street] (Neelix is walking behind Torres. Chakotay bumps into her from the front.) Jaffen. He wasn't very nice when I invited you to join us. Are you all right? I know how that can be. Well, I just wanted to let you know you're more than welcome to sit with us. Well, if you change your mind, we're celebrating. I've decided to move in with Jaffen. I'm a collector. I like to think of it as a decorative object. (She puts it with his vase on a sideboard.)JANEWAY: You know, I think this would look better over there. To get the rest of my things. Jaffen knows where I am. He'll come looking for me. They say you had something to do with the disappearance of a woman at the plant. And what, you helped her get home? You're pointing a weapon at me. (He puts it down.) We're going to have to do something about that arm. [Torres-Paris' quarters] My friend Jaffen. Employee one three two six. He cut himself. I know, but he's just too stubborn to go to the hospital. I promise I'll have it back first thing in the morning. (Seven sees the supervisor leave his office.) Voyager? You live onboard? Don't you ever want to stay in one place? I've got a good job. My job's challenging enough. Why would I want all that responsibility? (Chakotay's sub-dermal communicator chirps three times.) What's that? Why did you call me captain? That's absurd. So what are you saying, that I was brought here by force too? That my memories were manipulated? Helping you was a mistake. We're the same race. She's a member of his crew. No. Yes? No. Why? Jaffen. He said he was from a starship, and that members of his crew had been abducted. Chakotay said he had proof of my real identity aboard a ship called Voyager. When his crew contacted him, they were using a triaxialating frequency on a covariant subspace band. I'm going back to the plant to try to contact this ship. I understand if you don't want to be involved. Starship Voyager Why don't you just call me Kathryn? Hospitalised. [Power Distribution Plant]  He told me you had proof of who some of us really are. You're the woman who was abducted. Jaffen? Never occurred to me. We need to shut down the main generators. [Bridge] Maybe we don't have to. If I can make the computer think the core is going to overload, the main power should automatically shut down. [Quarren Medical Facility] Come on, do it. I'd offer you a position. I could always use another skilled Engineer. But as the captain, it wouldn't really be appropriate for me to Promotion? Congratulations. You deserve it. I won't need souvenirs to remember you. (They embrace.) [Bridge] It may not have been real, Chakotay, but it felt like home. If you hadn't come after me, I never would've known that I had another life. Not for a second. Resume course, Mister Paris.
All right, let's stake a claim. I'll leave this in your hands,  B'Elanna. Use whatever resources or personnel you need. You might want  to talk to Mister Neelix. I believe he spent some time working in a  mining colony.  Where is she now?  Any luck in getting a transporter lock on them?  (A young lady is at Kim's station.)  Tom, I'm sending an away team down to you. We'll get Neelix  out of there, then go after B'Elanna. Tuvok, you're with Chakotay.  Good work, Doctor. Will this treatment help B'Elanna as well?  As soon as the away team gets back, I'll send her straight to  you.  As a matter of fact, I didn't.  I'm sure B'Elanna will appreciate your efforts, Doctor. [Cave] (Torres  is curled up in a corner.)    Your call sounded urgent.  The Borg! <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Computer, locate Neelix.  It's two in the morning, Ensign. This better be more than a little turbulence. On screen. Shields. (The alien object from the teaser appears.) Evasive manoeuvres. Say good morning to thirty million terajoules of subspace energy. Go to warp. Do it. (The object glides past Voyager.) I recognise this anomaly too. It's called a graviton ellipse. According to the Federation Database it travels through subspace, emerging occasionally without warning. Ellipses have only been observed a handful of times. Go to yellow alert. Keep our power output at minimum levels. Match it's course and speed but maintain a safe distance. Make it fast. There's no telling when our visitor's going to burrow back into subspace. [Astrometrics lab] Or what's left of it. Then we have to work quickly. Harry, B'Elanna, help Seven modify the Flyer's shields. Tom, review the database from the Ares Four mission. It might tell us something about this anomaly we've missed. We're going to need a mission leader. I thought you might. Let's do it. (Everyone gets up and leaves, except Seven.)JANEWAY: Something on your mind, Seven? But the Delta Flyer's a little more advanced than the Ares Four was. We'll be taking every precaution. I appreciate your concern but, this is my call. I can't argue with that. If scientific knowledge was all we were after, then the Federation would have built a fleet of probes, not starships. Exploration is about seeing things with your own eyes. In this case, we're exploring the past. By making us part of it. In the same way that excavating the obelisks of ancient Vulcan, or finding the shroud of Kahless made those explorers a part of their history. Here's the crux of it. As a Borg, you didn't study the past, you ingested it. You've never really developed an appreciation for humanity's history. Maybe this is an opportunity to do some exploring of your own. Let's just say I'm encouraging you to volunteer. [Astrometrics lab] KELLY Harry, keep your finger on that tractor beam in case we have to pull them out. Harry. We're all ears. What do you make of it, Seven? Any sign of the Ares command module? We just had a big jolt out here. By our estimate you have five hours thirty six minutes before the anomaly returns to subspace. [Delta Flyer] JANEWAY That's the third one in an hour. Something has to be attracting it. I think it enjoys being unpredictable. So what could generate an EM field large enough to get it's attention, but still not show up on sensors? Realign the sensor array to scan for EM fluctuations. Bingo. Time to impact? Janeway to Delta Flyer, we've [Delta Flyer] JANEWAY You don't have it. Get out of there. [Delta Flyer]  Now. [Delta Flyer] They're attracting each other like a pair of magnets. Chakotay, you've got less than a minute. Chakotay, status. [Delta Flyer] The Flyer? Voyager to Delta Flyer. Voyager to Chakotay, please respond. We can't detect you. Are you all right? What's your status? Start working on it anyway. Do you have enough [Briefing room] Power to beam one of you to the module? [Delta Flyer - cockpit] Not so fast, Tom. If another gravimetric surge hits, we'll need you at the helm. Seven. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]  You read my mind. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]  Delta Flyer, report. How long do they have? Go ahead.  Acknowledged. [Delta Flyer - cockpit] The Flyer? Are we in tractor range? Take us closer. (Torres is at the helm.) Do it. Closer. Just a few more metres. Reverse thrusters, full impulse. (The Delta Flyer is pulled out of the anomaly as it goes into subspace.) Captain's log, stardate 53301.2. The away team collected over sixty teraquads of data on the anomaly. Before we begin to analyse them, we've decided to pay our respects to an old colleague. [Bridge]
I'm sorry, but do we know you? I don't know who you are, but I'm not amused. Ensign Ballard died almost We'll beam you to Sickbay. No offence. She seems to have intimate knowledge of this ship and its crew. I think we should find out who she is. Go on. Go on with your story. Kobali? You were a prisoner. It's certainly a convincing story. Until we find evidence to the contrary, welcome home. (Janeway lowers the forcefield and shakes Ballard's hand.) Doctor. (Janeway and the EMH go into his office.)  I know you're all as eager as I am to welcome Ensign Ballard back. She's a fine officer, who's shown a lot of courage and determination over the past few years. And we're lucky to have her with us again. Let's do everything we can to make her feel at home. It seems they want her back as much as we want to keep her. We'll need to take precautions in case they track her to Voyager. Very good. Well, if there's no further business. (The meeting breaks up.) You seem surprised. My mistake. [Corridor]  I'd hardly call this dinner. My replicator decided to liquefy the pot roast. Stop trying to get on my good side and grab a slice of bread. Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. I hope you don't mind. So, how was your first day back on the job? Trust me, that's high praise coming from B'Elanna. Commander Tuvok finished his analysis of your shuttle and presented me with thirty seven different ways of repelling a Kobali attack. Why? It was funny. We're not on the bridge, Lyndsay. You have permission to speak freely. I wouldn't have said it otherwise. I'm sorry? Why, I suppose I thought you were best suited for the job. You blame me. It's okay, Lyndsay. I'm not offended. Lyndsay.  Red alert. Raise shields. On screen. If you're referring to Ensign Ballard, she's made it clear that she doesn't want to go with you. I'm willing to oblige as long as you understand that this meeting is over as soon as Ensign Ballard says it is. We jettisoned her body in accordance with our customs. She made her wishes clear. Your ship is no match for Voyager. Target the lead ship's weapons array. Reroute power to compensate. I appreciate the gesture, Lyndsay, but I'm not giving you up. You're sure this is what you want?
That was wonderful. What a lovely piece of music. I love music. I've always regretted that I never learnt to play an instrument. I'd like it very much. I'm sure I could find time for a few lessons. (Janeway takes the instrument and runs her fingers over the dome, producing a tune. She doesn't know that Jor Brel is holding his hand out flat just behind her back. Suddenly, Janeway gasps and stops.) I'm all right. I didn't realise you were offering to share it so directly. The sensation was a little overwhelming. You intended to give me a gift, and it was wonderful. I remembered lessons, and hours of practice. Were those all your experiences? Remarkable. (Over by the counter, Chakotay has picked up a pair of small metal balls from a bowl.) My experience with the Enaran's telepathy seems to be very different from yours. Jor Brel was standing near me when I received his memories. Where there any Enarans near you when you had your dreams? You've also been asleep or unconscious every time. The shared memories feel like vivid dreams to you. Can you prevent further damage? I'm giving you the next two days off duty. Use them to rest. I'll speak with Brel and find out what's happening to you. We're not suggesting otherwise. We're only trying to find out how this is happening. And according to our doctor, they're memories. We appreciate your help, Jor Brel. Well fortunately those effects are under control now. The doctor was able to suppress the memories. B'Elanna. The Enarans haven't shown any hint of subterfuge, any hidden agenda. They've been nothing but straight forward and honest. You're in no immediate danger, and they'll be gone in another day. The situation will resolve itself. I wonder how long it's been since I did anything that surprised you? I want to talk to more of the Enarans, see what they have to say. You've done enough already, B'Elanna. I want you to get some rest. You need to get away from this. We'll take it from here. Captain's log, stardate 50211.4. We're approaching Enara and preparing to host a farewell party for our guests. They've made every effort to help us understand their telepathic abilities, but it's still a mystery why they've affected Lieutenant Torres so strongly. [B'Elanna's dream - Bedroom] (Torres takes off her inhibitor and lies down on her bed. Almost immediately, she is Korenna, sitting at her dressing table.) Lieutenant. I think it's time we all understood what's been happening here. I'm going to talk to the Doctor. I want to see you in my Ready room in one hour. [Ready room] I might have done exactly the same thing. I believe that the memories you experienced were real. You tried that today, They didn't want to listen. Whatever the Enarans have done, it's not our place to bring them to justice. If they've chosen to conceal part of their history from their own descendants, that's their decision, whether we approve of it or not. We simply have no right to get involved. I've gotten a full report from the Doctor. He specifically looked for evidence to support your accusations. He didn't find any. We have no basis for a murder investigation. I've released her body to the Enarans. I've cancelled our trade negotiations as well as shore leave. We'll leave orbit as soon as the Enarans are off the ship. B'Elanna, I believe the Enaran engineers are collecting the last of their equipment right now. If there's anything more you'd like to say to any of them?
Come in. I hope you have good news, Commander. Based on this inventory, our food reserves look to be down to thirty percent of capacity. That should indicate a healthy plant life. What's bad about it? I don't think we have any choice. It's the first chance we've had to replenish our supplies in weeks. Why not? Some of these readings suggest a planet early in its evolution, almost like a primeval Earth. So it might be a wild goose chase. If we knew we'd find another M class planet soon, I'd. Set a course for Planet Hell, Commander. [Kim's quarters] (Kim is playing a clarinet when the doorbell interrupts him.)  Analysis. What is it, Doctor? Doctor. Noted, Doctor. Thank you. Tell me, just how often do you eavesdrop? I'm sure. Commander Chakotay will discuss operating protocols with you at the earliest opportunity. In the meantime, no more eavesdropping, Doctor. That's an order. Janeway to Lieutenant Paris and Mister Neelix. Please report to my Ready room right away. I have something important to discuss with you. That's what I said, Mister Paris. Janeway out. [Ready room]  Would anyone care to explain? Very well. I have a mission for the two of you. We have reason to believe that there are food sources on this planet, but we can't transport to the surface. You're going to take a shuttle down and do a little scouting. He's our best pilot, and you're our expert on edible plant species in this quadrant. There are electromagnetic anomalies in the atmosphere and I would rather have you at the helm. Am I discerning a personal problem here, gentlemen? Solve it. You leave at fourteen hundred hours. [Briefing room] At least long enough for us to beam up food supplies. Mister Paris, you and Mister Neelix will collect as many vegetables and fruits as you can while we wait for this atmospheric window to open. Mister Kim, be sure your computer simulations include [Corridor] (After the briefing, Kes is pacing when Kim and Paris walk past. Then Neelix arrives.) Can you track it?  Bring in as much help as you need. This is now a search and rescue operation. Keep me informed. I'll be in my Ready room. [Shuttlecraft] (The shuttlecraft has crash-landed.) Hail them. What do you make of it, Lieutenant? I agree. But defending what? The planet? The problem is we don't know where our shuttle went down. Recommendations? Get on it. Mister Kim, that's not an answer I can live with. Mister Tuvok, we need you to find a way to get us by that ship. Assumption confirmed. You've come up with an ingenious plan to neutralise them. Very well. Red alert. Mister Kim, set coordinates. Torres, speed at two thousand kph. Engage. [Cave] How soon will we have maximum aperture, Mister Kim? All right, Commander, let's try to draw some fire from their aft weapons systems. Bring us within ten kilometres. (The alien ship fires as Voyager flies past it.) Tuvok. Arm photons. Prepare to Commander, proceed to Mister Kim's coordinates. One half impulse. [Cave] Are their weapons systems back online already? Hold your course. We need to get through that window but prepare to take evasive action if necessary. Take us down, Commander. [Outside the cave] I'm not willing to concede that yet. Any sign of the alien ship? Mister Kim, how much longer before that window starts to close? Chakotay, extend our surveillance pattern. If we don't find them in five minutes, we'll head back to the window. We do, Mister Paris. Are you all right? Have you encountered [Bridge]  Life forms? Are they hostile? [Outside the cave]  Young? Be aware we encountered a hostile ship of unknown origin and we're showing that ship on the surface approximately one kilometre from your [Outside the cave] JANEWAY Away team, we're showing a life form moving towards your position. Prepare to transport.  Did you hear what I just said, Mister Neelix? [Outside the cave] Finished with what? We have an atmospheric window closing in less than six minutes. [Outside the cave] Days. [Bridge]  Is there a problem? I appreciate your concern for [Outside the cave] JANEWAY
Report. What's the alternative? Tuvok, enhance the shields. Lieutenant, hold our course. Harry, continue your long range scans. Let's access everything known about tetryon radiation. I want to take every precaution. All stop. Intruder alert. Show yourselves. Bridge to Chakotay. [Turbolift] A belated welcome aboard. I'm Captain Janeway. Now, who are you and what have you done with my First Officer? You must have a ship. Is it cloaked? I'm not going to hurt you, we just want to know why you (Veer stops clicking - talking without a translator - and closes his eyes.) Treat his injuries, then see if you can revive him. Examine his technology. I want to know what we're up against. [Gegen's Research Vessel] Your call sounded urgent. That's more than coincidence. Incredible! It says here that those markers appeared in hundred earth species, dating back tens of millions of. Their species evolved on Earth? I wonder how distant? Transfer yourself to Holodeck two. I think it's time we took a stroll through primeval history. [Holodeck] Let's see if we can find our closet relative. Computer, analyse the genetic markers and search Earth's fossil record. Identify any ancestors common to both humans and the alien in sickbay. Display. Yes, yes. Let's take the next step in out little stroll. Computer, what's the most highly evolved cold-blooded organism to develop from the Eryops? Display the life form. (Two metres tall, using its tail to help it stand upright.) As I recall, the Hadrosaur vanished when a mass extinction occurred at the end of the Cretaceous period. What if the Hadrosaur didn't die off? What if some of them survived that extinction and continued to evolve? Computer, run a genome projection algorithm. If the Hadrosaur had continued to evolve over the last sixty five million years, extrapolate the most probable appearance. Display life form. (A Voth.) The question is, why have we never seen him in the Natural History museums? [Gegen's Research Vessel] Mister Kim. Red alert. Shields at maximum. Hail them. Report. We're losing power. Switch to auxiliary. Arm yourselves. [Corridor] Let's get down to main Engineering. We can access the manual override from there, and I don't know. He took my First Officer and disappeared. If you want my co-operation, I suggest you release my vessel. Apparently, we're from the same place you are. Earth. My helmsman. Sounds like he's about to blast a hole in the side of your ship. Lieutenant Paris, fire. You might want to hold onto something.  [Engineering] Go ahead. Nice try, Tom.
 Anything? On screen. I'm only in a mood for good news today, Ambassador. Are you saying they're dead? Then where are they? I assure you, Ambassador, my people had nothing to do with this attack. If it will help confirm our innocence, I'll consider it. But first I want to know where my people are being held, and I want to talk to them immediately. If you want my co-operation, Ambassador, you're going to have to do better than that. Mister Tuvok, raise shields. Mister Chakotay, take the conn. I'd like to resolve this situation peacefully, Ambassador, but let me clarify my position. I will not allow this ship to be boarded. That's not going to help us get Tom and Harry back. We need to regroup. Get us out of here, Commander. I guess they're more interested in getting rid of us than finding out the truth. B'Elanna. Tuvok is right. Let's concentrate on proving Harry and Tom's innocence. We know the explosive was trilithium based. If we find the source of that trilithium, it may lead us to the real bombers. Review our sensor logs of ships entering and leaving Akritirian space during the time we were in orbit. If anybody's using paralithium for fuel, I want to find out who they are and where they went. [Akritirian prison] (By the chute. Kim is wrapping bits of wire around the metal pipe.) Open a channel. This is Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager to the captain of the Akritirian cargo vessel. (A young man and woman appear on the viewscreen. The man speaks.) Two of my crew members were convicted by the Akritirians of a terrorist bombing. We're trying to prove their innocence, and we have reason to believe a ship like yours, which uses paralithium for fuel, might have been involved in the production of the explosives. Then you won't mind if a few of my crew members come aboard to have a look around. There's no need to be abrupt. (Transmission ends.) Mister Tuvok, send a security detail to Transporter room two. Lieutenant Torres, beam the two of them aboard and tractor their ship into the shuttle bay. My people have been accused of aiding a terrorist group called Open Sky. What do you know about them? Sounds to me like your young friend here sympathises with these patriots. I don't know much about your world, but I do know that my people are being held for a crime they didn't commit and I'm going to do everything in my power to get them out. Do you understand that? Escort them to the brig. And have Mister Chakotay lay in a course for the Akritirian border. I admire your desire to protect your sister but, it's not really up to me, is it? Tell me what? I'm sorry. That's not how we do things where I come from. Mister Tuvok, see that they get a bath and a hot meal. [Zio's hovel] We've captured the ship and crew responsible for the bombing at the Laktivia canteen. I'm prepared to trade them for the immediate and unconditional release of Lieutenant Paris and Ensign Kim. Are you saying those convictions can't be reversed? No matter what new evidence is brought to light? That is an outrageous policy. Bring Vel to my ready room. Now. [Ready room]  I want the location and shield codes of the maximum security detention facility. No, as a matter of fact. But I suspect you will. Because if you don't, you and your sister are going to spend the rest of your lives in prison. I don't think you understand the way this works. You tell me what I want to know, and after I get my people back, I let you and your sister go. Mister Tuvok, inform the Akritirians that we're ready to turn the prisoners over. That's exactly why the rescue team won't be aboard Voyager. If I'm not mistaken, Mister Neelix's ship is still in our shuttle bay. Then we'll have to be very careful, won't we? [Akritirian prison] (Pit and Kim are fighting over an unconscious Paris.) Do it! Now! Where's Tom? Janeway to Neelix. Everyone's aboard. Neelix, just get us out of here. I agree. Excellent piloting. What exactly was the effect?
Once, a long time ago, I called this replicator a glorified toaster. It never forgave me. What's so funny? Find me the thermal regulator, please. How is Icheb? I don't know about you, but I'm not ready to retire just yet. (Whumph!) Janeway to the bridge. Report. [Bridge] Source? What is it? Take him into custody. How did you get aboard this ship? Oh, I didn't realise we were on a first name basis. Just when we're about to chase your ship into the Badlands, our systems start malfunctioning and, you step off the turbolift. Really? Let's try another theory. You learned Voyager had been assigned to capture you, and you managed to get on board to sabotage her. Take him to the brig. [Turbolift] (A couple of decks down, and the guards vanish.) Where are my officers? You mean about your being from the future. Nice try, but you could have read that in a Maquis intelligence file. How do you know these things? My ready room. [Ready room] My helmsman disappeared when she tried to walk down that corridor, but that doesn't prove she passed through a temporal barrier. Have Mister Kim run a full spectral analysis. For all I know, this is poison and Mister Chakotay is trying to assassinate me. (Chakotay grabs Janeway and uses her as a shield.) It isn't easy when you're holding me hostage. Now that I'm inoculated, I can go anywhere on the ship I want? Then I suppose I don't need you anymore. Voyager doesn't have an Astrometrics lab. Harry Kim? Our people? Really. What's the reason we're going to this, er, Astrometrics? Now you're trying to tell me Harry Kim invented temporal sensors? Borg? Maybe you should keep it to yourself. The Temporal Prime Directive. The less I know about the future, the better. [Corridor] We've got to get them help. I'm sorry. I don't recognise you, Lieutenant. Something tells me you weren't expecting us. How did you calculate that? The accident that occurred in your timeframe. If we could get to a section of the ship that still exists in that time period, maybe we could counteract the surge, stop it from happening. Seven? I have an Ensign Samantha Wildman on my crew.  So why are we looking for this Seven in the Cargo bay? Working? How? Bioneural circuitry. It runs through every section of the ship, almost like a nervous system. If we could inject the gel packs with your serum, we could use them to transmit the chronoton field. Work on it. Chakotay and I will see about modifying the serum. Why? Sorry, but I like my plan better. We'll be back. [Corridor]  That was an interesting experience. You mean we're going to be seeing more of them? Why do I get the feeling that's an understatement? It doesn't seem like my first command is shaping up the way I expected. I didn't know Dante's Inferno was on the Maquis reading list. My fiancé gave me that book as an engagement gift. I've never lent it to anyone. A soldier and a philosopher. Your intelligence file doesn't do you justice. [Sickbay - pre-Tuvix] I didn't realise you were programmed to be so versatile. How long have you been running? Killed? How? The Delta Quadrant? Is that what he was about to say? I'll take the upper decks, you take the lower. We'll get the job done faster. After you, Commander. [Corridor] Like you. How do you get to be my First Officer? In the Delta Quadrant? How does that happen? What the hell was that? Sounds like it's going to be one disaster after another on this ship. Including some very large germs. [Holodeck - after Bride of Chaotica] Interesting technology. Captain Proton? Doesn't sound like Mister Paris' tastes are very sophisticated. Here. I think I found the panel. Give me a hand. (They move some small rocks.) Oh, no. Hold on. Now wait a minute. I'm open to suggestions. Don't let me stop you. Were these characters always this ridiculous? Please, my liege. I meant it as ridiculous to think I would ever try to deceive you. I've come to warn you of a fiendish plot. If you don't believe us, examine their handiwork for yourself. There's a hidden panel over there behind those rocks. That vial you're holding, it's a neutralising potion. If you How could I resist your magnetism?  If we restore the time line, remind me to cancel Mister Paris' Holodeck privileges. [Transporter room - Caretaker] We're trying to undo the damage, but we need access to that panel.  That woman blamed me for stranding Voyager in the Delta Quadrant. But was she right? What reasons? Whose? In other words, I'm going to choose to help strangers at the expense of our own people. In this case, I'm second-guessing a decision I haven't made yet. [Mess hall] What happened to these people? How do you know how I like my coffee? Thanks. It's just what I needed. Tuvok? (He is badly injured. She takes his proffered hand.) Mister Paris! I can't let this happen. Not again. Voyager getting stranded. All these deaths, this entire future, it's my fault. I've got to do something to change it. Maybe we can find a way to modify Seven of Nine's plan. Put Voyager into temporal sync with my timeframe. Now that I know what to expect, I could avoid getting trapped in the Delta Quadrant in the first place. It's worth the risk. They'll still be stuck in the Delta Quadrant. If the temporal anomaly doesn't kill them, something else will. The Borg, telepathic pitcher plants, macroviruses. The Delta Quadrant is a death-trap. To hell with it. From what I've seen, they'll thank me. Really? Just what am I missing? That angry woman I just met? Are you going to be lecturing me like this for the next seven years? In that case, let's get back to work. [Corridor]  So, who is this Seska? Sounds like she's not going to be as cooperative as the others. Fine. But the next page in that book says that when diplomacy fails, we need a backup plan. Do it. Don't listen to her. Thanks. (A short time later.)TORRES: Seska and the Kazon are secure in the Jefferies Tube. The last gel packs? The rest of us should return to our sections. After Chakotay initiates the warp pulse, he should find himself back at the moment Voyager encountered the chrono-kinetic surge. He's only going to have a few seconds to reset the deflector polarity. If the time line is restored, the rest of us should have no memory of what's happened here. So I'd like to thank you now for putting your doubts aside, and helping me put mine aside as well. Good luck to each of you. (Everyone leaves.) Mind if I ask you one last question? Maybe, just a little. For two people who started off as enemies, it seems we get to know each other pretty well. So I've been wondering. Just how close do we get? See you in the future. [Bridge - pre-Caretaker]  Ensign?  What is it? Who gave that order? (Energy from the anomaly hits the deflector and is reflected away. The lights go out.) JANEWAY: Damage? Why? Which was what, exactly? Why not? So what would've happened if you hadn't turned our deflector dish into a lightning rod? Have we? But something did happen, outside the normal space time continuum. It's strange, thinking there's a piece of your life you don't know anything about. Any predictions? Then maybe you should go to the Cargo Bay, grab another one. Oh, I can't tell you. Temporal Prime Directive. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Report. Where did that debris come from? I'd like to avoid becoming part of this garbage stream. Can you find a way out? Well, be a good rat and find us the cheese, hmm? Put it through. (It is a pale alien with lots of elaborate bony bits around its face.) I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager. And you are? We're here by accident. We're trying to find a way out. Can you help us? Hail them. Thank you for your help. There's something I'd like to ask you. We've got a long journey ahead of us and I was wondering if we could negotiate passage through this underspace of yours. We pose no threat to you. We're simply trying I won't do that. (Transmission ends, and Turei starts firing at Voyager.)JANEWAY: Evasive manoeuvres. Try to disable them. Do it.PARIS: Entering the thermosphere. Increase our descent vector. Find the highest concentration of radiation, and take us through it. Now, all we need is a place to set down and make repairs. Tom? On screen. (They see the ruined city.) How long ago? This must have been a city of millions. Set us down. (Paris obeys. Voyager lands in the middle of the ruins.)PARIS: Disengaging engines. Stand down red alert. Assign damage repair teams, And Tom, make sure B'Elanna has enough help in Engineering. I want those warp engines back online. Well, they're going to go hungry. Survivors? Oversee the repair teams. If somebody survived this catastrophe they might need our help. Get a good fix on those coordinates. I don't want to beam into solid rock. Seven, Tuvok, You're with me. [Vaadwaur cave - stasis chamber]  These walls have been reinforced with tritonium. They built this place to last. Not bad after nine centuries. It's amazing they survived at all. Let's see what else we can Remind me to reacquaint you with away mission protocols. (Gedrin wakes as Janeway is scanning him. She puts her tricorder away and gets out her phaser.) It's all right. We're not your enemy. We're from a starship. We discovered this chamber and revived you. In stasis? Close to nine hundred years. Human. Our home planet is halfway across the galaxy. Our ship was brought here by accident. We're trying to get home. We needed someplace to hide from the Turei after they found us in one of their subspace corridors. So they claimed. Are they responsible for what happened to your planet? I've scanned the cavern. You've got a thousand more stasis pods down there, most of them still active. Hundreds of ships, land vehicles, weapons. You were going to rebuild? Your power core is still functioning. It was the controls that were damaged in the attack. That's why you never came out of stasis. Given the circumstances Pardon me for saying this, but that seems a bit heartless. Rain's one thing. Plasma bombs are something else. I'd bring an umbrella. You travelled all the way to Talaxia? Go ahead. We're on our way. [Bridge]  Report. We've already tried talking to them. Triangulate. Fire. We scared them off. That's enough for now. With any luck, our warp drive will be back online by then. Let's wake up your battalion. [Vaadwaur cave - central chamber] Dragon's teeth? Mister Gaul, Tuvok, start working on a tactical plan. Seven, scan the Astrometric database. See what you can find. Someplace out of the way. Our Chief Engineer will be glad to give you a hand. Well, let's get started. We've got a civilisation to rebuild. [Naomi's bedroom] I can understand that they want the odds in their favour, but isn't that overkill? Nine hundred years is a long time to hold a grudge. I can't authorise that. Starfleet protocols are very strict about the transfer of weapons. There are a lot of things you're going to have to get used to. We've faced enemies worse than the Turei. I'm confident we can handle them. I'm sorry. The answer's no. We'll continue home through open space if we have to. Yes. I need a little history lesson. I'm afraid not. I've just had a conversation with Mister Neelix and Seven of Nine. They've been poring through various databases and ha've come up with some surprising findings. You told me the Vaadwaur were a culture of merchants and scientists who expanded their knowledge by using subspace corridors to travel to other worlds. You were the envy of hundreds of species, some of whom eventually wanted the corridors for themselves. Let me give you another version of events. The Vaadwaur were an aggressive culture who expanded their territory by using the corridors to attack other worlds, until some of those worlds banded together to defend themselves and put an end to the Vaadwaur threat once and for all. Would you care to set the record straight? If we're going to be fighting side by side, I have to trust you. I need to be certain you don't have any ulterior motives. If I were to take you at your word, the ancient Talaxians might call me vaadwaur. Foolish. That's what they came to call anyone who allowed themselves to be deceived by an enemy. There are hundreds of other references just like it. Not yet, but right now it's Voyager I'm worried about. The Turei are going to be firing everything they've got at my ship. You might try to take advantage of that. We said we'd try to help you make a new start, and I want to keep that promise. But I can't ignore history, Mister Gedrin. [Bridge]  Make yourself comfortable, Mister Gedrin. Chakotay, I don't know whether to believe him or not. What I wouldn't give for a Betazoid about now. Agreed. Maintain a full security alert and have Tuvok keep a weapons lock on their primary reactor. Yes, but with a few modifications. What's Mister Gaul's location? Hail him. I need to inform you about a change of plan. I want you to deactivate the particle cannons on all but ten of your assault vessels. Then we'll proceed on schedule. Only ten of your ships are going to engage the Turei. The others will head directly for the subspace corridors. I see no reason for those to be armed. Voyager will defend them. You haven't been completely honest about your past, and that makes me a little uncertain about the present. It's not a request. You can call it an ultimatum if you like. I'm going to leave this planet in one hour, with or without you.  I don't know about the rest of you but I'm ready to get moving. What's our status? Tom, prepare to initiate the ascent sequence in (The ground shakes.) Tom? Target phasers, full spread. Phasers. Evasive manoeuvres. Reroute emergency power. We need to get into orbit. Harry, can you open a secure channel to the Turei ships in orbit? I think it's time we reacquaint a couple of old friends. Hail them. [Vaadwaur caves - central chamber] Put them through. I've got a proposition for you.  Tell me, have you been picking up weapons fire? That's because we're under attack by the Vaadwaur. They've got over two hundred ships. They said something about wanting their subspace corridors back. I suggest we join forces and try to neutralise the threat here and now. What's more important to you? Deleting the records of a Federation ship that means you no harm, or defending yourselves against hundreds of Vaadwaur fighters who are determined to invade your underspace? I suggest you pick your enemy. Tuvok, go with him. [Vaadwaur caves - central chamber] Tuvok, status. Tuvok? All hands, this is the Captain. Initiate emergency landing procedures, and arm yourselves. If the Vaadwaur board this ship, we'll fight them hand to hand if we have to. [Vaadwaur caves - central chamber] Impulse engines? How about emergency power? Harry, the radiogenic particles in the atmosphere. Could we use them as a power source? What if we drew the particles directly into our plasma manifold? Damned if we do, damned if we don't. Open the forward nacelle ports and reverse the pressure gradient. Take in six hundred kilograms. [Vaadwaur caves - central chamber] Release the manifold. Take us up. Steady. Any sign of pursuit? Altitude? Go to warp, Mister Paris.  How many ships? The underground chambers? Oh? You thought you were acting out of compassion. I might have done the same thing. But that doesn't make it right, Seven. The repercussions of this could be catastrophic. They're a resourceful species, determined. They'll adapt. I doubt we've seen the last of them. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Janeway here. I'm on my way to Engineering. I'll be with you as soon as I'm done. What can I do for you, Neelix? About? I understand, and of course I want your counsel, but right now I'm late for a meeting. Yes, I know. And I will be with you as soon as I can. [Engineering]  Sorry, I'm late. What do you have? If you're successful, will the Doctor be able to move freely around the entire ship? In the same way we can now transfer him to the holodeck. Proceed. I don't have much time. What happened? How long will it take you to correct this small oversight? Mister Kim, I have to assess our navigational plan and get ready to make contact with an alien species. I can't drop everything whenever you call. Go ahead. Yes, Mister Tuvok. Somehow I will find half an hour. Yes? About two months ago. Doctor, I know I'm a bit testy today, but I can assure you It's been a while. I have a holonovel programme. It helps me unwind. I haven't had time to run it for a few weeks. Doctor, I'm really very busy. Aye, sir. Good afternoon, my lord. Will the children be joining us for tea? Lord Burleigh, is something wrong? My lord. My lord, you'll be very pleased with the children's progress in their studies this week. Henry shows a real talent for mathematics, and Beatrice turns out to be quite musical. She's very modest about it. I've heard her several times in the music room, playing a lovely Mozart sonata. But whenever I ask her to play it for me, she won't. I think her talent should be encouraged. Would you consider lessons? Beatrice is upset. I should be with her. What's happening in this house? How can you not know that Beatrice plays the piano? Why shouldn't I go to the fourth floor? What's up there? But I am asking them. I'm worried about the children. Beatrice fantasised that her mother is still alive. Freeze programme. Janeway here. I'll be right there. Sorry, my lord. Duty calls. [Bridge] Tell me what you know, Neelix. In what way? But we aren't aggressors. Will they negotiate? Will they respond to diplomacy? On screen. I'm Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. (A shadowy, back-lit figure appears.) We didn't realise that this was your space. On what basis do you claim it? I assure you, we mean no disrespect. We are from another part of the galaxy. We're just trying to make our way home. Thank you. What are the criteria? At least they're willing to talk. I suspect it was a calculated move. An attempt to intimidate us. Commander, you have the Bridge. Mister Neelix, join me in my Ready room. We should talk about this meeting. Ate? Oh, I had some soup last night. Right. Lunch it is. [Mess hall] I know, but sometimes I just get too busy to eat. Where did these come from? No, just a funny coincidence. Something I saw on the holodeck. Thank you, Neelix. This all looks delicious. And it's bound to boost my electrolyte levels. Where did you get that cup? (Neelix pours a drink into a flowered tea cup.) It's perfectly all right, Neelix. I just have to remind myself that coincidences do happen. [Corridor] BURLEIGH  In the course of your experiments with the Doctor, have you accessed any of the holodeck programs? Where did you get this holoprojector? So you haven't worked directly with any of the projectors on the holodecks? Is there anything you've done, anything you can think of, that might have caused holographic objects and characters to appear outside the holodeck? I was sure your experiments would explain it. The Doctor pointed out that I've been under some stress. I can't ignore that. Good idea. I'll contact you from the holodeck. [Holodeck - Gothic novel]  Janeway to Engineering. Have you set up the diagnostic? Go ahead. It's a costume. Computer, delete character. Recalibrate and try it again. I'm going to check something else. No, I'm fine. But I wanted to ask you about lunch. It was delicious. I was just trying to remember all the dishes you made. There was the Seltin pate. The neccel strips. The devilled throk. And the cucumber sandwiches. Weren't there cucumber sandwiches? And the cup you served my tea in? I thought it had flowers on it. It's all right, Neelix. You've told me what I need to know. [Sickbay] Could it be stress? Yes. It was interesting. I'm not sure how relaxing it was. Someone was walking your grave. It's just an old saying on Earth. A way of describing an odd feeling like that. It's human expression, Doctor. I'd think you'd have heard it. Doctor. Doctor. Who do you see here? And I see you. But I also see a little girl from my holodeck programme. (Kes walks in. She straightens up, closes her eyes, then the image of Beatrice rushes into Janeway.) I'm not sure. The image of the little girl suddenly rushed at me. As though you became a mirror. You reflected her back toward me.  Vegetable bouillon. No, cancel that. Coffee ice cream. (She starts to eat the indulgence food, then hears a noise.) Hello? Is anyone there? Computer, is there anyone in these quarters except me? Who's that? Mark. (A small dog yaps. Janeway puts on the bedroom light, but there is no one there.) Computer, open the door. (The door opens. Mrs Templeton enters, holding a long knife.) Janeway to Security. Intruder alert.  Security to the Captain's quarters! Tuvok, please respond! I think Neelix can help you. No one knows much about the Botha, but he has some information. You'll probably want him on the Bridge with you when their ship arrives. I'm not sure how Torres and Kim are coming. You know they're trying to find a way to transfer the Doctor out of Sickbay. It's not a priority, but you might want to stay on top of it. Let's see. There was a problem with one of the deflector shields. You'll want to follow up on that. And Stellar Cartography was hoping for a review of their latest report. I think Tuvok wanted to discuss something about weapons storage. Thank you, Commander. Just be sure to report to me after you meet with the Botha. What did you see? That's right. Your telepathic abilities must be increasing.  I can't stay here. Sorry, Doctor. If we're in trouble, my place is on the Bridge. [Bridge] You're not getting one. The Captain is fine. Mark. Mister Paris, who do you see on the viewscreen? Mister Kim, shut down visual. Mister Tuvok, do a multiphasic scan on those ships. I want any evidence of defensive weakness. And prepare the forward photon torpedoes for launch. Tuvok. Tuvok? Tuvok, answer me. Tuvok! (Tuvok is still.) Janeway here. It's happening her too.  A psionic field has a psychoactive effect. That would explain the hallucinations.  Notify the Doctor. If the field is bioelectric, he might have some ideas how to neutralise it. Commander, give Lieutenant Torres a hand in Engineering. Mister Neelix, if the crew ever needed a morale officer, now's the time. See if you can help. (Chakotay leaves.) Mister Kim, remodulate the shields on a rotating frequency. (But Kim is lost.) Janeway to Kes. Can you come to the Bridge? I think we could use you. Paris, are you still with me? I'll work on the shields. I suggest you don't look at the viewscreen. I'll find out. Chakotay to Janeway. Chakotay to the Captain. Please respond. Chakotay to anyone on the Bridge. Kim, Paris, anybody. We may be the last ones left. I can't remodulate the shields. Try moving us out of here. If we can get some distance between us and those ships, we might be able to block the effects. Tom? Tom? Janeway to Engineering. Janeway to Torres. Are you there? Engineering respond. If anyone in Engineering can hear me, I'm on my way. Computer, put the Bridge controls on security lockout. [Turbolift] (Chakotay is in there, standing very still.) Deck eleven. I don't know who you are, what you are, but I won't let you touch me. I haven't been unfaithful. Why did you do this to us? Is it just telepathy, or is there technology involved? Oh, it matters to me, because I don't intend to let you continue preying on others. We could destroy your technology. Or adjust your brain wave patterns to prevent telepathy. And then we could turn you over to the government of Mithren. We could even keep you confined in our brig behind a force field. I thought, after our recent experience, that I'd take a break from fantasy for a while. It seemed that way. He had uncanny ability to bring buried thoughts out into the open. Why? I know. Me too. But, in a way, maybe he did us all a favour. Maybe it's better to look those feelings in the eye than to keep them locked up inside. Good night, B'Elanna. Sweet dreams.
If you're bored, Mister Paris, I'm sure I can find something else for you to do. The warp plasma filters are due for a thorough cleaning. What sort of ship? Harry, send a standard greeting. Try retransmitting the hail on wideband subspace. On screen. (The faint image of a large dark cube can just be made out against the black of space.) Red Alert! All stop, shields to maximum, standby all weapons. Tuvok, are they scanning us? I want to try a multiphasic scan. Tom, stand by to get us out of here in case they react. Proceed, Mister Kim. That's exactly why we're going to board that ship. This is a rare opportunity to learn as much as we can about Borg technology. If we're lucky, we may find a weakness we can use against them, in case we run into one of their fully manned and powered ships. Tuvok, assemble an away team. Tom. Take us into transporter range. [Bunker] The question is, why have the Borg left one of their ships and all it's technology adrift in space for anyone to find? Tuvok, continue scanning for any Borg vessels in the vicinity, as well as any other ships that might be more powerful. B'Elanna, you and the Doctor get started on that autopsy. In the meantime, I think it would be a good idea to rendezvous with Commander Chakotay a little ahead of schedule, and let him know we've run into some old friends. [Bunker] (Chakotay tries operating the door controls, then knocks on the door itself.) Can you locate the shuttle? What about their comm. badges? Voyager to Commander Chakotay, do you read? Ensign Kaplan, this is Captain Janeway. Come in. You can't be serious. All right. With all due respect, Doctor Frazier, you were one harmonious family bent on the violent assimilation of innocent cultures. Tell me how, exactly. I'm afraid we don't have anything like that. They want us to reactivate a Borg ship? There's no telling what would happen if we turned on one of those generators, even for an instant. For all we know it would attract other Borg vessels. Doctor Frazier, I admire your tenacity, I respect your courage. I'll give you medical supplies, I'll assist you with upgrading your security, I'll even take some of you with us if you want to come, but, as to what you're proposing, I have to tell you I'm extremely sceptical. In fairness however, I will give it some further thought. What do you think? You got to know them very well. And in all the time you were linked you never sensed anything negative? No hidden agenda, no destructive intent? Bottom line. Do you think we should do what they're asking? Not only would it mean imposing a choice on thousands of people who had no voice in the decision, but it would also be taking a terrible risk. Helping to create a new collective. Who knows what the repercussions might be? Try hailing them. Tom, lay in a pursuit course. Tell Neelix we'll rendezvous with his shuttle later. [Shuttlecraft] Take us out of here slowly. Mister McKenzie, full power to the shields. Arm all phaser banks and prepare to fire. Get us out of here. (The Cube goes KaBOOM!) Report. Let's hear it. And there are no residual traces of the link? How were they able to re-establish a connection? I thought their limited equipment made it impossible to form the link over great distances? Would you two please excuse us? (The EMH and Tuvok leave.) Based on what the Doctor's told us it's clear you were acting against your will. You know, Chakotay, that's a part of who you are. Given everything you believe in, I don't see how you could have behaved differently. I don't know. I'm not saying I'm happy about what happened, but so far they haven't acted like typical Borg. They saved us from that Cube, and they let you go. No, they didn't.
Welcome aboard. On a starship. Who are you? We're not interested in your knowledge of human culture. We're not part of your re-creation. I'm Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. I'm from Earth. You're not. Doctor. Since you won't tell us who you are, we have no choice but to find out for ourselves. Computer, return to time index 4228. That's Boothby. The head groundskeeper at Starfleet Academy. When I was a cadet, he used to give me fresh roses for my quarters. Whoever they are, they've gathered incredibly accurate information about Starfleet headquarters. What do we know about this artificial environment, Seven? Power source? Go ahead. On my way. If this is a training ground, it could mean they're planning an invasion of the Federation. We should prepare for the worst. See if you can find a way to penetrate their defences. [Sickbay] Was he genetically altered? Do it. (The reversion results in the massive form of Species 8472 flopping over the tiny biobed.) Species 8472. The question is, why are they training to pose as human beings? It doesn't matter how they got their data. We need to find out what they intend to do with it. Tuvok, keep working on a way to target their habitat's power source. We're going to need nanoprobe warheads and plenty of them. Seven, see to it. Tom, Harry, take him back in the Delta Flyer. Keep a constant transporter lock on him. If Species 8472 attacks Earth, the Federation won't have any defences against them, and I don't need to remind you that we have no way to warn Starfleet Command. Voyager may be the last defense against an all-out invasion of Earth. [Astrometrics lab] (Chakotay is going through the reconstruction of the habitat.) Last minute preparations? I can recommend a nice Japanese replimat on the Embarcadero. Starfleet headquarters. Brings back memories, even if it is just a re-creation. I remember my last visit there. I was given my general orders for Voyager's first mission. Proceed to the Badlands and find the Maquis. What about you? When was the last time you were at Headquarters? Which one? He taught at the Academy, didn't he? Interspecies Ethics, wasn't it? Of course. You and Tuvok were in the alien habitat for nearly three hours. Anything could have happened down there. Tuvok's already there. Given Ensign Gentry's reaction, I thought I'd be a little more tactful. [Corridor] Don't feel singled out. I've asked the Doctor to examine the entire crew. There's no telling how 8472 got their information about Starfleet. From the Borg? Earth? For all we know there's been an impostor on board. [Doctor's office] You'd better get going. Just be home before midnight. Yes. Come in. More. Replicate a new supply. Have the Doctor extract them from your bloodstream. Grow them in a petrie dish. Whatever it takes. If we do engage 8472 I don't intend to run out of firepower mid-battle. You of all people should understand that. They killed, what, four million drones? Directive zero one zero. Before engaging alien species in battle, any and all attempts to make First Contact and achieve non-military resolution must be made. In this case, we made first contact over a year ago and we barely got out of it alive. It seems to me a battle is inevitable, maybe even war. So why can't I get that directive out of my mind? Tom. Has your vessel been detected? Hold your position. Keep trying to locate him. We're on our way. Bring those Borg weapons online. Red alert. All hands to battle stations. Take us out of orbit. [Quantum Cafe] Shields to maximum. Charge weapons. All hands, this is the bridge. Tactical alert. Report to your posts and stand by to engage the enemy. Let them take a look. Open a channel. Tom, status? You're clear to dock. Shuttlebay two. Any word from Chakotay? Bring us within range. Target their weapons array. No, I don't want to risk shutting down their life support. If we can end this without casualties, so much the better. You picked a lousy time for an ethical debate. The weapons array. Now. Do the same. Mister Boothby. Good to see you after all these years. Enjoying the Delta Quadrant? I'm not going anywhere. Not until you return my First Officer and give me a damn good explanation for what you're doing in our galaxy. I've targeted your re-creation with Borg nanoprobes, and we're willing to use them if you force us to. The last time our species engaged in battle, you suffered heavy casualties. Are you willing to take that chance again? An armed conflict isn't going to solve our problems. We could go on making threats, spying on each other, risking a war between our species. Or we could try a more direct approach. How about a class reunion? [Briefing room] Obviously, you've studied a Starfleet database. You must have learned something about our history. We adhere to our directives. I told you, he took his own life. Seven of Nine is a member of this crew. I see. So you're planning a pre-emptive strike against Earth. You realise I can't let that happen. What if I told you that Starfleet isn't planning an invasion? That no one on Earth has even heard of you? Have another look at that Federation database of yours. You'll see there's no mention of your realm. Good point. You know, we could keep this paranoid debate going all day. You have no reason to trust us and we have no reason to trust you. Seven, disarm the warheads Do it, Do it. (Seven goes to the wall monitor and complies.) One of us has to take our finger off the trigger. It might as well be me. Our defences are down. What will you do now? Blow Voyager to high heavens, or do we keep talking? Voyager is alone in the Delta Quadrant. We haven't been in contact with Earth for over four years. At the time, we didn't realise the Borg had started the war against you. We forged a temporary alliance with them because we thought you were the threat. Why re-create Starfleet, masquerade as humans? It looks to me like you're the ones planning an invasion. The truth. Name them. All right, but I'll need some tactical information in return. Your genetic alteration techniques for a start. This could go a long way toward allaying their fears. Have a little faith, Seven. Tactically unsound? Perhaps. It could also be the first step toward peace. It's a risk I'm willing to take. Are you sure you won't join us? It would be your first chance to see Earth. There won't be any problems. Nothing tactical, at any rate. We're entering a stage of diplomacy where most of the problems will be cultural. How do you shake hands with an 8472? We'll be fine. I didn't. Like I said. You didn't happen to re-create a little coffee shop on Market Street, the Night Owl? Thank you, but the real Earth is a long way from here. I'd like to get back on the road. What are the chances they'll listen to you? Well, you've got Voyager's comm. frequency. You know how to contact us. I hope we can keep this process alive. Oh. (And elsewhere again.)
I'm looking for some friends of mine. Well, then, have you seen Tom Paris? There's a first time for everything. A realist. So this is the programme I've been hearing so much about. You have outdone yourself this time. Everything is authentic, except for one tiny detail. The harp on the sign. It's backwards. (True, the one over the fireplace faces right instead of left.) I hate to break up the party, but we have some business to attend to. There's a neutronic wavefront approaching. Class nine. Then we'll have to ride it out. We'll generate an inverse warp field and drop anchor. That should protect us from the turbulence. Have the doctor prepare inoculations for the crew. Go to yellow alert. Tom, B'Elanna, get started on converting the warp core. Let's batten down the hatches. [Mess hall] Just burning the midnight oil. Then it's time for a break. I could use the company. This approaching wavefront is bringing back some unpleasant memories. You know I grew up on a farm in Indiana. We used to have some terrible thunderstorms during the summer months. At the first bolt of lightning I'd bolt under the bed. Give me clear skies any day. Suggestions? Permission granted. Fair Haven's just become our port in the storm. No, thanks. I still have work to do. A cup of tea would be nice. Please. Kathryn. I'm just passing through on my way home. Five years, almost six. No. Sometimes. Thank you. Translation? I had an aunt who used to have a saying like that. A stranger is a friend you just haven't met yet. She had an Irish temper, too. She and my uncle had a place not far from here, in County Clare. You know, it's later than I thought and I've kept you long enough. I really can't, but thanks for the tea. I rarely lose. One game. And I'm not surprised. You stepped over the beer stain. You did too, by half a boot, and then you moved back, hoping I wouldn't notice. For luck. We'll see. Damn. (Her ring clatters to the floor.) Well, maybe rings aren't my forte after all. Would you care to arm wrestle? I'm stronger than I look. (They grip hands on the bar.) Not bad yourself. Well, how else do you expect me to win? Sounds good to me. (They release.) Flattery's the food of fools. No, Jonathan Swift He was an author. That's too bad. Some of the greatest writers in the world are Irish. Pleased to meet you. My ear, my elbow. Thank you very much for your hospitality and now I really must be leaving. I will. [Sickbay] Good morning, gentlemen. Holodeck. Welcome weary traveller. Ooh, high praise from a hologram. By all means.  Time? Let's see it. (Thick clouds are approaching.)JANEWAY: All hands, this is the Captain. Secure your stations and brace for impact. (The ship shakes and consoles go Bang.) Damage? Send a repair team. Maintain yellow alert. Let's hope that was the worst of it. Captain's personal log. It's been ten hours since the storm hit. We estimate another three days before we're clear of it. The crew's in good spirits, and many of them have taken the opportunity to visit Fair Haven. I met an interesting man there, and for a while I almost forgot he was a hologram. We weren't exactly compatible, but then again, Mister Paris didn't programme him to my specifications. [Holographic Research Lab]  Computer, display Fair Haven character Michael Sullivan. Adjust his parameters to the following specifications. Give him the education of a nineteenth century third year student at Trinity College. Now, access the character's interactive subroutines. Make him more provocative. Give him a more complicated personality. More outspoken, more confident, not so reserved. And make him more curious about the world around him. Good. Now, increase the character's height by three centimetres. Remove the facial hair. No, no, I don't like that. Put some back. About two days' growth. Better. Oh, one more thing. Access his interpersonal subroutines. Familial characters. Delete the wife. Pleased to meet you, Mister Sullivan. [Mess hall] I just came from there. Thank you. Eldon? No, I've never met her. I'm not familiar with her work. I'd love to. Strange place to read, though. As a matter of fact. But there's one place I haven't been yet. Castle O'Dell. Maybe he'll invite us to supper. Oh, don't tell me you believe those stories. Please. No. Why? Do you have somebody? Oh, not my type. Just getting in the spirit. Did he? [Bridge] Commander? We've still got two days. Start working on a new shield modulation. Thanks for your report, Commander. Yes. Jane Eldon. Catching up on a little reading. You can wipe that smirk off your face. It's not what you think. I have an interest in Irish culture. He's a hologram. Yes, I made a few modifications. Exactly. He is rather charming, isn't he? Too bad he's made of photons and forcefields. Them, or you? Computer, remove all characters except for Michael Sullivan. Please. I might even kiss you back. Oh, I think I've waited long enough. (So they kiss.) No. (And she falls into his arms again.) [Janeway's quarters] Thanks, Neelix, but I have work to do. Well, let's just say I'd rather stick to reality right now. Thank you. [Holodeck - Sullivan's] What's all this? Arm wrestling get out of hand, boys?  Let me guess. that someone is me. Oh, I was sure he'd be on to the next lass by now. I hope he's all right. It could be a malfunction in his behavioural subroutines. Minor improvements. You're starting to pry, Doctor. I'm not going to be climbing any trees, if that's what you're worried about. You want a confession, Doctor? All right. I've become romantically involved with a hologram. If that's possible. Well, you know the story. Girl meets boy, girl modifies boy's subroutines That's none of your business. Let's just say it was a memorable three days. Don't you? Michael Sullivan is exactly my type. Attractive, intelligent. We share the same interests. And if there's something I don't like, I can simply change it. In this case, it works. We had a picnic by the lake yesterday afternoon. Michael drifted off to sleep. His head was lying on my shoulder and I remember thinking, this is close to perfect. Then he began to snore. Did I nudge him with my elbow hoping he'd roll over and stop? Did I whisper in his ear to wake him? No. Why bother? When I could simply access the computer and alter his vocal algorithms? And that's exactly what I was about to do, when I realised that everything around me was an illusion, including him. So I left. I almost wrote him a note to say goodbye. Can you believe that, a Dear John letter to a hologram? He's not real. What do you mean? Maybe I just needed to be sure that he'd love me back. I've never been afraid of taking risks. Shields? Acknowledged. How long before we're clear? What have you got in mind? Then transfer all secondary power sources. Transporters, replicators, holodecks. Do it. Give him everything we've got. Life support, environmental controls. Scrape the residual ions off the sonic showers if you have to. (The deflector beam punches a hole through the storm and they pass into calm space.) [Holodeck - Fair Haven Street]  Come in. I'll break the news to the crew. How long will it take?  Computer, is Fair Haven character Michael Sullivan still intact? Activate him. Hello. I had some thinking to do. Yes. I'm leaving Fair Haven. Because. The situation is complicated. No. They think you're charming. I'm as ready as I'll ever be. No, I guess I'm not. I might actually be passing this way in six or seven weeks. Maybe I'll stop by the pub. Oh computer, end programme. Wait. I want to make one more modification to the character. Deny Kathryn Janeway any future access to his behavioural subroutines. Save programme. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Are there ships in the vicinity? Take us out of warp. Open a channel. She knows you, Chakotay. She knew how you'd react when you saw your son in danger. And I'd never consider letting you go into a Kazon-Nistrim stronghold by yourself. If we do this, we do it together. That's something else Seska would know, too. Do I think Seska is capable of manipulating you and me with this? Oh, yes. And knowing Culluh, I'm sure his pride was wounded when he realised the child wasn't his. It makes sense, Chakotay. It might all be true. I'm not going to resume our course just yet. I want you to think about it, Chakotay. This has to be your decision. If you choose to go after him, I know I speak for the entire crew, Starfleet and Maquis alike, when I say we'll stand behind you. [Chakotay's quarters] (Chakotay goes on a vision quest.) Well, it's nice to know we have friends in the area. Thank you, Neelix. Agreed. But I want more from Tactical, Lieutenant. I want to anticipate a trap, and I want a few tricks up our sleeves if we need them. That's a good start, Harry. It should distract them for a while. But what else can we do if we're eventually intercepted by a superior force? Please, Doctor, your suggestions on any subject are always welcome. Okay, so we can't fool them for long, but maybe it'll be long enough. It's an advantage, and we'll need every advantage we can get on this mission. Work with the Doctor on it, B'Elanna. Mister Kim. Cut power to all systems to minimum requirements. I don't want to show up on any Kazon long range scanners. Mister Paris, locate the warp signature from Culluh's ship and set a course to follow, warp two. Dismissed. Slow to impulse. Set an intercept course, Mister Paris. Have they indicated the nature of the distress? Let's go to Red alert. On screen. Janeway to Sickbay. Prepare to receive an emergency transport. Commander. Mister Tuvok, you have the Bridge. Remain at Red alert. Mister Paris, adjust our course to avoid the defence net. Red alert. Configuration of the ship, Mister Tuvok. Return fire. Begin repairs, Mister Kim. Any other sign of Kazon ships, Lieutenant? Good. We can use them. Stand down Red alert. Thank you, Lieutenant. Maintain current course. I haven't forgotten, Mister Tuvok. Very well. This seems as good a time as any. [Suder's quarters] Mister Suder. Nothing, thank you. Lieutenant Tuvok has been telling me about your progress. I'd like to know more about it, Mister Suder. What exactly would be involved? And you feel you could experiment on our airponic crops here, in your quarters? What sort of chemicals and equipment? It's an interesting proposition, Mister Suder. Let me discuss it with Kes and Lieutenant Tuvok, and I'll get back to you. Good. Let me give it some thought. Mister Tuvok has assured me I understand, Mister Suder. Excuse me. Captain's log, supplemental. None of the four Kazon attacks have caused serious damage, but the starboard ventral has been hit each time, complicating repairs on the secondary command processors. [Sickbay] Increase speed to one half impulse. Keep our port forequarter facing the line of attack, Mister Paris. Don't let them see our starboard ventral. Continuous fire, starboard phasers. Mister Kim. I don't know, but it feels like we're being pecked to death by ducks. I agree. It's time to re-examine our game plan. Mister Paris, reverse course.  How many do you count, Mister Tuvok? Time to intercept. You're right, it is curious. Too curious for me. I don't know what's down that avenue of escape, Mister Tuvok, but I like to choose my own way. Set a course to intercept their lead ship. Battle stations. Time to intercept. Mister Kim. Send in the cavalry. That only leaves four for us to handle. Janeway to Torres. [Engineering] In about a minute and a half, B'Elanna. Stand by. Hold your fire, Mister Tuvok. They may have torpedoes to waste. We don't. Take us out of warp. Power to all weapon systems. Stand by phasers. Not yet. Not yet. Now. (Voyager starts firing as it flies past.) Janeway to Torres. Initiate holo-programmes. [Engineering] Ready photons. Take us about, Mister Paris. We want a good angle on that fourth ship. Fire photon number one. Full starboard roll, evasive manoeuvres lambda sequence. Fire. (Three direct hits, and the Kazon ship goes KaBOOM. Teirna peels off his left big toe nail, then pulls a tiny needle from it) Come about to one four three mark zero six zero. Ready photons, dispersal pattern sierra. Fire. (Teirna sticks the needle into himself, and screams as he explodes. The fireball blasts a hole through to Suder's quarters next door and barrels along the corridor.)  B'Elanna, are you all right? [Engineering] Engineering, I need warp power. [Engineering] Chakotay, take the conn. Good luck, Lieutenant. (Paris leaves. A short time later a little vessel skims the side of a Kazon ship and gets shot at.) Give him as much cover fire as you can, Tuvok. Report. Begin evacuation. Janeway to Computer. Initiate self-destruct sequence. Authorisation, Janeway pi one one zero. Set at ten minutes. Hold your fire. I want to speak to Maje Culluh. Culluh, I'd like to discuss what happens now. (Culluh hits Janeway.) Allow my crew to live. They were following my orders. All right. Let's go. We've got to find water and shelter. (They head off into the rocky scrubland.) We'll divide the crew into teams. Each of you will be a team leader. Make it clear to all your people that we expect to be rescued and our job is to survive until help arrives. You're the morale officer, Neelix. You give me an answer. It's very important that this crew be given a sense of hope. That's our most important job right now. Our top priority is drinking water. Second is shelter to spend the night. Food, fuel. Look for all the basic survival requirements. We'll reconvene here in about two hours. Chakotay, Torres, you're with me. Alpha team here. The planet seems to be seismically active. Comparable to Earth several million years ago. (Voyager's engines start up. A large creature looks out from its cave.) All right people, follow me. Let's take it slow. This is the most defensible location we've seen so far. The overhang should provide us with shelter, and the breeze should keep insects away. All right, let's make camp. [Outside tunnel entrance] (Meanwhile, Neelix's team is foraging. Hogan is by a hole in the rocks that has a skeleton lying in front of it.) Stop it. There's no time to worry about blame. Hogan was a fine officer and a good man. And our job is to make sure his death is the last one for a long time! I will not let this planet destroy my crew. Kes, see to it that everyone knows the tunnels are off-limits. I want clear safety protocols established. Mister Tuvok, we need weapons. What's our food and water status? Do it. Then tell the crew to start turning over rocks. (She does so and finds some worms.) If anyone balks at eating these, tell them it's an order from their captain. They may be the difference between life and death. [Sickbay]  Huddle together in groups. That'll preserve body heat. This is no time to be shy. Tuvok. (Kim and Torres enter carrying ostrich-sized eggs.) Take them to Neelix and tell him to hold off on the beetle stew, at least for the time being. How's she doing, Samantha? Maybe she's just adjusting to the environment. After all, she was born in space. Make sure you stay close to the fire, as soon as we have one. Don't be so hard on yourself. None of the others have had any success with it either. Must be the wood. What? We can't wait until morning to go after them. Take as many crew members as you need. [Planet surface] (Morning. Neelix and Kes are sitting in the middle of a circle of squatting locals dressed in skins. One moves forward and strokes Kes' hair. Another pushes him away and beats his chest like a gorilla.) Let me get her some water. [Outside camp]  The baby needs water. Chakotay's team should have been back by now. We'd better look for them before it gets too hot. Get a few people together. I'll join you in a second. [Tunnel] (The natives start a brush fire to smoke them out.) He may have had no other choice. Who are the fastest runners here? Anyone else here who can run? Okay. You three will be the sprint team. Once you reach our camp, you should be safe. [Tunnel] Pull this. [Cave] (A crewman slips on the ledge and hangs by his fingertips above the serpent. It stirs as they pull him back up.)  Chakotay! Tuvok! [Cave] KIM  Move. Let's go. Go! Go! Go, go! [Tunnel]  Come on, come on. Go! I don't like the sound of that, Lieutenant. We may have to coexist with these aliens a long time. I think our top priority has just been dictated. Break camp. We've got to get out of here before it blows. [Sickbay] (Seska enters with two guards.)  This way. (The tribe are also on the move. A female calls out and another turns and screams. The first female is trapped by lava on a rock. Chakotay goes down to help her.) Well done, Lieutenant.  Mister Kim, is this ship capable of sustained flight? Good. Take us away from our new home and set a course for the old one, Mister Paris. Warp eight. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I've been too busy. More or less. Mostly less. No, but they're not getting any better either. They're like hot needles driving into my skull. It certainly is right now, There must be some easier way to do this, Doctor. A hypospray, maybe? I'm here, Chakotay. What is it? On my way. (Janeway gets off the massage table, holding a large towel around herself.) I know what you're going to say, Doctor, but I can't neglect my responsibilities. Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I'm a little too tired to concentrate on stellar phenomenon right now. I'll leave this project in your capable hands.  [Engineering] Dismissed. Lieutenants Paris and Torres, I'd like to speak with you for a moment. (Tuvok walks past Paris.) I don't usually pry into the personal lives of my crew, but in this case I have to question your recent conduct. Tuvok? I haven't heard a word from Tuvok. You two have been making enough of a public display that half the ship is gossiping about it. You are senior officers and I expect you to maintain the standard for the rest of the crew, but this adolescent behaviour makes me question my faith in you both. If you choose to pursue a relationship that's your business. But you consider yourselves under orders to use better judgment about it. Is that understood? Dismissed.  [Chakotay's quarters] What's the prognosis? We spent several hours near a binary pulsar that was emitting intense gamma radiation. At this point we can't rule out anything. I'm going to take a closer look at the data we collected. He's right, Chakotay. I'll keep you informed. Use whatever you need, and ask B'Elanna to give you a hand. I don't need any more lectures about working too hard, Doctor. Chakotay's the one who needs your attention right now. What happened to B'Elanna? What about the Doctor? We'll only activate that as a last resort. I want to ...(inaudible)] Seven? Seven? Keep me informed.  [Holodeck two - da Vinci's workshop] That's a matter of opinion. What is it? The Doctor? Inform me of any progress. There's one more thing. The incident with Tom and B'Elanna's started me thinking about ship's protocol, or lack thereof. It seems to me that people have been getting a little too comfortable around here lately. They're late for their duty shifts, taking mess hall privileges during non-designated hours. And a lot of people are spending more time on the holodeck than they are at their posts. You are Security chief. Don't thirteen department heads report to you every day? Well, straighten them out. Maybe the Doctor was right. I think I do need a vacation. Crazed is more like it. I haven't felt this anxious since my first day of command. (doorbell) Remind me to lower the volume on that door. Come in. What's wrong? Ask Ensign Kim to lend you a hand. (The aliens twist the needles in Janeway's head.) Is that all? When this mutation crisis is over, I think I'll spend a few days in renaissance Tuscany. There's a little inn outside Siena I've been wanting to try. Keep on trying to disable the tags. Let me know when you're ready. Good. Keep me informed. (Tuvok and Seven leave.)JANEWAY: Who are you? And what the hell are you doing to my crew? Tests? I'd call them mutilations. What kind of work is that? From where I stand you're a hostile invasion force. I want to know how long you've been here and exactly what you've been doing to us. Oh, how convenient. That way you never have to face your victims. What I've been through for the last few days certainly hasn't felt benign. I'm sure you'd see things differently if your people were the ones being subjected to these experiments. If necessary. That's where you're wrong. (Janeway lowers the forcefield and steps into the cell.)JANEWAY: What you're doing isn't self-defence. It's the exploitation of another species for your own benefit. My people decided a long time ago that that was unacceptable, even in the name of scientific progress. Not much. Sorry. These lab rats are fighting back. You may find that you've underestimated us. You can't possibly expect me to accept that. Are you telling me there is no way to disable the tags? They can't be everywhere all the time. We have got to find an advantage. How is that possible? Then try something else. We'll transport her to Sickbay. This ends right now. (to helmswoman) You're relieved. I'm running a little experiment of my own. Red alert! (She flies Voyager towards the twin pulsars.) Understood. No. Keep going. It certainly is. Flying into a binary pulsar? It seems like I'm trying to crush this ship like a tin can. You're welcome to stick around and find out. Our course is locked in. Only my authorisation can release it. That's what you are trying to accomplish, wasn't it? Hmm? Pumping up my dopamine levels to push me to the edge? Keeping me awake for four days straight with the constant pain of your devices drilling into my skull? Well, this is the culmination of your work, and guess what? You're going to be right here to collect the final data. I don't think you realise that you are not in control here anymore. Go ahead. Without us, you won't be able to prevent this ship from being torn apart by the pulsars. And even with my crew working together, I'd say the odds of us getting through this are, what, one in ten? I'm willing to take that chance. Are you? (Takar disappears.) I can't break us free of the gravitational forces. No. If we go in, we go in full throttle. Assuming we survive we'll need all the momentum we can get to reach escape velocity on the other side. Everyone hang on. I hope you were exaggerating about those odds, Tuvok. I've lost helm control. Well, let's hope we've got enough speed.(Voyager whooshes out the other side and into clear space.) I never realised you thought of me as reckless, Tuvok.
Personal log, Stardate 48546.2. Our journey home is several weeks old now, and I have begun to notice in my crew and in myself, a subtle change as the reality of our situation settles in. Here in the Delta Quadrant, we are virtually the entire family of man. We are more than a crew and I must find a way to be more than a captain to these people, but it's not clear to me exactly how to begin. [Engineering] (Janeway comes out of the turbolift and walks past a crewman gazing out of an observation window in the corridor, then into Engineering.) At the Academy, we are taught that a captain is expected to maintain a certain distance. Until now, I've always been comfortable with that distance. (Torres spots her from the upper catwalk.) Not an inspection, Lieutenant. A stroll. Carry on. Maybe this is just the way it works. Maybe the distance is necessary. Maybe more than ever now, they need me to be larger than life. [Mess Hall] JANEWAY Gentlemen. As you were. So, has Neelix concocted anything interesting this morning? We shouldn't judge him too harshly. He is helping us conserve replicator energy. Well, I'll see you at duty call. (Janeway leaves.) Neelix? [Kitchen] (He doesn't appear to be around, so she enters and explores the various bubbling pots and pans.) No. No, it's the same colour I always wear. Neelix. Do we have any coffee left? I don't want something even better. I want coffee. Never mind. I'll use one of my replicator rations for coffee. I beg your pardon? Well, thank you for reminding me. Fine. Give me your even better than coffee substitute. Just coffee. On my way. Janeway out. Tomorrow maybe. (Janeway leaves her cup, so Neelix drinks it.) [Bridge] Yes, Commander? Yes, there was. Put it on screen. Magnify. Are you thinking we could collect these omicron particles to provide an additional antimatter reserve, Lieutenant? Senior bridge officers, report for duty. Commander, set a new course. There's coffee in that nebula. (Paris and Kim enter.) Exploring this nebula should raise some spirits around here, don't you think, Commander? You're closer to the crew than I am. How bad is it? I'm worried about them. I wish we had a counsellor on board, but the nature of our mission didn't require one. Animals? Is there a different animal guide for everyone? Let me guess. Yours is a bear. You strike me as the bear type. Okay. If not a bear, then what? But he guides you well? Can one just choose their own animal guide? Slow to one third impulse. You've got a date. Analysis, Mister Kim. Mister Paris, any problems for navigation? Mister Tuvok, can you find us a rich deposit of omicron particles in there? Set coordinates. Engines at one quarter impulse. Engage. (Voyager heads into the pinky purple swirly thing.) Cause? Engineering, could the magnetic field from our impulse engines be attracting this dust? [Engineering] Acknowledged. Engage thrusters. [Bridge] Ahead, slow. Mister Tuvok? How far to your omicron particle deposits? Maintain course and (Judder!) Report! Is it natural or artificial? [Engineering] How far are we from the particles, Lieutenant? It's conceivable this energy barrier is related to those particles. Mister Kim, if you can get a transporter beam through the barrier Miss Torres, do we have enough power to take the ship through the barrier? [Engineering] All right. Maximum shields. Engage full thrusters for four seconds and then drop to one quarter. What do you make of it, Mister Tuvok? Red alert. Try reversing the shield polarity. Mister Tuvok? Clarify. Are we under attack? Go ahead. [Engineering] A drain? Why would we be losing energy? Do it. This is not what I had in mind. Mister Paris, take us back through the energy barrier and out of here. Full thrusters. Engineering, I need more power.  [Engineering] Proceed. And no way to replace them after they're gone. [Engineering] Give me a two second blast from the forward phaser bank. Mister Paris, assuming we can breach the energy barrier, it's likely to close as fast as the first time. Align coordinates along ship's heading. Fire. (Whoosh. A hole opens up ahead of them. The ship shakes.) Stand down red alert. Take us to two thousand kilometres off the perimeter and hold position. Get a sample of that matter off the hull for Lieutenant Torres to analyse. I'd like to know what it was that humbled every defence system on this ship. How much of our energy reserves did we lose, Ensign? I'm just going to have to give up coffee. That's all there is to it. [Kim's quarters] (Harry is in bed when someone enter and pulls off his eye mask.) Come in. Good. Let's plan an oh seven hundred departure. What's this? Will it help me find my animal guide? Now? Now. (Chakotay goes up the step to the informal area by the window, puts his bundle on the low table and sits on the floor. It takes a moment for Janeway to take the hint and join him.) Akoonah? I know this place. It's Yes. What do I say? I'm sorry. I should've asked the computer for no interruptions. Come in. (Chakotay wraps up his bundle as Torres enters.) The Commander was introducing me to my animal guide. Microscopic life forms from the nebula. I need to know if we did serious harm to this life form. Computer, mute audio. Isolate that concentration of omicron particles we were tying to get to. Mister Tuvok? Is it possible they're leaking out through the breach we made? It's also a logical conclusion that all of the phenomena we've encountered were actually this life form's natural defence systems. So it seems very clear that we've severely hurt an innocent life form. How do we repair the harm we've done? Computer, resume audio. Any ideas how we could stimulate regeneration? Commander, take us to yellow alert and advise the crew that we're going to re-enter the life form. Mister Kim, review all systems in light of our first experience and see if you can provide new safeguards. Tuvok, your job is to find some modification of the shields that will hold off this life form's natural defence systems. We begin at thirteen hundred hours. Dismissed. [Mess Hall] (Neelix delivers a meal tray to a table.) Come in. Not a monster, Neelix, but it is a life form. No joke. Because we hurt it, and we have to help it recover. And I thought you were a man of unlimited talents. All our crews are busy preparing for this mission. I'm not pulling them off their duties to prepare your ship for launch. And I'm not going drop you off on the side of the road every time we hit a bump. When we finished, if you want to leave that's your business, but for the moment, find yourself a seat with a good view, because just like Jonah and the whale, you're going in. Dismissed. That's a Starfleet expression for get out. [Bridge] Disengage impulse engines. Engage thrusters one third. Red alert. Mister Kim? Without causing further harm to the creature? Very well. Hold your course. Magnify. Engineering, ready your nucleonic beam. [Engineering] Mister Paris, bring us into position. Report! Will they hold? Engineering, initiate emergency shutdown of all thrusters. We have no choice. Do it. Reset IDF baseline at three zero zero and reinitialise. All stop. Damage report. Have you any idea where we are, Mister Paris? Let's hope it has a slow digestive process. We need to get back to the wound without causing a response from its defence systems. Suggestions? Mister Kim, are you showing omicron particles in these currents? If the currents are distributing omicron energy throughout the life form, the circulatory system might pass right by that wound. Use the reaction control thrusters in drift mode only, Mister Paris. I appreciate the thought, Neelix, but this is hardly the time. Don't push it, Neelix. Well done, Mister Paris. Take us gently out of the current. Stay in RCS drift mode. Miss Torres, prepare your nucleonic beam. Let's give the wound [Bridge] Two doses to start. Five bursts at a two second interval. Now. Analysis. [Engineering] Suture? You like dogs, Mister Paris? I like dogs, too. When I had to clean out a cut on my dog's leg, I needed to create a little diversion first to take her mind off it. Mister Kim? Prepare a class four microprobe. Lieutenant, if I gave you a short burst from our thrusters, would it be enough for you to manoeuvre into the breach in ten seconds? Once we launch that probe as a diversion, you might have ten, maybe even less than that. Mister Kim, status? Set coordinates for launch at one sixty mark seven zero. Cut power after five hundred metres. I don't want to hurt this life form again. Engineering, I'll need a one second burst from our aft [Engineering] JANEWAY Launch microprobe. Thrusters. [Engineering] Maintain position. Engineering, direct two nucleonic beams fore and aft, parallel to the central axis of the ship. [Engineering] Hold position. I am aware of that, Mister Tuvok. Hold position. Engineering, ready full thrusters. Mister Paris? Disengage nucleonic beam. Fire thrusters. [Engineering] Now, Mister Paris. Actually, I'm going to talk to an animal and then turn in. Something Commander Chakotay taught me. It's supposed to be quite therapeutic. You might want to ask him about it. What is it, Ensign? Join you where? [Sandrine's] (Chakotay and Paris are playing pool.) As you were. Well, this is remarkable. Mister Kim tells me this is your doing, Mister Paris. You would have changed it and I would've missed all the fun. (Gary whispers to Torres.) Is this pool or billiards? Right. Pool's the one with the pockets. Would you mind if I gave it a try? Commander Chakotay, your stick? A cue. All right. So what do we do? Do I go first? (Paris allows Janeway to break. Three balls head into pockets.) Solids. Eight ball in the side pocket. JANEWAY
 Wormhole? It leads to sector zero zero one. That suggests a lifeform. Neutrino flux? A direct route to Earth's doorstep, out of the blue. What's wrong with this picture? Go to yellow alert. Prepare a class five probe. Let's see what's really out there. Daily log, Seven of Nine. While we failed to locate a new source of deuterium, our mission had educational value for at least one member of the crew. [Delta Flyer]  You're back. I was beginning to worry. Never bet against the house. The probe we sent in has already picked up faint signals from the other side. If it'll make you feel better, run a diagnostic. In the meantime, let's maintain course. [Ready room]  Come in. Then there's nothing to worry about. I thought so too, until I received this. It turns out those faint signals we detected were communiqués from Starfleet. They assure me the neutrino flux is nothing to worry about. No time. The wormhole might destabilise. I have another one for you. He who hesitates is lost. I thin we're avoiding the real issue here, Seven. You're still feeling uncomfortable about returning to the Alpha Quadrant. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Trust me, you're going to thrive on Earth, just as you've thrived on Voyager. Yes? Mark. Apparently his engagement was broken off. What about you, any news? Oh, Chakotay, congratulations, but it's not fair. How can I be expected to manage the ship without you? Captain's log, stardate 52542.3. Long range sensors have identified a wormhole leading to the Alpha quadrant. Unfortunately, secondary scans have revealed that it's some kind of elaborate deception. The question is, who's attempting to deceive us and why? Captain's log, supplemental. We've begun to receive faint telemetry from our probe. I don't want to get the crew's hopes up but B'Elanna thinks it may be a message from Starfleet. I'm beginning to wonder if my earlier scepticism was justified. Captain's Log, supplemental. I've set a course for the wormhole. With any luck, we should be back in the Alpha Quadrant in a matter of days. [Corridor] Maintain course. When we reach Earth's orbit, lay in a descent trajectory. North American continent. Starfleet Headquarters. [Astrometrics lab]  What's our distance, Tom? Go ahead. Make it fast. We don't want the Borg to crash our welcome home party. [Cargo Bay two]  Security's on their way, Chakotay. What happened? Try to disable it. [Cargo Bay two] Keep trying. [Cargo Bay two] Janeway to Security. [Engineering] I’m sending an EM surge to that station. Seven's going into stasis whether she likes it or not. [Engineering] Take us in. (But they are entering the lightning nebula, not the tranquil blue wormhole that they can see. It is a rough ride.)JANEWAY: Report? It's beautiful. Steady as she goes.(Neelix sees Starfleet Admirals in a corridor, smiling and waiting to shake hands with him. Janeway, Kim and Paris see Earth turning beneath the ship. In reality, there is nothing there except a giant tunnel with energy playing around it. Everyone is unconscious. Tuvok dreams that he is meeting his wife, T'Pel, in a corridor [Engineering] (Naomi carefully steps over unconscious crew in the corridors. She has a cut on her face, and walks straight Scan the wormhole. Find out what went wrong. Bridge to Engineering. Seven? What's going on? [Engineering]
Locate the source. See if you can get it back. Harry, can you clear the interference from that message? They're communicating with us. That's a big step. Can you tell which one? Set a course, Tom. We'll deal with that if we have to, but I'm not going to lose this opportunity. We're going to find out what the rest of that message says. [Hirogen ship] (Skulls of various lifeforms adorn the wall.)VOICE [OC] This is Starfleet Command to the USS Voyager. If you are receiving this message please study it carefully. This kind of speculation can be intriguing, but be careful about setting yourselves up to be disappointed. I imagine there were quite a few celebrations when people got the news. At the very least, we know the relay stations extend almost all the way to the Alpha Quadrant. If Starfleet has found a way to use them to transmit messages, we'll be able to stay in constant contact with people at home. That has to be comforting. Report. That station is still two light years away. How could it project a gravimetric field this far? On screen. As soon as we're close enough, beam the body to Sickbay. I want to know how he died. [Sickbay] How long ago did this happen? Return the body to his ship. His people may be able to retrieve him. When we get closer to the station, we can use the data processors in Astrometrics to download the message. Go ahead. Okay. [Astrometrics lab] We'll see if we can download the message from here. Don't worry about the sequence. Get it out in bits and pieces if you have to. We can put it together later. How much we miss you. We talk about you often. Wondering about your day. Sounds awfully personal from Starfleet Command. The children have grown so much you wouldn't. These are letters. These are letters from home. (Later, Janeway hands some PADDs to Neelix.) You'll be the official mail carrier, Neelix. We'll get you the letters as quickly as we can download them. This is the closest they've come to their families in almost four years. By the time you've delivered them, we should have more. What do you mean? Encrypted? Can you retrieve any of it? Well, I might just hope that it contains a plan for bringing us back to the Alpha Quadrant. I'm curious, Seven. What do you think about all this? Messages, the possibility of getting home? You realise you may have family there? You could have cousins, grandparents. There might be more emotional resonance than you think. [Bridge] Yes. Seven just downloaded it. I'll be in my ready room. Come in. If we could get near enough we could try to stabilise the containment field. But I can't risk taking the ship in any closer. I'd want Commander Tuvok to go with you. It isn't my custom to send an away team of one. Go ahead. He's on his way. [Astrometrics lab] Come in. That's good news. I've learned a few interesting things about that relay station. It's generating as much energy every minute as a typical star puts out in a year. If nobody shows up to protest, I'd like to stay here for a while. Try to find the answers to some of these questions. This is the kind of archaeological puzzle that's always fascinated me. Want a cup? It was from Mark, the man I was engaged to. He told me about the litter of puppies my dog had, and how he found homes for them. How devastated he was when Voyager was lost. How he held out hopes we were alive longer than most people did until he realised that he was clinging to a fantasy. So he began living his life again. Meeting people, letting go of the past. About four months ago, he married a woman who works with him. He's very happy. Well, I knew he'd eventually move on with his life. But there was such a finality to that letter. What is it? What kind of ship? Hail them. I'm Captain Janeway of the starship Voyager. You have two of my crew on board. Not without my people. I'm prepared to offer you something for their safe return. Surely we can come to an agreement? We don't run. Give me my people and we'll do just that. Then get ready for a fight. Red alert. [Hirogen ship] Bridge to Torres. How much longer? [Astrometrics lab] How are you coming? Harry, let me see those ships in relation to the relay station. Maybe we can use that quantum singularity to our advantage. If we can boost the effect of the singularity, increase the gravitational pull, we might be able to stop them. Don't worry, we're going to be ready for it. Harry, create a low level warp field around Voyager. Sublight energy level. That should help counteract the gravitational pull. Then you'll have to find the right balance, won't you, Harry? On my mark, direct a level eight antithoron burst towards the station. Have thrusters ready for full reverse, Mister Paris. Do it. Try the transporter lock again, Harry. [Hirogen ship] Go ahead. Acknowledged. Hail those ships. This is Captain Janeway. Agree to retreat, and we'll restore the containment field. This is Janeway. Stop firing. You're putting yourselves in grave danger. Get a tractor beam on it. Harry, we have to risk it. Do you have them? Narrow the annular confinement beam. Reroute all secondary power to the tractor emitters. Transfer all available power to the engines. Shut down life support. Open the antimatter injectors to one hundred twenty percent. So will that black hole. Now just do it. Resume course. I'll be in Astrometrics. [Astrometrics lab] How much of the message were you able to get? How soon can we see what Starfleet had to say? Neelix can do that. Do you know why the relay network was so important to them? Well, they won't be using it any more. Come in. (Chakotay enters.) I suppose so. Want some coffee? Cream and sugar, huh? Oh, two sugars? Really? Fourth. And on a day like today, it won't be my last. Coffee - the finest organic suspension ever devised. It's got me through the worst of the last three years. I beat the Borg with it. Oh, I'm sure Voyager will be fine, but I'm worried that the crew might be a different story. I think they were hoping mail call would become a regular part of their day. Good idea. When will it be? Leave it to Neelix to come up with the right idea at the right time. Me? I'm fine. It's all right. You can say it. On top of all that, I got a Dear John letter. It wasn't really a surprise. I guess I didn't really expect him to wait for me considering the circumstances. It made me realise that I was using him as a safety net, you know, as a way to avoid becoming involved with someone else. That's right. Then again, my life is far from uneventful here in the Delta Quadrant. It's not like I would have had a chance to pursue a relationship, even if I had realised I was alone. Plenty of time. We're on our way. (Chakotay offers Janeway his arm, and they leave together.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Hail them. Are they within transporter range? Beam them directly to Sickbay. Harry, put a tractor on the shuttlecraft. Tuvok. you've got the bridge. [Sickbay] The Talaxians mourn their dead for a full week, in a specific burial ceremony. And that's just what we're going to do. I'll check Neelix's personal database, see what I can find out about the ceremony. We'll have it in the mess hall. Somehow that feels appropriate. (Seven enters.) I'm afraid so. Seven, I understand Hold on a minute, Tom, please. No one's ever been resuscitated after being dead for eighteen hours. If this procedure does work, what are the chances that Neelix would come out of it unaffected? Doctor, give Seven whatever assistance she needs. Proceed. Do it. If there's a chance we can revive Neelix, we're got to Actually, you can thank Seven of Nine. The procedure was her idea. It was necessary, to repair the necrotised tissue. I'm afraid not. The sample you collected destabilised before it got back to Voyager. If there is a next time. I've asked Chakotay to find out exactly what caused the accident, and unless we can take additional precautions I'm not sending another team into that nebula. No. You are taking some time off, and that's an order. Neelix, you've just returned from the dead. Go easy on yourself. Oh, I almost forgot. Only if you feel up to it. Could you not ferment those compotes so long this time, because last year I got a little light-headed. It's good to have you back. Indeed we do not. (Hear, hear and applause.) So am I. Here's to you, Neelix. Having fun? That's probably because you've been standing here by yourself. The rules are simple. Choose a group of people. Listen to their conversation. Then, when you feel you have something to contribute, chime in. Say something. Join the discussion. How do we know this won't happen again? The dead girl. Oh yes, very charming. I can see the family resemblance. You stand alone. Where's he going? Stop him. (Chakotay leaves.)JANEWAY: Janeway to Neelix. Neelix, respond. [Transporter room] JANEWAY Override it. Get him back. [Transporter room] (They do. Chakotay enters.)KIM
Oh! Absolutely thrilling. Tom, back us off at full impulse. I want to stay ahead of the brunt of that wave. Congratulations, everyone. Only two other crews in the history of Starfleet have witnessed a supernova explosion. Who brought the champagne? Relax, Neelix. It's a figure of speech. How'd those shield modifications hold up, B'Elanna? Good job. Chakotay, what do you say we get started analysing those carbon conversion readings? You win. I'll see you at oh seven hundred. [Janeway's quarters] (Janeway enters her quarters, and sees a bed covered in red satin sheets with heart-shaped pillows.) Janeway to security. Intruder alert. Oh, Q. Janeway to security. Intruder alert. What are you doing here? There is no us, Q. I want you out. But first, get rid of this bed. Since you won't be getting in the bed, I wouldn't worry about it. And it's going to be a while longer. Now get out. If you think this puerile attempt at seduction is going to work, you're even more self-deluded than I thought. Oh! Let me guess. No one else in the universe will have you. Really? I beat out a single-celled organism? How flattering. And totally uninterested. Sorry, but I'm busy for the next sixty or seventy years. As far as you're concerned, Q, I'm impossible to get. Janeway to bridge. I've just had a visit from Q. He's gone now. [Janeway's quarters]  But I want to be notified immediately if he reappears anywhere on the ship or if anything odd starts to happen. [Bridge]   Let's just say he had a personal request. [Bridge]   I'm not sure what he's really up to, but I have a feeling he'll be back. Janeway out. [Ready room]  Come in. Thank you. Is there something else? No. I wish I could believe he's gone for good. He wants to mate with me. Obviously, it's out of the question. And I suspect it's a smoke screen. Knowing Q, he's probably got some hidden agenda. Chakotay. Because there isn't. I'm just not interested in you. Not big enough. Captain's log, stardate 50384.2. Q's unannounced visits continue. Since I suspect he's up to something more than pursuing me, I've instructed the crew to take every opportunity to uncover his true motives. [Holodeck - Paxau Resort] (The volleyball team also give massages.) This isn't going to work, Q. He's adorable. But this has to stop. No. And I suppose you want to share your true feelings with me now. Lonely? Sorry, Q. I'm not buying it. (He passes over the puppy.) You're right. I would like to have a child someday. But not with you. I'm just not the right kind of woman for you, Q. Excuse me, but who are you exactly? Look, Miss Q, I'll save you a lot of trouble. I have zero interest in him. On my way. (Janeway gives the puppy back to Q.) I'd really appreciate it if you would take this domestic squabble off my ship. [Bridge]   Report. Get us out of here, Tom. Red alert. Tuvok, increase power to the shields. Tom, lay in a course away from that shock wave, maximum impulse. (Miss Q is leaning against the rail. Q is further along.) A star going supernova is an event that occurs once every century in this galaxy. Now we're about to witness our third in less than three days, all in the same sector. Why do I suspect you have something to do with this? Are you causing these supernovas? What's that supposed to mean? Try evasive manoeuvres. Divert auxiliary power to the shields. (to Q) You have the ability to get us out of here, so do it. Do something, Q. Q? Where have you taken me? (She tries the doors and they are locked. Then Q enters dressed as a US Civil War Union Army officer.) I don't have time for your little fantasies. Return me to Voyager. The Continuum? The last time you brought me here, it looked like some sort of way station on a desert road. Enough. The only thing that interests me right now is the welfare of my ship and crew. I'd like to make sure of that myself, if you don't mind. Stop speaking in riddles, and tell me what's going on. Start explaining. The Q who committed suicide aboard Voyager? You said it would represent an interruption to the Continuum. That it could have dire consequences. His death caused this conflict? Oh! The supernovas. I fail to see anything wonderful about a war. But our Civil War came at a time before mankind had learned to resolve disputes without bloodshed. Surely the Q have evolved to a point where you can find a non-violent way to resolve a conflict. What do I have to do with any of this, Q? By mating with you? I don't see how a baby is going to end a war being fought by a race of omnipotent beings. You believe human DNA is going to restore peace? Q! You're bleeding. (Bullets continue to smash glass as Q stares in disbelief at the red on his hand.)  [Bridge]  (Consoles are going bang! The crew pick themselves up from the deck.) Be still. I never thought a Q could be injured. So they're some sort of Q weapons? Call a truce. Talk to them. Maybe you can resolve this peacefully. This is your fight, Q, not mine. Q! Come on. Come on. (She helps him out of the room before the chandelier falls.)  First Officer's log, Stardate 50392.7. While we don't fully understand the astrophysics underlying her plan, the female Q has suggested several modifications which may allow Voyager to enter the Continuum. [Engineering]  FEMALE One of your faction's encampments. I pulled you out of the mansion and managed to hide you from the enemy patrols. Then I spotted some of your people retreating from the battle. From the look of them, I'd say you're not on the winning side. And now it's time to end all this. I've been thinking about what you said, that creating a new Q could bring an era of peace. Oh, you're not going to have a child with me. You're going to mate with that charming lady friend of yours that appeared on my ship. It sounded to me like you and she had a very long term relationship. Really? Then how exactly did the Q come into existence in the first place? But I don't love you, Q. Everything. It's the foundation of a family. I could never have a child with someone I didn't love, much less give it up to the Continuum. Oh, so you're not willing to do the hard work? I'd change specialties if I were you, because the kind of trouble you're in needs more than a quick fix. You can't just sprinkle a little human DNA into the Continuum and make everything all right. Those best qualities of humanity you talked about aren't a simple matter of genetics. Love, conscience, compassion. (She fits him with a sling.) They're attributes that mankind has developed over centuries. Values that have passed from one generation to the next, taught by parents to their children. Creating a new kind of Q is a noble idea, but it will take more than impregnating someone and walking away. If you want your offspring to embrace your ideals, you're going to have to teach them yourself. I'd be lying if I said no. What explorer wouldn't be intrigued by the idea of seeking out whole new dimensions. But I have other responsibilities, and I won't just abandon them. You've tempted me with that prospect before. But frankly, your credibility is more than a little suspect. My crew and I will get home. We're committed to that. But we're going to do it through hard work and determination. We are not looking for a quick fix. You'll figure something out. You are omnipotent, after all. Time's up, Q. You've got to stop this war before it destroys the Continuum. Now I'm taking this white flag, and I'm going over to the enemy camp, and I'm going to tell them you're ready to talk about terms for a ceasefire. I'm going, Q. So if I were you, I'd start working on a way to set that precedent. First Officer's log, supplemental. We've laid in a course for the point in space where the female Q says we can enter the Continuum and find the Captain. [Bridge]  (The female Q is in the Captain's chair.) That's right. I've come with an offer of truce from Q. Then you agree the fighting has to stop. I'm relieved to hear you say that. May I ask how? With all due respect, sir, there are no chapters in the history of my own people more tragic than wars which set neighbour against neighbour. Q has an idea for a non-violent way to bring this conflict to an end. I urge you to listen to what he has to say. I won't do that. I told you, he's willing to negotiate. Let him go. Wait! What are you charging me with? Why won't you listen to me? I told your Commander last night we can resolve the situation peacefully. I'd rather skip that particular honour. (They are tied to stakes.) I won't plead for my own life. From your perspective I know it seems insignificant. But what is not insignificant is the fact that the Q, as an omnipotent race, have an opportunity to be a positive force to set a higher standard for other beings in the galaxy. I implore you all, don't go through with this. Don't allow yourselves to continue using violence to resolve your differences. I know. Q! They're not firing at us. I'm fine. Do as she says and I'll call my people off. Tell our people to stop shooting. Why don't I give you two some privacy? That was it?  Lieutenant Paris, what's our position? Ensign Kim, any sign of supernovas? Mister Chakotay, run a series of standard diagnostics. If everything checks out, take us to warp six. I'll be in my ready room. [Ready room] Q! He's adorable. I'd say fatherhood agrees with you. I'm glad to hear you intend to set a good example. And I thought you were going to teach him about love and conscience. I'm honoured.
How many more chapters are there? This was supposed to be a twenty minute presentation. That won't be necessary. You obviously know the subject matter. Congratulations, Cadet. You have just passed Early Starfleet History. Janeway to Security. Don't bother. I trapped your crew in a temporal loop. They keep experiencing the last thirty seconds over and over. Almost as monotonous as drone boy's essay. Who are you? (Daddy is sitting behind her desk.) The last time I saw him, he was an infant. You remember? What do you want, Q? Why? I am flattered that you would entrust me with your first born, but I really don't have time. Well, if you're going to stay, we'll need to lay down a few ground rules. I want to be alerted if they resurface. Keep running scans. Say hello to Q, everyone. No. This party is over. Get your guests off my ship. He's doing everything he can to get under our skin. Charming. (Janeway takes the mug of coffee from Neelix.) I'm open to suggestions. You think he needs a mentor. Are you volunteering? Q is no ordinary child. Janeway to the bridge. Report. Reroute power to aft shields and return fire. We've defeated the Borg before. We'll do it again. Oh, he won't do it again because he's leaving. Now. He tried to kill my crew. And how long do you think it will take your son to come up with another way to amuse himself? If you knew he was dangerous, why did you send him here? Ah, is this another lesson for humanity? Asking me to mate with you was hardly the offer of a lifetime. Oh, get to the point. Where's his mother been during all this? You can't just dump your child on someone and hope he learns something. He needs to be parented. You could start by spending time with him. Parenthood is more than just cleaning up your child's messes. You need to set an example. It's the only way he'll learn. The boy? I am going to my quarters. You have the bridge. [Janeway's bathroom] Q! You've been gone for less than ten minutes. My fault? What happened after you left Voyager? Did you punish him? So you gave in to him. You're not going to do your son any favours by indulging him. You need to make him understand that there are consequences to his actions. I though we agreed that you were going to take a more active role. I'm not a parent. It's taken years for Seven to become an individual. You're asking me to change your son in one week? Janeway to Security. [Corridor] Get some sleep. You're going to need it. I'm preparing a curriculum for you to follow while you're here. You're going to learn respect, (She removes the pips from his uniform I may not approve of his methods, but for once his heart seems to be in the right place. I think his desire to help you is genuine. We primates are your only hope. Aren't you supposed to be supervising our young guest? And you accepted that? Sounds like a good strategy. Let me know how it goes. [Holodeck - Briefing room] Insightful, informative. I'm impressed. Too bad you didn't write it. I'd recognise Icheb's style anywhere. When Commander Chakotay left the room, you altered their personality subroutines to make them more agreeable. We may be common bipeds but we're not stupid. Your training is over. Go back to your room and wait for your father to return. I wanted to help you. But instead of trying to live up to your potential, you cheated. Those were the Q's expectations, not mine. All I asked was that you make a sincere effort, but you weren't even willing to try. Oh, I'm glad you finally realised that. Now, if your motives are sincere I'm willing to give you another chance. But step out of line again and I'm through with you. Understood? Dismissed! Captain's log, stardate 54704.5. It's been four days since my ultimatum to the young Q, and he appears to be making progress. His instructors inform me that he's taking on his assignments with new determination, and he's made a concerted effort to be more courteous to the crew. It's hard to believe this is the same brazen young man who came aboard a few days ago. (Tuvok has taken Junior running through the corridors.) [Mess hall] I, Q. An Insider's View of the Continuum. If the essay's half as clever as the title I'm sure I'll enjoy it. (Icheb enters.) I think you've earned a break. This is the only time off I'm giving you. I suggest you take advantage of it. I'll catch the next one. (Janeway closes the door on him and walks on.) It's only been five days. Why are you back? Well, he got off to a pretty shaky start, but he's made some progress since then. He's been working extremely hard. If you don't believe me, maybe you should see for yourself. [Ready room] Well? What did you think? Nice? The entire essay was about the Continuum. Q. He worked so hard on that paper, the least you could have done was tell him you were proud of him. Whether you're willing to admit it or not, your son has made progress here. He has the potential to be a better Q than you will ever be. Then what will be enough? And what exactly is Q-ness? I wanted to see how you were. I thought you might be upset by Q's reaction to your essay. We have two days left. Let's make the most of them. If the Continuum decides they won't take you back, I'll ask them to let you stay here. That's not what I meant. I'll ask them to let you remain human. Compensate. (The tractor beam fails and the Flyer goes into the rift.) It's the Flyer. On screen. Don't you Aunt Kathy me. Tell him. He stole the shuttle and he attacked the other vessel. You're wasting your time. No, he isn't. You're going back to that ship you attacked. You're going to apologise for what you did, and you're going to plead with him for the information we need to save Icheb. That would be easier, wouldn't it. No expectations to live up to, no one to disappoint. Why did you come back here? You could have used your technology to take you anywhere, but you came back here, to us. Why? The only mistake you made was running away. You have a chance to do the right thing now. Don't waste it. [Delta Flyer] (He has found the Chokuzan ship again. Janeway is with him.) My crew and I will repair any damage he did to your ship. I suppose I am. What kind of horrible joke What about Icheb? But you have nothing left to prove to the Continuum. What about your father? Thank you. (Then she notices the room is full of roses.) I certainly hope so. (Junior disappears.) JANEWAY: So, the Continuum crumbled like a Gelbian sand sculpture? Oh? Such as? I hope he won't spoil too much of your fun. Not that I don't appreciate it, but this will only take a few years off our journey. Why not send us all the way?
Don't do anything. I'll take care of this. (She clears the symbol from the screens.)JANEWAY: Send all sensor data about the particle wave to my ready room. Tom, disengage engines and hold position here. I can't explain right now. Don't discuss any of this with the rest of the crew. I'll have further instructions for you soon.  [Ready room] Computer, seal the doors to this room. No entry without my authorisation. Access secured datafile Omega one. Janeway one one five three red. Clearance level ten. Display sensor data.  [Engineering] Come in. What do you know about the Omega Directive? I thought as much. The Borg assimilated Starfleet captains. You would possess all of their knowledge. Yes. So it would appear. But we have to confirm it. You're going to help me carry out the Directive. Protocol forbids me from discussing this mission with any of my crew, but since you already know about it, my choice is to either work with you or confine you to quarters. That's impossible. Explain. The Borg have been waiting for the chance to test them out. Sorry, but if someone out there is experimenting with Omega, I'm under orders to stop them. Otherwise, this entire quadrant would be at risk. Sometimes fear should be respected, Seven. Tell me, how many Borg were sacrificed during this experiment? Not to me, not to my crew, and not to the people who live in this quadrant. I'm going to neutralise this threat, Seven, with or without your help. You will? All right. Go back to your cargo bay, assemble all the data you have about Omega. I'll expect a report within the hour. I didn't realise you had such a strong scientific curiosity. Desire? The Borg's Holy Grail. Never mind. I'll see you in an hour.  [Medical lab] I'm going on an away mission. Something like that. Twenty milligrams. When can you have it ready? That won't be possible. Well, I'm overriding those protocols. The arithrazine, Doctor. Have it sent to the shuttlebay. I will.  [Cargo Bay two] Location? Hundreds of molecules? That changes everything. We're going to need more firepower, more protection. Transfer your data to the Astrometrics lab. I'll work on it there.  [Science lab] Mister Kim, you ask too many questions. Change of plans, gentlemen. Increase the charge to eighty isotons. Harry, when you're done here, give B'Elanna a hand with the shuttlecraft. She's reinforcing the hull. Come in. Status report? Good. The Omega Directive doesn't allow me to say much but I want you to know what to expect. At oh six hundred hours, I'll be leaving in a shuttle with Seven of Nine. I can tell you this. One of two things is going to happen. Either Seven and I will succeed on our mission, and return within a few days, or your long range sensors will detect a large explosion in subspace. If that occurs, you'll have less than ten seconds to jump to warp and get the hell out of here. Head for the Alpha Quadrant and don't look back, understood? Let's just say I've had to amend the Directive, given the circumstances, But you have your orders and I expect you to follow them. If it were a simple matter of trust I wouldn't hesitate to tell you, but we've encountered situations where information was taken from us by force. I can't allow knowledge of Omega to go beyond Voyager. Ordinarily, I'd agree. But this Directive was issued many years ago, and Starfleet didn't exactly have our predicament in mind. Lost in the Delta Quadrant, with no backup. I can't ignore the orders, but I won't ask the crew to risk their lives because of my obligation. Assemble the troops.  [Briefing room] If we were in the Alpha Quadrant right now, we wouldn't be having this conversation. I'd be in contact with Starfleet Command, and they'd send in a specialised team to deal with the crisis. In their absence, we're going to have to make do with the training I've received, and the knowledge Seven of Nine has retained from the Borg. You've all seen this symbol. Omega, the last letter of the Greek alphabet. Chosen by Starfleet to represent a threat not only to the Federation, but to the entire galaxy. Only starship captains and Federation Flag Officers have been briefed on the nature of this threat. What you're about to hear Not just any molecule. The most powerful substance known to exist. A single Omega molecule contains the same energy as a warp core. In theory, a small chain of them could sustain a civilisation. The molecule was first synthesised over a hundred years ago, by a Starfleet physicist named Ketteract. I think he was hoping to develop an inexhaustible power source. Ketteract managed to synthesise a single molecule particle of Omega, Omega destroys subspace. A chain reaction involving a handful of molecules could devastate subspace throughout an entire Quadrant. If that were to happen, warp travel would become impossible. Space-faring civilisation as we know it would cease to exist. When Starfleet realised Omega's power, they suppressed all knowledge of it. I'm afraid so. I've been authorised to use whatever means necessary to destroy it. Tom, I've calculated the location of the molecules. I'll transfer the coordinates to the helm. Take us there at full impulse. I don't have to tell you what's at stake. If a large-scale Omega explosion occurs, we will lose the ability to go to warp forever. We've got our work cut out for us.  Captain's log, supplemental. Encrypt log entry. We're approaching the star system where we believe we'll find Omega. I have to admit, I have never been this apprehensive about a mission. I know how Einstein must have felt about the atom bomb, or Marcus when she developed the Genesis device. They watched helplessly as science took a destructive course. But I have the chance to prevent that from happening. I just hope it's not too late. [Cargo Bay two] Status report? I thought I asked you to work on the photon torpedo. Here's to Borg ingenuity. This is excellent work, Seven. We may need this. I guess I will. I'm curious. When did the Borg discover Omega? Assimilation? Thirteen? Fascinating. Omega caused quite a stir among my own species. Federation cosmologists had a theory that the molecule once existed in nature for an infinitesimal period of time at the exact moment of the Big Bang. Some claimed Omega was the primal source of energy for the explosion that began our universe. Perhaps. What is it the Borg say? That Omega is perfect? Is that a theory or a belief. Go ahead. I'm on my way. I'm leaving this project in your hands. Use whatever resources and personnel you need. Inhabited? Track their origin. On screen. (A patch of the moon is throbbing pale blue.) Can your sensors penetrate the atmosphere? My God. Scan the structure. Are there any Omega molecules remaining? Harry, can we transport to the surface? Tuvok, assemble a rescue team and have them report to Sickbay for arithrazine inoculations. Tell the Doctor to prepare for casualties. Tom, move Voyager into a high orbit, and then join the away team. We'll need a field medic. If Omega's still down there, I have to find it. I'll keep an open comm. link with the ship. You have the bridge.  [Laboratory] The substance you were trying to create. Did any of it survive the explosion? Where? Captain Janeway of the starship Voyager. We're here to help you. Away team to Voyager. Two to beam directly to Sickbay. Can we get it open? Do it. For the duration of this mission the Prime Directive has been rescinded. Let's get this over with.  [Cargo Bay two] Narrow your phaser beams to cut through the inner seal. Then we'll have to use some elbow grease. Give me a hand. Right. It won't be enough. We'll have to go with our Borg option. Ensign. Return to the ship. Tell Commander Chakotay to help Seven complete the harmonic chamber. We'll have to transport Omega directly to the ship. That means finding a way to shut down this containment field. Let's hope we never do. I'm also a woman who occasionally knows when to quit. Take another look at your tricorder. Omega's too dangerous. I won't risk half the quadrant to satisfy our curiosity. It's arrogant, and it's irresponsible. The final frontier has some boundaries that shouldn't be crossed, and we're looking at one.  [Cargo Bay two] We'll target this facility with the gravimetric torpedo. If anything goes wrong during transport, that'll be our only hope. How long until they get here?  [Bridge] Standby to transport the  [Laboratory] Molecules directly to the harmonic chamber.  [Bridge] Do it.  [Bridge] We're close enough. Energise.  [Bridge] Can we stay ahead of them? Well we have one advantage. We've got Omega. They won't risk firing at us. At least not until they run out of options. That should give us a chance to neutralise the molecules. Seven of Nine? I thought we'd settled that question. I should have known she wouldn't just let this go. I'll be in Cargo Bay two.  [Cargo Bay two] Seven, the procedure? Let's see if we can speed up the process a little. Yes. You know I can't do that. I don't care if you can make it sing and dance. We're getting rid of it. Yes, but it's mine to make. Now step aside. But you won't. You know I'm not trying to stop you from finding perfection, but I can't risk the safety of this Quadrant. Omega must end here. We both know that. Status? This could take hours. Can you increase the harmonic resonance? How many molecules would we neutralise? That's good enough. Our torpedo can take care of the rest. Janeway to bridge. Chakotay, I want you to clear deck four. Put emergency forcefields around this section. Prepare to decompress Cargo Bay two on my command. Tuvok, load the gravimetric torpedo. Once we've jettisoned the chamber, fire. Harmonic resonance to maximum.  [Bridge] The molecules? We need to get that down to sixty. The same thought crossed my mind. Where are we now? That's close enough, Bridge, start the decompression sequence. What's wrong? What's happening? What? That's impossible. Seven, let's move. Seven! The alien ships? Tuvok? Mission accomplished.  Captain's log, stardate 51793.4. We've arranged for our guests in Sickbay to be taken back to their homeworld, and we can finally put this mission behind us. This will be my last encrypted log concerning the Omega Directive. The classified datafiles will now be destroyed.  [Holodeck - da Vinci's Workshop] What are you doing here, Seven? The data isn't clear why Omega stabilised in the last few seconds. The chances are it was simply a chaotic anomaly, nothing more. If I didn't know you better, I'd say you just had your first spiritual experience.    <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Morning. Thanks. Pardon? The Chinese. Why does anybody build a wall? To keep people out. [Turbolift]  Deck one. I have a feeling you're going to tell me. Very impressive, Neelix. I had no idea you knew so much about my homeworld. [Bridge]  Status? Gives us some time to relax. Carry on. Why this sudden interest in the Great Wall? All right, here's one for you. What can you tell me about the Millennium Gate? It became a model for the first colony on Mars. Did you know that one of my ancestors built it? Not with a hammer and nails, but with words and a lot of courage. Shannon O'Donnel, one of the first woman astronauts. She was the driving force behind the project. We were always told stories about her at family gatherings. The first of a long line of Janeway explorers. Where to begin? Well, at that time, she was still in the space programme, but she'd also become something of an entrepreneur. I believe she was asked to join the project by the governor of Indiana. He wanted her expertise on recyclic life support systems. The way my aunt Martha, tells it they flew her in on a private aircraft. [Shannon's car - driving] I need your help with this. The Millennium Gate. It was built by one of my ancestors over three hundred years ago. I've been digging through the historical database, but a lot of the information from that era has been lost or damaged. I thought you might be able to help me reconstruct some of it. It's relevant to me. This isn't about chromosomes, Seven. It's about character. Shannon O'Donnel inspired me when I was a girl. She had a, an influence on my imagination, on my goals. I wouldn't have become a Starfleet Captain if it wasn't for her. [Mess hall] Where in the world did you find this? Ferengi? I would have been his first customer. These must be her sons and daughters. Grandchildren. Great-grandchildren. The whole town was against her. Download this image for me, will you, Neelix? I'm going to frame it. And the crew? Not at all. We're talking about our family histories. Please. Shannon O'Donnel. What do you mean? Let me guess. The holographic engineer is having problems with her programme. Neelix, the Cardassian cook, is low on supplies. Seven of Twelve is regenerating and Captain Chakotay is doing just fine. Just wondering how they'll piece together our lives a few hundred years from now. A PADD here, a Captain's log there, maybe a couple of holodeck programmes. It won't be as much to go on as we might think. I've gone through dozens of histories written about twenty first century Earth, all of them biased in one way or another. The Vulcans describe First Contact with a savagely illogical race. Ferengi talk about Wall Street as if it were holy ground. The Bolians express dismay at the low quality of human plumbing. And human historians? Exact same story. Every culture saw it a different way. So I go back to the raw material. Birth certificates, death certificates, marriage certificates, census surveys, voter registration forms, housing records, medical, employment, court records. It's all fragmented and incomplete. Her name was Shannon O'Donnel. She did train to be an astronaut, but she didn't finish. She was an engineer, but never worked on the Mars missions. Only as a consultant. There was no opposition. In fact, the Millennium Gate was greeted with open arms by the local population. Except for one man. She married him, and changed her name. But she certainly never changed history. Oh, I'll get over it. The question is, when we get back to Earth, how will I break the news to Aunt Martha? [Bar] Yes? Is there a problem? Give me a minute. [Mess hall] What's all this? Neelix. I appreciate what you're trying to do, but What gift? (The framed photograph.) Thank you, But I'm not so sure she has a place there any more. Oh? Yeah, and I would have never have got you all stuck here in the Delta Quadrant. To family. No, no. PARIS: I think we should get out of here.JANEWAY: Enough is enough. [2050]
I'd feel the same way in your place. Doesn't sound like any system we've encountered. Unfortunately our knowledge of this area of space is limited. I'd like you to look at a star chart to see if you recognise any astronomical markers. In the meantime my crew has begun scanning the area for any clues about what happened to you. When did she leave? What time did our alien visitor come on board? And we just got another visitor. (A dark-skinned young woman. A crewman vanishes in a corridor and a Nyrian appears in the Paxau Resort holoprogramme. Later -) Mister Tuvok, have you made any progress? All right, get back to your stations and keep looking. Confine the Nyrians to the cargo bays and post security details at every access point. Chakotay, I don't care how they seem. All I care about is that I've had a knot in my stomach since the first Nyrian arrived. Something about this is wrong, I can smell it. Look at us, running around the ship, checking sensors and spinning theories, while the Nyrians slowly replace our crew. Consider this. There has been a consistent interval of nine minutes and twenty seconds between these exchanges. At that rate, our entire crew will be gone in eighteen hours. Tell me that doesn't put a knot in your stomach. You have your orders. Captain's log, stardate 50912.4. It's been twelve hours since these mysterious exchanges began, and we still haven't discovered their cause. I've already lost over half my crew. [Corridor] Then do it. I want them where we can keep an eye on them. Shut down everything but the ship's essential functions. We'll be operating on a skeleton crew before long. [Engineering] B'Elanna, you've developed a theory about what's happening? A wormhole? Is Neelix still helping out with the new arrivals? Janeway to Neelix. I'd like you to find one of the Nyrians who (Janeway vanishes.) B'Elanna, are you all right? I don't know. They refuse to answer any questions. In other compounds just like this one, scattered throughout the woods. Not yet. I sent Tuvok to investigate the other compounds and see what he could find out. Until be gets back, all we have are unanswered questions. [Bridge] Tuvok, what did you learn? I'm not particularly interested in being welcomed. Why have you brought us here? Nonetheless, we are being held here against our will. We don't accept that. We will find a way out of here. Tuvok, tell me about this wilderness you've found. How rugged is it? Can we walk out? This place does have an artificial quality. l wouldn't be surprised if the whole thing is holographic, and the wilderness was created to keep us from exploring too far. Where did you come from? They took you from your colony? Do you have any idea where here is? If there were people here before us, maybe we could get out the same way. I consider that information a valuable commodity. There may be other portals, if you can show us how to find them. There must be. We just have to keep looking. Here? We can cover more ground if we split up. Tuvok and I will take this direction. You three go that way. We'll meet back here in twenty minutes. It's definitely some kind of control station. I can bring up information, but I can't understand what it says. Oh, much better. The Federation habitat, population one hundred and forty eight. At least they haven't detected that anyone's missing. Here's another environment, and another. How many are there? They're holding thousands of prisoners. There's got to be something that'll tell us what the layout of this place is. Authorised access only. Good, I'm getting something. Incredible. Tuvok, we're on a ship. Well if there is one, I can't find it. There seems to be a more extensive control centre four decks above us. Maybe I can access it from here. More security lock-outs. That must have been Jarleth. This translocator is what the Nyrians used to get on our ship. Assuming we can figure out how to use it. [Bridge] Great distances must limit it's capacity. That's why the Nyrians could only send one person to Voyager at a time and bring one of us here. I can't find the command pathways to get the system operative, and I don't imagine we have much longer before they find us. [Argala Habitat] I've got the basic operation down, but I can't quite figure out how to lock on to a target. Can you access anything that might function like our targeting scanners? What is it? Tom and B'Elanna. Doesn't look very inviting, does it. They can't last long in that. We've got to get them out. If the Nyrians are bringing in reinforcements, we're in trouble. Keep working on those bioscanners. [Argala Habitat] I've taken control of your translocation system. My tactical officer is standing by, waiting for my next order. That depends on you. Surrender my ship and release all the prisoners here. All right. You can stay where you are and greet your fellow crewmembers as we translocate them here to join you. We'll find you a nice warm habitat where you'll be comfortable while we contact the native worlds of your prisoners and arrange for their return. And once we've disabled your translocator, you'll be free to go. I'm sorry you don't wish to be reasonable. Mister Tuvok, get me out of here and prepare to
Janeway to Tuvok. Please report to the bridge. Mister Neelix, I'd like you to join us as well. Yes, and possibly large amounts of it. If so, we're going to need to stockpile as much as we can. I'd like to convert storage bay three into a containment chamber. I'm sorry, Neelix. You're going to have to make other arrangements. Well, there's certainly no shortage of good ideas. Have all department heads submit proposals for sirillium usage. On screen. (This one is blue, not purple.) Analysis, Mister Kim. Tuvok, can you modify the shields to compensate? (Tuvok's breath is shallow and his hands are twitching.) Tuvok. Granted. [Turbolift] I'll have Mister Kim examine the sensor logs. Maybe our proximity to the nebula is affecting you somehow. And that's causing brain damage? What's the treatment? I'm the closest thing Tuvok has to a family member on this ship. Yes. Tuvok, are you sure it's the right thing to do? Whatever happens, I'll be there for you, Tuvok. I'll help you get through this. Your pyllora? When I'm in your memory, will I actually be reliving it with you? When do we start? Tuvok, can you see me? Where are we? Why did you bring us here? Can you take us to the precipice? The girl? There must be some reason why your mind brought us here. Maybe this memory is connected to the girl in some way. How long ago is this? Who were you fighting? Klingons. Before you collapsed in Engineering, you thought we were approaching Klingon space. Why are you fighting Klingons? Gaseous anomalies. We were charting a gaseous anomaly on Voyager. That's more than a coincidence. You've never brought me tea. [Excelsior bridge] (Tuvok pours his tea into Sulu's gold rimmed USS-2000 cup, and he tastes it.) He doesn't look anything like his portrait at Starfleet Headquarters. This is a science station, isn't it? Tuvok, why doesn't your service record reflect any of this? I thought your first assignment was aboard the Wyoming. So what's happening? Are we about to encounter the Klingons? Praxis. Praxis. Yes. Its destruction would have lasting repercussions throughout the quadrant, and it led to the first Federation-Klingon peace treaty. But what does all this have to do with the girl on the precipice? (The ship shakes. Sulu's cup shudders its way off the small 'table' and smashes on the floor.) So what happened? Did you go to Praxis? I don't get it. What's going on? You know, you did the right thing. Tuvok. That nebula. It looks very similar to the one we observed on Voyager. [Precipice] We were just starting to make some progress. We finally accessed the repressed memory. I saw Tuvok as a boy. And the girl on the precipice. Can I talk to him? Come in. Ah, Ensign. What have you found? But they do look similar. Well, what about the memory of the little girl? What does she have to do with Tuvok's experiences on board Sulu's ship? The Excelsior seems so far removed from that childhood incident. You may be right. Nevertheless, I've been studying the Excelsior logs. Unfortunately, they don't say anything at all. It would seem that Captain Sulu decided not to enter that journey into his official log. The day's entry makes some cryptic remark about the ship being damaged in a gaseous anomaly and needing repairs, but nothing else. It was a very different time, Mister Kim. Captain Sulu, Captain Kirk, Dr. McCoy. They all belonged to a different breed of Starfleet officer. Imagine the era they lived in. The Alpha Quadrant still largely unexplored. Humanity on verge of war with Klingons. Romulans hiding behind every nebula. Even the technology we take for granted was still in its early stages. No plasma weapons, no multiphasic shields. Their ships were half as fast. Space must have seemed a whole lot bigger back then. It's not surprising they had to bend the rules a little. They were a little slower to invoke the Prime Directive, and a little quicker to pull their phasers. Of course, the whole bunch of them would be booted out of Starfleet today. But I have to admit, I would have loved to ride shotgun at least once with a group of officers like that. Go ahead, Doctor. Acknowledged. I'm on my way. [Sickbay] Do any of those events seem related to the girl in any way? Agreed. Doctor. (They return to the chairs and Kes attaches the monitor to Janeway.) Tuvok, we're back in the battle with the Klingons again, eighty years ago. Agreed. I want to go back to the moment when you first saw the nebula. What happened? Tuvok, did you really mean that? I knew you left Starfleet for over fifty years, but I never knew why. I didn't realise it was because of a conflict with humans. Your parents really forced you to go to the Academy? What did you do during those fifty years? What happened? T'Pel. And what brought you back to Starfleet? Well, I'm glad you had a change of heart. I'm sure it was.  I saw her again, Tuvok. The girl. When Valtane died just now, it seemed to cause the memory to resurface. What is it? What's happening? Why can he see me? No, don't. I think we're getting close to something. Everything seems to be centred around the death of Valtane. Maybe something happened in that moment between the two of you, some detail you aren't remembering. I want you to try and replay those events one more time. I understand. Then we've got to find a way to make me inconspicuous. [Gamma shift crew quarters] We could have just asked her. It's about to happen. Try to remember every detail about the next few seconds. Concentrate.  I saw her, Tuvok. I saw the girl. Stay with it. This is our last chance. Take us to the precipice. Concentrate. Take us to the girl. [Sickbay] What do you know about it? When it sensed the death of the host, it would leave to find another. Thank you, Doctor. [Corridor]  I'm curious. Did the Excelsior ever save Kirk and McCoy? Mister Tuvok, if I didn't know you better, I'd say you miss those days on the Excelsior. In a funny way, I feel like I was a part of it too.
All science officers. Please report to your stations. Any idea what happened to it? Duritanium? Transport some samples of the debris to Engineering for analysis. Any conclusions? Cardassian! Could Seska be responsible? So how do we stop this weapon before it causes any more damage? Lieutenant Paris can assist you with the navigational sensors. Keep me informed. Dismissed. This course is erratic. Are we sure we're following a single warp trail? What's wrong? My name is Kathryn Janeway, Captain of the Federation Starship Voyager. Our scans of your world suggest you have long range tracking abilities. Have you also been able to detect the missile on a parallel course off our starboard bow? You have the right to know, First Minister, that this missile is carrying a warhead with a significant destructive force that On the contrary. We want to help. First Minister, we're aware the Kazon have been telling that to people. They'd like to prevent us from making allies. But I assure you, you've been misled. The missile arrived here from our quadrant due to a very unusual accident. We haven't been able to determine yet why it chose Rakosa as it's target, but my Chief Engineer is preparing to disarm it before it reaches you. I could have maintained communication silence and not given you any warning at all. I'd do the same in your place. Janeway to Torres, how soon will you be ready [Transporter room] JANEWAY Proceed. Janeway to Torres. We're showing a shut down of all your engines. Can you confirm that? Acknowledged. Good work, B'Elanna. Janeway out. What about it's engine components? B'Elanna, you can begin the salvage operation first thing in the Yes, Lieutenant. Stay with it, Tom. [Bridge] Mister Paris, bring us within ten kilometres. Maintain a parallel position. Bridge to Torres. Your status? You'd better get back up here, Lieutenant. Mister Tuvok, let's take a shot at disabling its drive systems. Ready photons. Red alert. Voyager wasn't in service when she did it. We're equipped with type six photon torpedoes. They may just get through. Fire. (Two torpedoes light up Dreadnought's shields.) Let's hear it. You stand down your weapons and I'll stand down mine. Explain, Dreadnought. You've already identified Voyager as a Federation ship, Dreadnought. Your scanners must indicate this is not a Cardassian crew. Dreadnought, is there anyway we can prove to you you are actually in the Delta quadrant. That this is not a deception. What will it take to provoke Dreadnought into firing? Mister Tuvok, set your target. Ready photons. Fire. (Four photon torpedoes are used.) Initiate the tachyon beam. Report! Our engines will be back online in less than an hour, First Minister, then we'll try again. A few. A broken arm, a broken leg, fortunately that's all. First Minister, we've analysed your offensive capabilities, and they're no match for what you're facing. You must have realised that yourself. First Minister Our Chief Engineer is trying to return to the missile's control room. She's still our best chance at disarming it. There's no reason to send your fleet on a hopeless mission. Hail the lead ship. This is Captain Janeway on Voyager. I urge you to break off your attack. One of my crew members is aboard the missile. We're still attempting to disarm its weapons. Janeway to Torres. The Rakosan fleet is preparing to attack. Lieutenant. All right. We'll try to keep a transporter lock on you. Janeway out. Move us into weapons range, Mister Paris. Give them some cover fire. Red alert. We've got to draw more of the missile's fire. Make Voyager a more serious threat, Tuvok. (Phasers and torpedoes are fired. Boom!) Good. Move us out of range of the plasma wave. Janeway to Torres. The Rakosan ships have retreated. We have one hour and nine minutes [Dreadnought] JANEWAY Do you have any other ideas? Kellan, there are still forty one minutes for us to prevent this. I'm prepared to use this ship to detonate the warhead before the missile reaches you. Something like that. I'm not sure. To save two million lives? That's not a hard decision. I'm still hoping we'll have a chance to celebrate this new friendship together. [Dreadnought] Gentlemen, I believe our best chance at stopping Dreadnought now is to set off a large antimatter explosion directly in it's path. You'll be in charge of the evacuation, Commander. Captain's prerogative. Get the rest of the crew to the escape pods. I'll send the senior officers to join you in a few minutes. We don't have time to debate this, Chakotay. Computer, initiate the self-destruct sequence. Authorisation Janeway pi one one zero. Set it at twenty minutes. Voyager to Torres. I need to get you out of there. We're abandoning Voyager. I'm going to overload the [Dreadnought core] JANEWAY Can you get access to the core? Are you all right, B'Elanna? Keep me advised. [Bridge] Janeway out. Mister Kim, transfer control to the conn. and report to your escape pod. That's a direct order to all of you. Mister Paris, I'm relieving you. Now! Understood. You too, Tuvok. Permission granted. [Dreadnought core] Increasing velocity. Preparing to adjust our heading to intercept. [Dreadnought core] JANEWAY This is your last chance [Bridge] This is your last chance to get back here, B'Elanna. I have to launch the last escape pods. [Dreadnought core] Beam her back, now. Hang on! (Janeway makes a sharp left turn as Dreadnought goes KaBOOM!) Computer, terminate self destruct sequence. Authorisation Janeway pi one one zero. Janeway to Torres. B'Elanna, are you Doctor, I forgot about you. Very good, Doctor. Janeway out. Mister Tuvok, prepare to retrieve our escape pods. Let's bring our crew home.
Good morning children. I'm your new governess, Mrs Davenport. Too formal. Henry, Beatrice, I'm so glad to meet you. I've heard so much about you, and I'm sure we're going to be very good friends. Oh, too familiar. Hello, I'm Mrs Davenport. Your father has asked me here to be your new governess. (The children enter quietly behind her.) Good morning, children. It's good to see you. You must be Henry. And this is Beatrice. (Janeway holds out her hand. Henry gives a little bow.) Of course, my Lord. Please, sit down. Let's get to know one another, shall we? I'm Mrs Davenport. I hope to be a friend to you as well as a governess. I beg your pardon? I suppose it is. My Lord, I assure you that I am more than qualified to instruct you. I may have to brush up on my Latin, but when it comes to mathematics and the sciences, I'm sure you'll find my lessons challenging. And Beatrice, what do you like to study? Not even painting or needlework? Did you? Oh, I'd love to see it sometime. Beatrice, I know it was a terrible thing to lose your mother. Computer, restore characters in programme Janeway lambda one. Janeway to Bridge. Report. Keep me informed. Janeway out. [Corridor] (Tuvok finds an open access panel.) I don't understand. The gel packs have an extremely reliable track record. It's almost impossible to damage them. Why did this one malfunction? How many do we have left in reserve? Those gel packs run half the critical systems on this ship. Once they run out, that's it. We can't replicate new ones. Good idea. Start looking into it. How so? Dalby. I've heard complaints about him from others. Commander, you know Mister Dalby better than I do. Any idea what might be bothering him? I doubt that's going to help. Dalby's not the only Maquis who's having problems adjusting. And besides, it's not only a matter of attitude, it's also a matter of experience. It's not fair to expect Starfleet behaviour from people who never went to the Academy. We need to bring some of these people up to speed. Instruct them in how to run a Starfleet vessel. Show them why we do things the way we do. Give them an opportunity to feel like they're part of the team. Exactly. So, what do you think, Mister Tuvok. Are you up training a group of raw cadets? You taught at the Academy for sixteen years. You'd be perfect for the job. That's my point. He doesn't have to earn their respect. We do. Commander, pick out the Maquis crewmembers you feel would benefit most from the training. Have them report to Lt Tuvok at the next duty shift. Bridge to Engineering. Report. We're losing more bio-neural circuitry, Doctor. [Bridge] All systems are being affected. Please, tell me you have some good news about a treatment. Please do. Janeway out. Bridge to Engineering. Transfer whatever power you can to life support, and keep working on the isolinear circuitry. Go ahead, Doctor. With a fever. Janeway to Torres. If we wanted to superheat the gel pack system, to raise it's temperature, so to speak, how could we do it? But we'd have to generate that heat by inverting the warp field towards the ship. [Engineering] Can we get to eighty percent with all the control failures we have? [Engineering] I'm aware of that, but I think we have to try it. Divert all power including life support to the warp engines Mister Paris, deactivate the nacelle control system and prepare to engage the warp engines. Do it. [Cargo bay] Mister Paris, increase antimatter flow. Mister Paris, get us to eighty percent of maximum somehow. Bridge to Torres, initiate the plasma burst. Acknowledged. Go ahead. [Cargo Bay] (Tuvok and the three get the Jefferies tube entrance open just as the conduit blows.) Janeway to sickbay, report. Keep me informed. [Bridge] We need life support back on line as soon as possible. Mister Kim, start getting our systems back on line.
 According to Federation astro-theorists, inversion nebulae are so unstable they're supposed to burn out within a few years, but this one appears to be centuries old. Tom, back us off two thousand kilometres. That'll give us a safety margin. Harry, set the sensors for full spectrum scans, continuous sweep. If that nebula does flare up, I don't want to miss a beat. Mister Kim, I need your attention on the sensors. Astro-theory never predicted this would be so lovely. Beauty and mystery, a tantalising combination. We've located a plasma strand that looks like it's seconds from igniting. Harry, what put out the flames? Like a firebreak in space. Or any plasma reaction. It's an investigation worth pursuing. Tom, it seems safe enough. Take us in for short range sensor scans. Let's find out all we can about this phenomenon. I'll see all of you at Mister Neelix's luau. I'm sure everyone will be attending. (Janeway leaves, having given her orders.) [Corridor] (Torres comes out of the turbolift wearing a 1960s style floral dress. Tom is in the obligatory loud Hawaiian shirt.) Oh, thank you. Tuvok, I'm glad to see you here. There's a difference between an order and a suggestion. Which puts out the fire. A feedback loop. Mister Kim, do we have enough data on this dampening field to produce one artificially using the deflector dish? Harry, do we have the data? The project is yours, Ensign. Tom, resume course for the Alpha Quadrant, warp six. Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, what's going on? Acknowledged. Harry, give B'Elanna a hand. That's a possibility we can't discount. [Engineering]  Let's try it again, Mister Paris. Warp six. Engage. It would appear to me that we're not moving, Mister Paris. Any ideas, B'Elanna? Let's run a level four computer diagnostic. All systems. I'll take it, B'Elanna. Tom, let's go. Good enough. [Tuvok's quarters]  Where is this individual now? Does that mean she has the run of our entire computer system? Is it possible that she's the source of our mysterious malfunctions? But why? What's her motivation? Giving rise to an intelligence that doesn't belong there. In any case, I can't allow her to gain any further control over my ship. Tuvok, Paris, Torres, get down to holodeck one. (to Tuvok) I want this situation resolved one way or another. [Outside the holodeck] Shield status. What happened down there? But she's not actually on the holodeck. I found an uplink and tracked it to the nebula. She's on a hidden ship or a space station. She's manipulating the holodeck from there. As an interface, a way to move around Voyager to interact with us. Harry, try to trace the uplink. Find her. Are you responsible for the plasma fires? What do you want? Stand by to transport. [Holodeck – Paxau resort] Try to hail Tuvok.  Go ahead, Tuvok. Acknowledged, Tuvok. [Space station] JANEWAY
All senior officers, report to the bridge. Lieutenant, take us into range. A little closer, Tom. Mister Kim. Shields up. Move us away. I'm impressed. [Sickbay] Do you know who was chasing you? I regret that we weren't able to save your husband as well. Not at all. We'll reach Ilari in less than two days. I'll be very pleased to meet him. [Holodeck - Paxau Resort] (B'Elanna arrives in a swimsuit.) I'm sure he does. Our message made it very clear that you had both completely recovered. (Kes enters.) Beam our guest aboard. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway (Kes phasers the new arrival and the transporter operator. Janeway pins her against the wall.) [Bridge] Emergency in Transporter room oh! (Adin knocks Janeway out.) How could Kes be involved? I'm not prepared to accept that yet. Examine the body of the man who died. We need more information about how the transfer works if we want to get Kes back. You may be considering force, but my only intention is to rescue Kes and remove Tieran's consciousness. That should suit both our interests. Go ahead. On my way. Let's hope we can put an end to this right now. [Bridge] Lock onto those patterns and beam them back to Voyager. Your brother? I assumed he'd been killed. There are always alternatives to war. Before you send in your fleet I suggest we hear from the Doctor and consider the possibility of removing Tieran from Kes safely. [Sickbay] Not if you want my help. Kes is still a member of this crew, under my protection. Then let's work together to prevent any more deaths. Don't risk the lives of your soldiers until you've exhausted every other option. Your knowledge of the Hall and its defences would be invaluable to us. Our team will beam down to the surface approximately two kilometres from the palace. Demmas and his advanced guard will meet us there. Consider yourself drafted. Put it through. What do you mean? Do you have the device ready? Now! (Shooting. Resh carries Tieran out.)
Life signs. Well, somehow I find it hard to believe this rock suddenly came to life for several seconds. Agreed. But first I want to take a look at (The remains start vibrating again.) The Caretaker was a sporocystian life form. Let's find out. Janeway to Bridge. Mister Kim, begin scans for a sporocystian life form.  [Bridge] These remains could be responding to the Caretaker's mate. Go ahead. You're using the remains like a compass.  [Engineering] Good work.  [Bridge] Keep us appraised. Janeway out. And if we are about to meet his mate, you'd like it to be on more even ground. Sounds like a sensible precaution. Get on it. Acknowledged. Mister Paris, set a course and engage at maximum warp. Slow to impulse and put it on screen. Are there any sporocystian life forms on board? All stop. Hail them, Mister Tuvok. Let's hear it. (An Ocampa man appears on the viewscreen.) We pose no threat to you. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway That's right. There appears to be an entire colony. And according to our sensors, the station is at least three hundred years old. Since you're definitely the only one on Voyager, I want you to act as an intermediary. The first step is to arrange a meeting. Let's see if we can get that far. Hail the array. (Tuvok obliges.) I have someone here who wishes to speak with you. (Janeway steps aside to reveal Kes.) Our readings indicated a sporocystian life form in this area. We've been looking for that life form for months. No, on the contrary. We believe it has the technology that could send us home. What? Mister Tanis, please try to understand. We only want to find the entity we've been looking for. Our sensors tell us she is somewhere in this region. Can you help us help us find her? Very well. (Janeway, Tuvok and the other Ocampa leave.) Sounds like you've established a dialogue with Tanis. It's an excellent beginning. Good work. Kes, is there something wrong? But since you're not a Vulcan, I'd say a mixture of the two emotions would be appropriate. It's an exciting moment, Kes, and I'm very happy for you. But just remember, we know very little about these Ocampa. Be cautious in your dealings with Tanis. Where does Suspiria live? On another array? Kes, you certainly don't have to decide something this important right now. Give it some thought. Mister Tanis says she's harmless. Very well. Proceed.  [Mess hall] (Empty except for Tanis and Kes, and a mug of drink on the table.) Of course. (Tanis quickly uses one of Tuvok's consoles.) We'll let you know when she makes her appearance. Acknowledged. Yellow alert. Janeway to Tanis. Will you please come to the Bridge? I believe we've made contact with Suspiria. Janeway to Torres. We're picking up some odd plasmatic readings down there. Can you confirm? Janeway to Torres. Go ahead. Commander, you have the Bridge.  [Mess hall] Tuvok? (She hears sobbing, and finds a little blonde girl sitting underneath a console, cradling the Caretaker's remains.) Who are you? I've been looking forward to meeting you. Because I had the opportunity to talk to your companion before he died. He told us that you were curious and went off to explore the galaxy. We're explorers too, but your friend brought us to this quadrant against our will, and we haven't been able to find a way back. We didn't kill him. I assure you No. I told you we didn't kill him. Please try to understand. We don't want to hurt you. We don't want to hurt anyone. We just want to get home. (Janeway puts down the gun.) Tuvok, release the forcefield. Do it. Yes, I would. (Suspiria transforms into her proper state and disappears through the ceiling.) [Mess hall] Can you track her position?
 Are Neelix and Tuvok back from the surface? And you recognise all of us? What's the last thing you remember? Torres said you were having trouble with the molecular imaging scanners. Maybe this alien plant life affected the scanners in some way. Get on it. (Kim leaves.) In the meantime, I'll send an away team in a shuttlecraft to collect fresh samples of the orchid for further study. Doctor, let me know as soon as you have something more. How are you feeling? I'm glad to hear it. To tell you the truth, we could use a little help in the Mess hall. Tactical? Tuvix? Well, Mister Tuvix, I'm not ready to assign you to the Bridge just yet, but why don't you join the senior staff for our noon briefing, and we'll see how it goes from there. As a matter of fact, Neelix has told me that occasionally. And if you really do possess his memories, you'd know that flattery will get you nowhere. [Briefing room] What about the problem with the molecular imaging scanners? And the orchids, Kes. Have you found anything unusual about them? There's never been an accident like this recorded in the entire history of transporter technology. I'm not willing to accept it as a random malfunction. I beg your pardon? Symbiogenesis is a rare reproductive process. Instead of pollination or mating, symbiogenetic organisms merge with a second species. It's an interesting idea. But we're talking about microcellular organisms here. I've never heard of symbiogenesis occurring in a species as complex as a humanoid. Like an Andorian amoeba. It's the best theory I've heard so far. It's the only theory I've heard so far, and it's worth investigating. Mister Paris, take a shuttle to the planet and collect additional flower specimens. Very well. You'll depart at six hundred hours. (Paris leaves.) Good work, Mister Tuvix. [Corridor] You're here bright and early, Lieutenant. And how's it going? A hunch? Well, he's certainly fitting in, isn't he? I'll inform the rest of the crew. [Kes's quarters] (Kes is meditating in front of two large candles when the doorbell rings.) Kes. Actually, I was having trouble sleeping. I could use some company. Would you like some hot tea? Please, sit down. I was just looking over some old letters Tuvok sent me when he was temporarily assigned to Jupiter Station. Most people would say his writing is cold, analytical, detached, but I've always found it to be concise, efficient, thoughtful. I hear his voice when I read the words. And Neelix. I'd become so fond of him, Kes. I can't imagine what you're going through. Oh? Well, I suppose I can see how that's possible, given the circumstances. Do you have feelings for him too, Kes? I know how you feel. You're experiencing what people on this crew have been going through since we first got stranded in this quadrant. Do we accept that we're separated from our loved ones forever, or do we hold onto the hope that someday we'll be with them again? Oh, I struggle with it every day. Sometimes I'm full of hope and optimism. Other times. Then I dream about being with Mark and it's so real. Then when I wake up and realise it's just a dream, I'm terribly discouraged. In those moments, it's impossible to deny just how far away he really is. And I know that someday I may have to accept that he's not part of my life anymore. I would never tell you or anyone else to give up hope, Kes. I think the best thing you can do now is give yourself time. My door is always open to you, Kes. Captain's log, stardate 49678.4. It's been two weeks since the transporter accident that created Mister Tuvix, and while it's still not entirely clear that he's with us permanently, he's certainly been doing his best to settle in. The crew seems to be growing accustomed to his presence, and he's proving to be a very able tactical officer who isn't afraid to express his opinions. While he's forging relationships with many of the officers, he seems to be keeping a respectful distance from Kes, allowing her to adjust to the circumstances on her own terms. As for my relationship with Tuvix, I've found him to be an able advisor who skillfully uses humour to make his points. And although I feel a bit guilty saying it, his cooking is better than Neelix's. My taste buds are definitely happy to have him around. [Kim's quarters] (Clarinet practice.)  It's funny. If we'd had the ability to separate Tuvok and Neelix the moment Tuvix came aboard, I wouldn't have hesitated. But now, in the past few weeks, he's begun to make a life for himself on this ship. He's taken on responsibilities, made friends. So at what point, did he become an individual and not a transporter accident? (doorbell) Come in. (Tuvix enters.) Yes, Mister Tuvix. Please, sit down. Will you excuse us, Commander? (Chakotay leaves.) We've just been discussing the unfortunate predicament that we're all facing, and I thought it was important to get your perspective before making a decision. I am the Captain of this ship. Aren't there two other lives to consider here? What about Tuvok and Neelix? Two voices that we can't hear right now. As Captain, I must be their voice, and I believe they would want to live. It's not the same and I think you'd agree with me. They have families, friends, people who love them and miss them and want them back, just as I do. Aren't you arguing for an execution too? Of Tuvok and Neelix. And I have an opportunity to bring them back. Then you know Tuvok was a man who would gladly give his life to save another. And I believe the same was true of Neelix.  Come in. He shouldn't have put you in the middle of this. Mister Tuvix, I'd like to speak to you alone. I have. Please come with me, Mister Tuvix. I'm ordering you to come with me. Security to the Bridge. Let him go. Commander Chakotay, advise the Doctor we're on our way to Sickbay. [Turbolift]  Deck five. [Sickbay] (Janeway and the security guards escort Tuvix in. Kim and Kes are waiting with the EMH.) Very well, Doctor. Please step aside. (Janeway goes to Kim, who is holding a hypospray.) I assume this is the radioisotope. (Kim gives it to her.) Please sit down on this biobed. (Tuvix sits. Janeway looks straight into his eyes and administers the hypo. Then she goes to the medical transporter console.) Locking surgical targeting scanners onto the isotope probe. Initiating separation sequence. Energising. (As Tuvix is beamed away, two figures are beamed in, both wearing command gold uniforms.) Mister Tuvok. Mister Neelix. It's good to have you back. (We stay with Janeway as she goes out into the corridor and pauses a moment before walking away.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Anything on long range sensors? Level five? We've been through worse. Let's just batten down the hatches and reinforce the shields. We're not going to let a little bad weather stand in our way. Why not? Well, you're closer to her than anyone. I'm inclined to let you take the lead on this. All right. Consider it your mission to keep her occupied. Dismissed. [Mess hall] How's our littlest crew member? Call me an optimist, Neelix, but I'm still counting on a happy ending. Any sign of them? Harry, anything? We built the Delta Flyer to take a lot of punishment. I'm betting it held together. Commander, take rescue teams down to that crater. If sensors can't find them, we'll have to do it the hard way. Lieutenant, get me an update from Beta team. They haven't checking in for over an hour. No thanks, I've had enough. One more cup and I'll jump to warp. I'm afraid not. We've got three teams beneath the surface. So far, nothing. We'll turn that planetoid inside out if we have to, but I think we have to be prepared for the worst. Maybe it's time you told Naomi. She's an astute girl. She must be aware that something's wrong by now. Your mission was to keep her occupied, not to lie to her. First thing in the morning, I want you to explain the situation. Why not? All the more reason to answer her questions. Neelix. [Ready room] I realise you care about Naomi and you are only trying to protect her, but you've got to tell her the truth. Neelix. If you can't do it, I will. Oh, I know. You must identify with Naomi's situation. I understand. And you're right. But this situation is different. Naomi has you. Neelix, she has to be told. But I know she'll be better off having you here to help her through it. We've got a few hours until then. Why don't you come back on the bridge, give us a hand. [Delta Flyer] Any sign of the shuttle itself? The Flyer? Do it. I want Alpha and Beta teams to search for survivors. Tell sickbay to stand by for heavy casualties. Janeway here. Acknowledged. [Planetoid - cavern] All hands to emergency stations. We've got a level eight ion storm approaching. Voyager to Chakotay. We've got another ion storm approaching. When it hits the planetoid, your entire cavern is going to destabilise. [Planetoid - cavern] Six minutes. [Bridge] Make the most of it. It's all you've got. (Minutes later.) Keep the transporter lock on the away team. Give them to the last second. Helm, lay in a course out of here. Stand by to engage at warp two. Yes, Commander. Helm, engage. [Sickbay] Here's to happy endings. Just checking on my future Captain's Assistant. Oh, sounds like a dangerous mission. She's a courageous girl. Did I ever tell you about the time I flooded this entire forest? I was six years old. Flotter claimed we were in for a dry spell so I came up with the obvious solution. Why not just divert the river? This entire forest was a swamp by the time we were done. At which point, Stinger was born. The biggest mosquito. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
When you came to me a month ago and said you had a way to cross the transwarp threshold, I thought it was more of a fantasy than a theory. Congratulations to all of you. What's your flight plan? In the last couple of centuries, we've always managed to use new technologies wisely. I'm confident this time won't be any different. Besides, there's no way to put the genie back in the bottle. All we can do now is keep moving forward, carefully. Well, good luck, Mister Paris. If this works, you'll be joining an elite group of pilots. Orville Wright, Neil Armstrong, Zefram Cochrane and Tom Paris. I thought you might. [Paris' quarters] (Paris is relaxing in his dressing gown when the doorbell rings.) At ease, Mister Paris. I know it's late. No, thank you. I've just spoken to the Doctor, and it's his opinion that we let Ensign Kim make the test flight. He checked over your biometric readings from the shuttle simulations. He says you have a slight enzymatic imbalance in your cerebellum. I know it doesn't sound like much, but he can't predict what'll happen when you cross the threshold. He believes there's a small chance that you could suffer a brain haemorrhage under the subspace stress. Two percent. There's no reason to. Ensign Kim is capable of piloting the shuttle for this mission. What is the point, Mister Paris? Your flight? This isn't about personal redemption. We're talking about medical risk. Your life could be in danger, and we need you. You're sure about this? Good luck, Lieutenant. [Engineering] Acknowledged. Ensign Kim, depressurise the shuttle bay and open the space doors. Bridge to Shuttlecraft Cochrane. You're cleared for launch. We'll keep up with you as long as we can. Lieutenant, can you hear me? Tuvok, could the shuttle have been destroyed? We'll just have to keep searching our small corner. Run a multispectral sweep. I want to see if Janeway to Paris. Bridge to Transporter room two. Beam Mister Paris directly to Sickbay. Commander, bring the shuttle aboard. I'll be in Sickbay. Can you wake him? Are you all right, Tom? We tracked you until you crossed the threshold, then you disappeared from our sensors. Do you remember what happened? How did you get back to Voyager? Congratulations, Mister Paris. You've just made the history books. We'll download the logs. I'll let you know what we find. [Engineering]  Janeway to Kim. We're ready. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] It would appear that the theory of infinite velocity is correct. It may be possible to occupy every point in the universe simultaneously. It could do more than that. It could change the very nature of our existence. Think of it. There would be nothing beyond our reach. This telemetry is giving us an invaluable record of this sector. We can use it to make a star chart. Transfer the shuttle logs to Stellar Cartography for analysis. Does this have anything to do with the enzymatic imbalance you found? Can you stop it? What about his brain? Can I talk to him? I'll keep it in mind. [Sickbay] (Paris is still on the biobed, curled up. His fingers are starting to fuse together and skin is peeling off. His left eye is milky and his ears have gone.) You've looked better. How do you feel? Well, we're trying to put that experiment right. The Doctor's working on a way to restore your DNA to its original Excuse me? Lieutenant, you know that's not true. We're all concerned about you, Tom. We're here to help you. Take what away from you? That's a possibility. And then again, it could kill you. We need to find out what's going on. You're right, Doctor. I don't think there's anything I can do here. What you're going through would scare any of us, but you have to hang on, Tom. We're doing everything we can to help you. Get moving. [Engineering] (Paris looks more like a frog, trapped inside the whole body restraint Neelix had to live in when he had no lungs.)  Janeway to Bridge. Report. Where is he now?  I'm on my way to the Bridge. (The turbolift door opens, but Janeway hears breathing behind her. She draws her phaser and turns, but Mutant Paris leaps on her, and the shot goes wild. She falls back into the turbolift.) [Bridge] Thank you, Doctor. Excuse me. I've thought about having children, but I must say I never considered having them with you. What makes you think it was your idea? Sometimes it's the female of the species that initiates mating. But apology accepted, nonetheless. You may be interested to know I'm putting you in for a commendation. Regardless of the outcome, you did make the first transwarp flight. Is there something wrong, Lieutenant? You've broken more than one record, that's for sure. Oh? If I'm not mistaken, you've changed quite a few minds on this ship. You've earned a lot of people's respect and admiration. Somehow, I don't think they will be. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
As long as it takes, Mister Paris. In a way, this child belongs to all of us. It is the first baby born on Voyager. I'm just not sure whether I should be welcoming it on board, or apologising. Voyager isn't exactly anyone's idea of a nursery, and the Delta Quadrant isn't much of a playground. All stop. A ship? And I'm in no mood to donate any organs today. Options, Mister Paris? Good thinking. Lay in a course at full impulse. Mister Tuvok, deflectors at maximum. (Voyager heads into the big green swirly thing.) [Sickbay] Take us out of the plasma drift and resume our previous course. [Sickbay]  What was that? Go to impulse. Red alert. Bridge to Engineering. [Engineering] JANEWAY B'Elanna [Bridge]  Try infusing the warp core with repeated proton bursts. That should be enough to keep it going. Do it. Already? Bridge to Torres. Report. Engineering, respond. And yet the bursts appear to be originating from within the ship. It's like they're coming out of thin air. Can we increase power to structural reinforcement? Go. [Sickbay] At this point, I don't give a damn where they're coming from. I just want to stop them. Chakotay, do we have enough auxiliary power to magnetise the hull? It might cushion the impact of the bursts. Give it a try. [Sickbay] Disappeared? Can you determine where it leads? [Corridor] Another atmosphere? [Corridor]  Get out of there, Torres. The hull breach is widening. I'm going to evacuate the [Corridor] JANEWAY Chakotay, are you ready to magnetise the hull? Try remodulating the field emitters. (Bang! Janeway is knocked down.) Chakotay! Let's hope so. I want a full damage report from all decks. It's just a scratch. I'm fine, Lieutenant. I want an engineering team to seal those micro-fractures before they become breaches. Mister Paris, grab a medical tricorder and go assist the Doctor. Commander, you have the Bridge. I'm going to go talk to Ensign Wildman. Maybe I can help. (Bang!) I'm trying to reroute emergency power to the field emitters! I can seal this breach! (Flames appear. She retreats. But before she gets to the turbolift, she sees an image of an undamaged Bridge, and looks into her own eyes.) Welcome to the new Bridge. Now, let's see about (A shrill tone pierces the air.) What's that? Coming from where? Try recalibrating our frequency carrier to match it. [Voyager 2 - Engineering] TORRES  That's the emergency code. Run it through an alphanumeric sequencer. Do it. (A monitor on a wall console lights up with static.) That's what I was told. That woman, whoever she is, had very specific knowledge of what happened here. The damage from the proton bursts, Wildman's baby, Kes disappearing. She even knew that when I was twelve years old, I walked home in a thunderstorm over seven kilometres because I lost a tennis match. My counterpart has suggested we try to merge the two ships. Recreate the subspace divergence field we passed through and then depolarise it. We could evacuate all the crew to this deck, and cut off life support everywhere else. Then we could divert all power to the deflector dish. B'Elanna, re-establish the comm. link with the other ship. Captain, we think we can channel enough energy to our deflector dish to try the merging process. We'll need at least fifteen minutes to make our preparations. And Captain, we'll only have enough power to try this once. Chakotay, Tuvok, begin the evacuation process. Acknowledged. Lieutenant Torres and, Lieutenant Torres, charge the deflector dishes. Synchronise computer event timing. Ready to release depolarisation pulse on my mark. Now.  Increase power to the deflector dish. Abort! [Voyager 2 - Engineering] TORRES We can't do that. We'd damage the other ship just like this one. Think, people. We need options. (Janeway 2 and Kes enter.) The attempt to merge our ships is throwing us further out of phase. The quantum cohesion on both Voyagers is breaking down. Mutual annihilation. Let's try a different tact. Instead of trying to merge the two ships, let's try to separate them. Maybe we could divide the antimatter between us. We've been studying that theory. And my B'Elanna tells me that sending any more than five to ten people through the rift would radically alter the atomic balance of the two Voyagers. We'd both be destroyed. Captain, I think you should return to your ship and run a metallurgical analysis. Find out the precise phase modulation of your hull. I'll do the same here. Maybe we can find a way to realign the phase displacement. What makes you say that? Then I'm glad we agree. Go back to your ship. Yes, we have and we both know it. This is my ship and my decision. I've made my decision! Please don't make me call security and have you escorted off my ship, because you know I'll do it. Fifteen minutes. Good luck. We don't have time to try it. May plan is the only one that's going to work. It's time that we both accept that. [Engineering]  Shields. Do you have any weapons?  What happened? They couldn't have missed. Hail them. Try to get it back. [Vidiian Ship] Captain, this comm. link might not last much longer. What's happening over there? No. We don't think they can detect our ship. Captain, we can have a security detachment cross the spatial rift and board your ship within five minutes. We can't just stand by and let you all be killed. I don't suppose there's any way I can change your mind. I know how stubborn you can be. We'll be waiting for them. I will. I will.  Acknowledged. Good. I'm not sure how much longer B'Elanna can tolerate my standing over her shoulder in Engineering. Tuvok, is there something on your mind? Would I have given the order to self-destruct our ship? I've gone over that moment a thousand times in my mind. The truth is, yes, I would have given the order. But I will admit, there was a part of me that could see her point of view. Neither did I. And neither did she. (Tuvok leaves.) Am I allowed to go back to my temporary Bridge now, Doctor?  It's good to have you back, Ensign. Something wrong? Mister Kim, we're Starfleet officers. Weird is part of the job. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Come in! (Tuvok enters and catches the only ball Janeway has managed to hit with her racket.) Oh. Sorry, Tuvok. I was just practicing my serve. Tennis. After nineteen years I've decided to take it up again. I'm a little rusty. I played in a novice tournament on the holodeck. I lost my first match in straight sets. You play tennis. Not as simple as when I played on the High School tennis team. What can I do for you, Tuvok? Report. Analysis. Magnify. Hail them. Get us out of here. Return fire. On screen. Why are you firing at us? I'm going to need some more information before I allow you to Captain, I simply I won't sacrifice this crew based on a ten second conversation. I need proof. Adjust our deflector to match the frequency of his weapon. Try to overload his emitter. Re-establish helm control. Status. The rift must have originated here. Hail Starfleet Command. Let's hear it. (A cacophony of radio stations and telephone conversations.) The question isn't where we are, it's when we are. Mister Kim. Maintain a high orbit. And modulate the shields to scatter their radar. We don't want to alarm the natives. It could be our friend from the twenty ninth century. Localise it. We've got to go down there. If it is Captain Braxton, he's the key to all this, and at the moment his ship is the only way we have of getting back to our own century. Chakotay, Tuvok, Paris, you're with me. Mister Kim, you have the bridge. As I recall, Tom, you're something of an aficionado on twentieth century America. What will we need to pass as locals in this era? The subspace readings are coming from within a one hundred metre radius of our position, but I can't pinpoint the source. We have no idea what kind of technology they might have in the future. Maybe it's cloaked. Let's spread out. Tuvok, Paris, go check the shoreline. Chakotay and I will search the boardwalk. Right place, wrong time. But it is good to be back, nevertheless. I don't know what my relatives were doing this far back in history. For all I know, she could be my great, great, great, great grandmother. Have you ever been to southern California, Chakotay? After the Hermosa quake in 2047 this entire region sank under two hundred metres of water. It became one of the world's largest coral reefs, home to thousands of different marine species. (A punk couple walk past.) The readings are coming from over there. Ten metres. There. (A down-and-out is scavenging in the bins outside the Hot Dog Stick.) There's no doubt about it. The subspace readings are coming from him. [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] (A room decorated with B movie posters, moon landing photos and Sci-Fi figurines. The young lady has her feet up on her desk when her computer screen starts beeping.) He appears to live on the street. That pushcart seems to contain all his belongings. Janeway here. [Bridge] We've been detected. Transport Paris and Tuvok to those co-ordinates. In that case [Santa Monica] Transmit those coordinates to Mister Tuvok's tricorder. He and Tom will have to get there using more conventional means. Do what you have to do. Find out who sent that message and get more information. Have we been detected, how many people know about us? We cannot risk contaminating the timeline. It's all right, we don't want your stuff. We just want to ask you a few questions. Captain Braxton? Captain, what's happened to you? The last time we saw you Captain, how long have you been here in the twentieth century? Captain, we want to help you, but you've got to give us more information. You said that Voyager causes the explosion. How do you know all this? What evidence do you have that it will be your timeship that causes the disaster? (Braxton rummages for a piece of brown paper.) So it really wasn't Voyager after all. Why not? Leads to C. Yes, we heard you. Why shouldn't we try to stop Starling? We'll have to worry about him later. Right now, we've got to find Starling. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] (Starling is making a phone call.) Our Mister Starling has built himself quite a corporate empire. Looks like he's got wealth, celebrity and an ego to match. (She sits at Starling's computer. It asks for a password. She taps at the keyboard with one finger.) Turn of the millennium technology wasn't a required course at the Academy. This is like stone knives and bearskins. Maybe we can find something in his computer. Oh, he's got a massive database here, but it's protected by an encryption sequence. I'm going to try interfacing my tricorder. Let's see what Henry's been up to all these years. [Rain's Camper van] (Paris is driving.) Incredible. Starling's computer designs were inspired by technology from the timeship. He introduced the very first isograted circuit in 1969, two years after Braxton's ship crash-landed. Are you thinking what I'm thinking, Chakotay? The computer age of the late twentieth century But it did, and it's part a of our history. All because of that timeship. Look at this. Gantry, power conduits, telemetry consoles. This looks like a design for a launching bay. We've got to send these schematics to Voyager for analysis. Janeway to Voyager. KIM [OC] Kim here, Captain. We're in Starling's office. I want you to establish a comm. link with my tricorder and try to upload his computer database. Acknowledged. Let's see if we can find out where the location of that launch pad is. I'm a quick study. Time travel. Ever since my first day in the job as a Starfleet Captain I swore I'm never let myself get caught in one of these godforsaken paradoxes. The future is the past, the past is the future. It all gives me a headache. Maybe it's linked to some kind of surveillance system. An image of the launch bay would give us a clue to it's location. (It turns the world map on the wall into a window. They look down at the Aeon in the launch bay, then the lights are turned on.) Mister Starling, you're about to cause a terrible disaster that will affect the twenty ninth century. An explosion that will cost billions of lives. We're here to stop you from doing that. Well, let's just say we talked to the ship's previous owner. He told us that if it's temporal matrix isn't precisely calibrated, you'll trigger a temporal explosion. That ship shouldn't be here. It belongs to another century. We have to take it back. (Beep.) It's a communication device. Someone's trying to contact me. Janeway here. [Bridge] Do it. [Chronowerx - Starling's Office] If you don't give us that ship, we'll take it by force. Not for long. I've got a starship in orbit that can vaporise this entire building in the blink of an eye. If necessary. Helm, maintain present altitude. Keep us within transporter range. Chakotay, see if you can disable the forcefield around that timeship. B'Elanna, prepare to lock onto the timeship and beam it to cargo bay two. Ensign Kim, you have an impeccable sense of timing. Not bad for your first day in the big chair. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] Starling is using twenty ninth century technology against us. We may not be able to keep up with him. Disengage transporters. Get us back into orbit and I want a full damage report. This is Janeway. [Chronowerx - Starling's Office] Is his programme offline? Unfortunately the Doctor is only one of our problems. Our weapons are offline, Tuvok and Paris are still missing somewhere in Los Angeles, and we've confirmed Captain Braxton's hypothesis. If Starling does attempt a flight to the future, it will most likely end in disaster. I want that timeship. If we can't get to the ship, maybe we can get to the man. Torres, I want Mister Tuvok, report. That's quite all right, Mister Tuvok. What's happened? [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] Oh, we've met Mister Starling. He has the timeship and he's the one who will cause the disaster in the twenty ninth century. [Griffith Observatory - Rain's Laboratory] Tell me about this young woman. Can we trust her? [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] Ask if she'd be willing to help us. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] (Starling enters, goes to his computer and activates the EMH.) Janeway to transporter room one. Lock directly onto the shuttle's pattern buffers and energise. Chakotay, we're taking over from here. Mister Kim, let's go. [Shuttlecraft] He's got what looks like a tricorder. It's putting out some kind of interference signal. Janeway to sickbay. Medical emergency in Transporter room one. Tuvok, we've got Starling, but we've lost contact with Chakotay and Torres. Their shuttle went down over Arizona. Mister Kim is transmitting the co-ordinates to your tricorder. I want [Rain's Camper van] JANEWAY Can you bring him out of it? Welcome to the twenty fourth century. I took the precaution of removing your tricorder. That's what it's called, by the way. It works perfectly. You just don't know how to use it. That's all over now. I've won, so disable the forcefield around Chronowerx. I want that timeship. On the contrary. The thought has crossed my mind. You'd destroy an entire city? You don't care about the future, you don't care about the present. Does anything matter to you, Mister Starling? It doesn't look like that. To get more technology. That's why you're launching the timeship. And the future is just waiting to be exploited. Using technology you never should have had. If you even attempt to travel to the future, you risk creating a temporal explosion that could cost billions of lives, including your own. In my time, Mister Starling, no human being would dream of endangering the future to gain advantage in the present. Computer, reactivate forcefield. Chronowerx' stock is about to crash. [Cellar] Good. Get to them as soon as you can. What? He's got some kind of satellite in orbit. Where's Starling now? Status report, Tom. Thank you, Miss Robinson. I'll keep that in mind. Tom, we've scanned the area. There appears to be a small landing field about ten kilometres ahead of you. [Arizona - Rain's Camper van] Stay on him. [Bridge] Our weapons are still offline and Torres hasn't finished repairing the shuttle. It might all be up to you. [Arizona - Rain's Camper van] Track his course. Janeway to shuttlecraft, return to Voyager immediately. Phasers are still offline. I've armed the photon torpedoes but we still can't fire them. The launch activation sequencers aren't responding. There's no time. Take the bridge, Mister Kim. Should be second nature to you by now. Open the access port to torpedo bay one. I'm going in there to reconfigure for manual launch. You have your orders. [Shuttlecraft] Good. I'm nearly there. Go to warp. We can't loose him now. [Bridge] Janeway to Bridge. I've reconfigured for manual launch. [Bridge] JANEWAY Lock on target. [Bridge] There'll be plenty of time for that, Doctor. [Bridge] Is there a chance in hell we can reopen that rift? Let's see it. On screen. Captain Braxton. You tried to destroy our ship in the twenty fourth century and the next time we saw you, you were an old man, homeless, in 1996. Captain, we've been trying to get home to Earth for the last two years. Can you return us to our century but keep us here, in the Alpha Quadrant? Mister Paris, follow him in. Cheers. To the future. How long will you be out and about, Doctor. One step at a time, Doctor.
That's all right, Doctor. Fifteen minutes of sleep is really all I need. Coffee, black. Maybe you should pay a little more attention to flying and a little less to singing. With a hologram on board, who needs a crew? Really? It could be the wake of another ship. Maybe I should take the controls. Sorry about the image, Ensign. Our comm. system's been damaged. The only way I could send you a signal was through the main deflector. We're fine. Tell Commander Chakotay to meet me in my ready room as soon as we've docked. Janeway out. [Ready room] That's an understatement. We almost didn't make it back in one piece. They're called the R'Kaal. Their technology is decades ahead of ours. Transphasic warp drive, multi-spectral cloaking systems. They could destroy this ship before our sensors knew they were there. I wish that were possible. They control thousands of parsecs from here to the edge of the Beta Quadrant. They're ecological extremists. They believe conventional warp engines damage subspace, so they've outlawed warp travel through their territory. That's the problem. We've already been in their space for three weeks without knowing it. As punishment, their law demands that our ship be dismantled. I spent three hours explaining our situation to their Supreme Archon, a thoroughly unpleasant man. I convinced him to spare Voyager, but at a price. We're going to rendezvous with their armada and surrender our warp core at a class M planet where they've agreed to let us settle. I didn't make this decision lightly, Chakotay. We could try that, and we might make it past their armada, but we could lose a lot of people in the process. Maybe the entire ship. I'm tired, Chakotay. Tired of casualty reports, of continually risking my people on the slim chance that we'll make it home in one piece. Set a course. For now, I'd like to keep this between us. I'll make an announcement when the time is right. Dismissed. [Engineering] I'm sorry to interrupt, but I could use your input on a hypothetical scenario. If we were to eject the core, could it be towed safely at warp? Could you compensate for that? Can you make those modifications to the Delta Flyer's tractor emitters? How long would it take? Get started. We should be prepared, just in case. Let me know as soon as you're finished. (Janeway leaves.) That's right. I heard you the first time. You've already made your concerns clear, Commander, but there's been a slight change of plans. I don't feel well. I've got a headache. I'm going to my Carry on, Commander. [Sickbay] Computer, belay that. My quarters, now. [Janeway's quarters]  Really, Chakotay. Sending the Doctor to check up on me. Then why didn't you come to me directly? I thought we trusted each other. I've told you everything you need to know. There are some decisions a captain has to make on her own. I don't see how that's relevant. This situation's entirely different. I've erected a dampening field around these quarters. I'm sorry, Commander. (Janeway overpowers Chakotay and uses a hypospray to knock him out.) [Morgue]  Computer, secure the doors and establish a level five dampening field around the morgue. (She opens one stasis chamber and beams Chakotay into it. Then she takes his comm. badge and closes the chamber.) [Doctor's office]  I can't do my job with the two of you constantly talking in my head. (She puts her foot up on the desk to reveal the mobile emitter attached to the top of her boot. Then she morphs into the EMH.) Doctor, listen to me. Under no circumstances are you to eject the warp core. I'm giving you a direct order. Stop what you're doing. Doctor, I want you to go to the bridge right now and alert Commander Tuvok. (There are two members of the Heirarchy here, and they still remind me of Vogons. Thanks, Douglas Adams.) That's exactly what he wants you to believe. Did you really think you could outsmart a hologram? How do you know you're not looking at a holographic projection? The Doctor isn't just a physician. His Emergency Command subroutines contain thousands of tactical scenarios. I wouldn't be surprised if Voyager was already on its way here. You do have an option. Leave me behind in an escape pod and I'll forget any of this ever happened. That looks like the charge inverter. (He presses the indicated button, and the object lights up properly.) You're welcome. Your ship must need a lot of replacement parts. These parts could be worth a small fortune. My Chief Engineer is always looking for spare parts. She might be interested in acquiring your entire inventory. Let the Doctor go. I'm the more valuable hostage. I hope you realise you've stranded Voyager in the Delta Quadrant. I expected you to follow my orders. Now it doesn't have either. Chief Tactical Officer's log, stardate 54890.7. With internal sensors offline, I've had to order a section by section search for our missing crew members. Until main power is restored, Voyager remains immobilised and defenceless. [Morgue] If I can amplify your matrix, I might be able to disrupt the forcefield. You said you wanted us to spend more time together. This really isn't the place to be talking about this. Besides, I don't do a lot of socialising. We're going to have to discuss this later. (Nar lowers the forcefield.) What's wrong?  If you don't get him back to Voyager his matrix will be permanently damaged. Can you stabilise his matrix? We're not sure yet. You're going to be all right. Is he You'll probably outlive us all. (Janeway hands him the mobile emitter.) No. You've been keeping to yourself lately. Your friends are worried about you. Oh, I'm not here to make you grovel. I'm here to punish you for your insubordinate behaviour. You're hereby denied the use of your mobile emitter for six days. Since you haven't left Sickbay for a week, we'll call it time served. (She puts the emitter on his sleeve.) I'm sorry to hear that. I was hoping you might be free for a cup of coffee on the holodeck. I know a little sidewalk café in Buenos Aires. You said you wanted us to socialise more. Now, when you're on the holodeck with the captain, there are two rules you have to follow. First, leave your rank at the door. No opera. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
What do you see, Mister Paris? Using some kind of cloaking device. Voyager to Away team. Any unexpected [Planet Surface] JANEWAY We're picking up an unidentified ship in low orbit. Collect your teams and prepare to transport back while we investigate. Do it. (The brief flash reveals the silhouette of a ship.) Kazon. Voyager to Away teams. Return to the ship immediately. Janeway to all senior officers. Please report to the Bridge. [Bridge] (It is a fuzzy image.) Long-range scanners picked up the distress signal three minutes ago. Mister Kim. Can you determine that this ship has sustained genuine damage? Mister Paris, run an extended scanner sequence to identify any other Kazon ships that might be in the area. Maintain scans and set a heading to intercept. I take your warning seriously, Neelix, and we'll act with caution, but if we can help we should. Besides, this may be an opportunity to make a friend and out here, we can use all the friends we can get. [Kazon Ship] (Tuvok, Torres, Seska and Chakotay beam aboard the dark little ship. It's crew seem to be melted into the bulkheads.) Altered? What? You're saying they have some kind of Federation weapon on board? We can't transport it out? How could they possibly have Federation technology? Bridge. Not to my knowledge. Computer, hold turbolift. I don't like number three at all, Tuvok. I want you to personally go through the transmission logs, Tuvok. Compare them to the actual telemetry. See if there's any evidence of prior contact with the Kazon. Who would have had a chance to meet with them while you were on the surface? Why would anyone on this ship betray us? We're all in this together. We need to retrieve that console and get some answers before the rumours get out of hand. Computer, resume. [Engineering] How long will it take to set this up? I want it ready by the end of the day. Understood, Lieutenant. (Janeway leaves.) Who was working on that test? What's their ETA? If we know about them, it's a good bet they know about us. We don't have anything good to tell them. I think we'll wait. Computer, identify who just beamed off the ship from Transporter Room two. If we try to beam her out while she's manipulating subspace, we might kill her. (Seska screams.) Have a seat, Mister Carey. She was promoted to Chief Engineer over you, Lieutenant. That might be difficult for someone in your position to accept. She doesn't. What about before we arrived at the planet? Did you have any reason to signal the Kazon-Nistrim ship? Why Seska? I'd like to believe you, Mister Carey, but somebody did contact the Kazon. And until we know who, I'm going to have to restrict you to quarters. (Carey leaves.) What do you think? He's also had a distinguished Starfleet career. Seska has spent most of the last two years as an enemy of the Federation. How soon will they be here? I wish we had something more definitive to tell them. Open a channel. I am Kathryn Janeway, Captain of the Federation Starship Voyager. We responded to a call for help. Unfortunately, by the time we were able to respond, all but one of the crew were dead. He hasn't regained consciousness. We have him in our Sickbay. We'd be happy to beam you aboard so you can see him. Doctor, this is First Maje Culluh of the Kazon-Nistrim. Could you give us the latest condition report on your Kazon patient? The blood of volunteers from our crew. They saved his life. We've been working on a plan to access the source of the explosion, which should answer a lot of the questions. I'm afraid I can't allow you to do that just yet. There was a trace of a Federation compound in the remains of the explosion. We have reason to believe that someone on board this ship gave technology to your people. Until we have a better explanation of what occurred, I can't release that ship to you. It will have to be. Perhaps by then we'll have the answers we need. I assume they'll want to take him back to their ship. I'd rather not let them do it just yet in case he regains consciousness. There are a lot of questions he can answer. Can I tell them it's not safe to move him? Good. (A needle comes from Culluh's ring and he injects the injured Kazon. Tuvok spots in and leaps forward to grab him.) Get off this ship. (Tuvok escorts the Kazon out.) Complications? Meaning? No. I suggest we wait until we retrieve the console. Janeway to Torres. [Engineering] Your status? Good. Then let's get started. Janeway out. (Janeway leaves.) Open a channel. On screen. As I've already informed you, we're attempting to retrieve the console that caused this explosion. You know, I'm really easy to get along with most of the time. But I don't like bullies, and I don't like threats, and I don't like you, Culluh. You can try and stop us from getting to the truth, but I promise you, if you do I will respond with all the unique technologies at my command. Janeway out. At least not until reinforcements get here. Janeway to Away team. I don't want to rush you, Lieutenant, but I beg your pardon? Acknowledged. Well done, Away team. We'll meet you in Engineering. [Engineering] We may take replicators for granted, but imagine what it would mean to a culture that doesn't have this technology. Can you tell if any part of the console came from out ship? I want a complete report on everything we've found so I can share it with our Kazon friends. [Sickbay] (Chakotay enters, and Kes leaves.) Minor technology that could change the balance of power in this quadrant. Computer, identify destination of transport. Go ahead. Ready a tractor beam. Power down the tractor beam. Set a course out of here, Mister Paris, warp four. Engage when ready. We'll have to wait for another day to settle up with Seska. [Mess hall] (Chakotay goes straight to Tuvok, who is reading at his corner table.)
Hadrosaurs, to be precise. Their ancestors settled in the Delta Quadrant twenty million years ago. It helps being the only Starfleet ship within thirty thousand light years. A little farther than I expected, Professor. Then this should look familiar. It was launched in 2067. In any case, we lost contact with the probe one hundred and thirty years ago but, its last known coordinates Starfleet's mapped out a search grid. It'll take us a little off course, but if the probe is still intact and we're lucky enough to find it, we'll be retrieving a little piece of history. Captain's log, stardate 54775.4. We've been searching for five days without any sign of the probe, but we're not about to disappoint Starfleet on our first official assignment in seven years. [Bridge] Can you localise them? Assemble an away team and take the Flyer down for a closer look. [Sickbay] Why didn't we detect the aliens? Antimatter? Go ahead. The away team?  This is Captain Kathryn Janeway. Who am I speaking with? [Cave]  I think there's been a misunderstanding. We arrived here Yes. [Cave] I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about.  What is it you want? [Cave]  Release my crewmen and we can talk about it. [Cave]  Listen, I don't respond well to threats. [Cave] Start scanning for the nearest M class planet. I'm just keeping my options open. (to Chakotay) You're with me. [Sickbay] A makeshift environmental suit. Let's wake him. (The EMH complies.)JANEWAY: What were you doing aboard our shuttle? If you're referring to what's happened on your planet, we had nothing to do with it. We might be able to help them, too. But not while our crewmen are being held hostage. You said you were trying to undo the damage we caused. What did you mean by that? Then what accounts for the devastation? I'm sorry, but I still don't see how we're responsible. The recording from the probe. I don't understand. Do you really believe we'd contaminate a world we intended to conquer? How many people are we talking about? I don't think Verin's going to let go of his only bargaining chips. Not until we've exhausted every other option. These people believe that we're violent. I'm not going to do anything to reinforce that belief unless it becomes absolutely necessary. [Sickbay] I need a word with your patient. You told me you've been looking for ways to neutralise the radiation. Tell me about your work. [Cave]  The nearest suitable planet is simply too far away so, I'd like to propose [Cave] JANEWAY Please, hear me out. We have one of your people aboard, a Mister Otrin. He has some interesting ideas about counteracting the radiation.  I think his theories have merit. What he's lacked until now is the means to carry them out. If you release the hostages, we can work together. There's a good chance we could undo some of the damage to your environment. [Cave] You don't seem to understand. It would take years to evacuate the entire planet.  What I'm offering you is a realistic alternative. [Cave] Look, I know you've suffered, and I know you don't trust us. [Cave]  Then why don't we start with a small step. You return one of the hostages and I'll send you a supply of food and medicine. [Cave]  Transport him to Sickbay. [Cave] Tom?  If you think murdering one of my crewmen is going to make me more receptive to your demands, you're mistaken. [Cave]  All right, I'll evacuate your people. But our transporters aren't designed to accommodate large groups. [Cave] JANEWAY  I understand. (to Chakotay) My ready room. [Cave] Once he's stabilised we'll transport him to the surface, and send along some food and medical supplies. As soon as I report to Starfleet. [Corridor] I'm sorry. We can't keep him from his mother. Yes, but they didn't want our help. I can't force it on them. You're forgetting something. They killed Mister Carey. I'm not about to risk any more lives to help murderers. How do we apply your methods on a planetary scale? Too bad we don't have a Corps of Engineers to build them. What if we encase the catalytic agent in photon torpedoes? Use the concussive force to start the reaction. We'll have to modify our shields, reinforce structural integrity. Well, let's get started. [Cave] Hail them. [Cave] Otrin, we're ready to begin.  Tom, take us down. (Voyager shudders as it flies through the atmosphere.) Fire the first sequence.(Two torpedoes light up the clouds.) [Cave]  Shields? Not yet. Fire the next sequence. [Laboratory] The detail's amazing. He only had one nacelle to go. I think about our ancestors. Thousands of years wondering if they were alone in the universe, and finally discovering they weren't. You can't blame them for wanting to reach out, see how many other species were out there asking the same questions. But it can't justify the loss of lives, whether it's millions or just one. < Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Now that your Borg implants have been removed, you might think about having children of your own one day. Such as? Consider it done. The Doctor tells me you don't need to regenerate any more. I can arrange some quarters for you, unless you enjoy curling up in the Cargo Bay. All I did was chart the course. You're the one who made the journey. Bridge to Seven of Nine. [Mess hall] Report to the Astrometrics lab. I see no reason to alter course. Keep an eye on your sensors. Now, on to more pressing matters. Does B'Elanna suspect anything? Good. Mess hall, fourteen hundred hours, be on time. I don't want to spoil the surprise. I expect both of you to show up. I'm sure you can spare a few minutes. (Janeway and Paris leave.)  Report. Full power to the shields. (The shockwave hits them broadside on.) Turn our bow into the wavefront. It'll minimise the damage. Or whoever's firing them is a lousy shot. [Astrometrics lab] This is all very intriguing, but I'd just as soon get out of here before we cross paths with another one of these things. Where do we stand on repairs? Can you find a way to detect the warheads before they emerge from subspace? Do it. Even a few seconds' warning would help us. Seven of Nine, report. Full power to the forward shields. Why wasn't Seven at her post?  It was your responsibility to locate those warheads. Not before we took heavy damage. You told Chakotay you'd have those sensor calibrations hours ago. It might've gone faster if you'd stayed at your post, as you were ordered to do. You were on duty. This isn't the first time you've left your station over the past few days. Holodeck two? You've logged a lot of time in there. Mind if I ask why? Well, it must be something important, Seven. Forty nine hours in six days. Of what? I appreciate your efforts to improve our systems, but I can't have you dividing your time right now. When the ship's on alert I expect you to perform your duties. If you need to leave your post, inform Commander Chakotay. Understood? We all make mistakes, Seven. I've even been known to make a few myself. It sounds intriguing, your new gravimetric array. When this crisis is over I'd be happy to take a look. Maybe I can lend a hand. [Astrometrics lab]  Well done. Tom. Range? Evasive manoeuvres. Can you get a weapon's lock? Photon torpedoes, full spread. (Four wasted torpedoes.) Bridge to Seven of Nine. Can you get me anything on [Astrometrics lab] JANEWAY What can you tell me about the detonator? What's the activation frequency? Do it. Seven, status? [Astrometrics lab] How?  At this velocity? The device is too small. You'd never get a lock. All right, Seven, it's up you. [Astrometrics lab] Status.
You've checked the coordinates they sent us? What's the composition of the debris? On screen. What happened to it? There were sixty Vostigye scientists on that station. I'd like to know who they are, and why they'd annihilate a science station. From a ship? Set a course to follow it, Tom. Is there any indication what caused it? What's causing it? Shields up. Red Alert. Tom, back us off. Tom, move us away. Bridge to Engineering. We need power. Ready weapons. We're going to disperse it. Damage report. Maybe we don't want to. We've just witnessed a phenomenon none of us has ever heard of before, much less experienced. On a purely scientific level, I think we owe it to ourselves to investigate. I suspect there are conditions in this part of space that lend themselves to the formation of those eddies. Set sensors for continuous scans of subspace. Maybe we can anticipate the next one. (Janeway's eyes light up. There's coffee in that eddy.) [Doctor's office] Senior staff to the bridge immediately. [Bridge] Tom. I want to send a probe into that anomaly. Can you hold position close enough for us to get accurate telemetry? Tuvok? Maybe we can try a (The eddy vanishes.) That sounds like it's worth a try. Check with the Doctor. Maybe he can give you some kind of protection. If this one follows the pattern of the others, it should begin to collapse within a few seconds. Stand by, Tom. We'll all thank you for that. Is another eddy forming? Tom, get out of there. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] JANEWAY Harry, can you beam him out? Tom, are you there? Say again. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Where are the transporters? Janeway to Paris, do you read me? Harry, when the probe disappeared it kept transmitting. What about Tom's shuttle? See if you can clean it up. Voyager to Tom Paris. Can you hear us? Respond. Calibrate to a theta band frequency. Maybe that'll help. Say again, Tom. You're breaking up. Adjust your transceiver lock and try again. Yes, a little. Where are you? [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Janeway to Paris. How's the transmission now? That's why we can't find you on any of our scans. That's very interesting, Tom, but it doesn't address the problem of how to get you out of there. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Inside one of the eddies? If I had another idea I'd suggest it, but I don't. It's your call, Tom. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Yes, Tom. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] What's wrong? I'm not leaving, Tom. We've got to stay in close if we're going to beam you out. Chakotay, take the conn. Keep us ahead of it, but stay within transporter range. Harry, can you get a lock on him? Tom, how much longer before you clear the eddy? [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Harry, can you get a lock on him yet? Beam him to Sickbay. Chakotay, move us away.
Computer, end display. (Janeway is silver-haired now. She gazes out of her window.) [Admiral Janeway's Apartment - party] (A Bolian waiter is serving drinks. People of all ages are mixing and greeting. A little girl taps the arm of a man with a lot of grey in his hair.) Oops. Here you are, Captain. It's amazing how fast you've all grown. Not well. Oh, that would be nice. You were on a mission. Everyone understood. It's so good to see you, Harry. (The EMH enters with a young lovely on his arm.) What did you tell them? Do you think it will work? He's an old friend. Sorry, B'Elanna, but you know I can't talk about that. She'll be home soon, I promise. (The sound of spoon on champagne flute.) And to those who aren't here to celebrate it with us. [Starfleet classroom] Thank you, Commander. I'm glad to be here. A question already, cadet? As they say in the Temporal Mechanics Department, there's no time like the present. I thought you had a question, Cadet. I'd, er, prefer not to discuss Seven of Nine. Excuse me. (Janeway and her aide leave.) Did you see it? And? Korath has agreed to the exchange? But? I'll be there as soon as I can. Good work, Ensign Paris. [Starfleet Medical - Tuvok's room] (Candles and crumpled pieces of paper scattered all over the floor. The meditation lamp is also being used to provide illumination for his writings. Tuvok is left-handed.)  Hello, Tuvok. Oh, I'm sorry. (Janeway steps inside and the door closes. She is holding something fastened with a white ribbon.) That's right. I'm your friend, Kathryn Janeway, remember? No, Tuvok. It's me. How are you? I'm glad to hear it. I'm sorry. Would you like me to leave? Tuvok, there's something I need to tell you. It's very important. I'm going away and I may not see you again. Commander Barclay and the Doctor will continue to visit. They'll bring you anything you need. Goodbye, Tuvok. [Admiral Janeway's apartment] (Janeway opens the door to her visitor.)  You must be the only Doctor who still makes house calls. I'm perfectly fine. I'm taking a trip. I just wanted to get our appointment out of the way before I left. That's all. Well, now that's out of the way, have a seat. We didn't get to talk much at the party. So, how's married life? Oh, I think it's a little late for that. Marriage is for the young, like your wife. I've been meaning to ask you. Are you familiar with a drug called Chronexaline? And? I need two thousand milligrams by tomorrow afternoon. That's classified. Will you get it for me? Thank you. [Starfleet Communications] The shuttle? Sorry, Reg, but this is my mission. Besides, if you leave there won't anyone to teach those eager young cadets about the Borg. Thank you, for everything. I wouldn't have been able to do this without you.  Any final words of advice for your old captain? Wait, don't tell me. I'm being impulsive. I haven't considered all the consequences. It's too risky. Thanks for the input, but I've got to do what I think is right. (She brushes the leaves off the simple inscription. Chakotay, 2329 - 2394) I know it wasn't easy living all these years without her, Chakotay. But when I'm through, things might be better for all of us. Trust me. [2378 - USS Voyager - Torres-Paris' Quarters]  When? How many false alarms does that make? That baby is as stubborn as her mother. Tell him to put me down for next Friday, twenty three hundred hours. Anything else? Neelix left some pretty big pots and pans to fill. Does Mister Chell feel he's up to the challenge? Plasma leek soup? Chicken warp core don bleu? Oh, I don't know. I wouldn't mind giving his Red Alert chili a try. Feel like having lunch? Absolutely. [Cargo Bay two] (Seven is kneeling on a red and white checkered table cloth and unpacking a picnic hamper.) Any idea where they lead? Alter course, Mister Paris. Ensign, when you speak to your mother, tell her we may need her to move the sofa. [2404 - Starfleet Medical - Tuvok's room] Her disappearance. Relax, Reg, it's not until next week. I'm here because I need to get in touch with Admiral Janeway. I love what he's done with the place. What was that about? I hope you told him I didn't mean to be rude. You are your mother's daughter. Sorry, but this is where we part ways. You're dismissed, Ensign. I can take care of myself. And you've done an exemplary job. But it's over. Understood? I happen to know your parents are anxious to spend some time with you. Take a few days leave. Go and see them. [Laboratory] (Korath is working on a weapon when Janeway is escorted in.) Impressive, but that's not what I've come for. Where is it? I went to a great deal of trouble to get you your seat on the High Council. Now give me what you promised. It's not for sale. We had an agreement. Shields? Bridge to Astrometrics. Any more data on those neutrino emissions? [Astrometrics lab] Distance to the centre?  What is it? Evasive manoeuvres. Tom! (They duck underneath it.) Get us out of here now. [Borg Queen's chamber] BORG Oh yes, we can. I'm sorry, Mister Kim. You may be the captain someday, but not today. [Corridor] (Back in normal empty space.) I've reconsidered your offer. I'll give you the shield emitter, but not until I've inspected the device you're offering. To make sure it's genuine. If you were honourable, you wouldn't have changed the terms of our agreement. Show it to me, or I'm leaving. (Korath nods to the Klingon, and a masking forcefield is lowered to reveal the device. Janeway steps into the alcove to scan it.) This will do just fine. (She slaps a small gizmo on it and taps her tricorder.)  Computer, deploy armour. (Plates of armour appear over the shuttlecraft.) Lay in a course for these coordinates. (A Klingon vessel fires at her as she flies away. The comm. beeps.) What do you want? I'd love to stay and chat, but I'm on a tight schedule. (Transmission ends.) Computer, warp six. (Later -) All stop. Harry. And people are always saying that space is so big. You have no grounds to take me into custody, Captain. On one condition. You let me explain why I'm doing this. [USS Rhode Island - Kim's Ready room] I know what the consequences are if we do nothing. So do you. I have a chance to change all that. You haven't told them? What about your crew? I hope it isn't terminal. I know what I'm doing, Harry. I'm remembering a young Ensign who wanted to fly into a Borg-infested nebula, just to explore the remote possibility that we might find a way home. We didn't know then what we know now. I'm not talking about technology, I'm talking about people. People who weren't as lucky as you and me. You said you and the Doctor wanted to keep things in the family. But our family's not complete any more, is it? I'm asking you to trust my judgment, Harry. One last time. [2378 - Chakotay's quarters] (Seven beams in with a bouquet of flowers.) Senior officers report to the bridge. Judging from the tachyon emissions, some sort of temporal rift. That's what we're trying to figure out. [2404 - Janeway's shuttle] You worry too much, Harry. It's turning you grey. I always assumed it was a one way trip.  Computer, activate the chrono-deflector. (A green light comes on on the top of the shuttle. Two Klingon ships fire at it) Deploy armour. Evasive pattern beta six. Open a channel to the Rhode Island. Red alert. [2404 - Janeway's shuttle] (The Rhode Island returns and attacks the Klingons from astern.) KIM You know where I'm going, Harry, and it's not to your ship. Just get these Klingons off my tail. Computer, activate the tachyon pulse and direct it to these spatial and temporal coordinates. (The pulse creates a rift, and the shuttle flies into it.) [2378 - Bridge] On screen. I did what you asked. Now tell me what the hell is going on. [Borg Queen's chamber] ADMIRAL  Welcome aboard. Would you like a cup? Voyager's in a museum? You made it back to Earth. Who? You know what? I shouldn't be listening to details about the future. You've obviously decided to, or you wouldn't be here. Well, I'm still me, and this is still my ship. So no more talk about what's going to happen until I decide otherwise. Understood? It was crawling with Borg. For the sake of argument, let's say I believe everything you're telling me. The future you come from sounds pretty good. Voyager's home, I'm an admiral. There are ways to defend against the Borg. My ready room even gets preserved for posterity. You've also become a telepath? What is it? Alien technology? Doctor. Just finish your report. Could we install these systems on Voyager? Do it. Captain's personal log, stardate 54973.4. We've begun outfitting Voyager with Admiral Janeway's upgrades. As soon as the major modifications are complete, we'll reverse course and head back to the nebula. Though I've certainly had some strange experiences in my career, nothing quite compares to the sight of my future self briefing my officers on technology that hasn't been invented yet. [Cargo Bay two / Borg Queen's chamber] Why is it so important to her? I wish I shared your confidence. It was one thing to attempt this when we thought it was a secret but if the Borg are monitoring us. We shouldn't push our luck. We'll maintain course for the nebula, but we'll stay at Red alert. And I want continuous scans for Borg activity. [Astrometrics lab] Bridge to Engineering. Deploy armour. Tuvok? Maintain course. (Voyager is scanned by all three Cubes.) Mister Paris, attack pattern alpha one. Target the lead Cube and fire transphasic torpedoes. (One Cube goes KaBOOM!) Target the second Cube. (The Queen watches that one go KaBOOM! too. The third breaks off its attack.) What the hell is it? Belay that. I asked you a question. What is it? You once told me there were only six of them in the galaxy. You knew this was here, but you didn't tell me about it. Why? Take us out of the nebula. You heard me. This is my bridge, Admiral, and I'll have you removed if necessary. Take us out. So how do we destroy it? There may be a way to bring them down simultaneously. Find a way to destroy that hub. Let's take a walk. [Corridor]  I want to know why you didn't tell me about this. We have an opportunity to deal a crippling blow to the Borg. It could save millions of lives. Maybe we should go back to Sickbay. So I can have the Doctor reconfirm your identity. I refuse to believe I'll ever become as cynical as you. What are you talking about? I did what I knew was right. You got Voyager home, which means I will too. If it takes a few more years then that's What? Husband? If I know what's going to happen, I can avoid it. What about him? The hell with it. Is it true what the Admiral said? That there's a cure in the Alpha Quadrant? What about the other Vulcans on Voyager? But members of your family are? If you knew that returning to the Alpha Quadrant was your only chance for recovery, why didn't you object when I asked you to help find a way to destroy the hub? What about your life? A long time ago, I made a decision that stranded this crew in the Delta Quadrant. I don't regret that decision. But I didn't know all of you then, and Voyager was just a starship. It's much more than that now. It's become our home. I know I could order you to carry out this plan and none of you would hesitate for a second, but I'm not going to do that. You know the crewmen who work under you, and you know what your own hearts are telling you. So we're not going to attempt this unless everyone in this room agrees. No one will think less of you if you don't. Go ahead, Harry. I thought you gave it up. Oh? What else, besides the coffee? You were only trying to do what you thought was right for all of us. Maybe we can do more than that. There's got to be a way to have our cake and eat it too. Are you absolutely sure about that? That was before you decided to revive your old habits. (Admiral Janeway smells the coffee.) You're sure you want to do this? Good luck, Admiral. Bridge to Lieutenant Paris. We're ready to get underway. Is there a problem, Mister Paris?  Take us in. Now, Mister Tuvok. (Three torpedoes explode behind them.) [Borg Queen's chamber] Mister Paris, prepare to adjust your heading.  Mister Paris, what's our position? We'll celebrate later. Mister Tuvok? (Tuvok fires a torpedo, and the Sphere explodes from the inside out.) [Starfleet Command] ADMIRAL  We did it. On screen. (They see Admiral Paris, Barclay and the officer.) Sorry to surprise you. Next time we'll call ahead. It's good to be here. It'll all be in my report, sir. Thanks for your help, Admiral Janeway.  You'd better get down there, Tom. Mister Chakotay, the helm. Set a course for home. (The flotilla escorts Voyager to the shining blue and white planet.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Red alert. All hands to battle stations. [Bridge] Tuvok, fire phasers. How do you know that? What is it, Kes? What do you know about them? Evasive manoeuvres, Mister Paris. B'Elanna, can we reroute power to the forward shields? In all my years in Starfleet I've never come across a phenomenon quite like this. Well, we'd better get moving. For all we know, Kes's next jump will take her back to a time when we're not here to help her. Tell me more. [Sickbay] Synaptic relays are operational. How are her vital signs? What about her chroniton count? It's working. Hold on a minute, Mister Neelix. Kes, why don't you start over, slowly. Tom's right. I think we should all leave the future to the future. Hang on a minute. I didn't mean now. Stay and enjoy your party.
 Just how, exactly, did you hear that someone was leaving the ship? Janeway to Tuvok. Could you join us in my Ready room, please? Lieutenant, Mister Neelix has heard on good authority that one of our crew will be leaving the ship in a few days. Naturally, he's curious about the identity of this person. What are the security issues here? Lieutenant Paris has asked to be put off the ship. I'm sure you're aware that he's had some problems lately. All I can tell you is that when he was relieved of duty, he asked me to make arrangements for him to leave the ship. I tried to talk him out of it, but he was adamant. We detected the Talaxian convoy, and they were more than happy to get a pilot of Tom's ability. Of course. He's in his quarters. [Paris' quarters] (Paris is packing when the doorbell chimes.)  Lieutenant, Operations has detected a minute increase in the engine core temperature. Are you aware of it? Keep me posted. Mister Neelix, I'm very pleased with your programme, especially your tribute to Lieutenant Paris. I have several people in mind. Baytart is one. Hamilton. Harry, Lieutenant Paris made his decision with no indication that he had any doubts about it, or that he might change his mind in the near future. We have to accept that and move on. What's our tactical status? We're finished here. Dismissed. Janeway to Neelix. Could you join us on the Bridge, please?  The plasma burst irradiated the engine nacelles. The inner layer of the warp coils was burned away. Do you know any nearby source? Good work, Neelix. Put it on screen. What's happened? Do you have casualties? How can we help? Get him up here now. How did you trace those transmissions to Tom's quarters? What I'm about to say will come as a surprise to you, Commander. There has been a spy aboard Voyager, but it isn't Tom Paris. Some weeks ago, Tuvok discovered evidence of covert transmissions leaving Voyager through the EPS system. We realised there was someone on this ship communicating with the Kazon-Nistrim. We needed a way to flush out the spy, and we had exhausted all conventional means. That's when we thought of using Tom, finding a way to get him on the Kazon ship. Commander, the simple fact is, we needed a good performance. I'm afraid we used you to help Tom provide it. And you did a damn good job. Now it seems Mister Neelix's investigation has made someone nervous. Nervous enough to put a trail in the computer system for him to follow. The spy may be a little cosy now, since you took the bait and pointed the finger at Tom. But we don't want him cosy. I'd rather he feel some pressure. Exactly. I want you to keep investigating, Neelix. Do what you've been doing. Poke around, ask questions. But let people think you're not so sure you were right about Tom Paris. It's up to you, Neelix. This is purely voluntary. Bridge to Engineering. I need you to increase transporter range. Shunt all available [Bridge]  Power to Transporter room two. Let me know as soon as you've done it. We have an incoming shuttle, and we've identified human life signs. [Engineering] JANEWAY Voyager to Paris. We hear you. [Kazon shuttle] We'll get you out of there as soon as we can, Tom. You're still out of transporter range, but we won't change course [Kazon shuttle] JANEWAY As soon as you're on board. Tom, what happened? Are you all right? [Kazon shuttle] JANEWAY  Mister Jonas, we need that transporter now. [Engineering] Stay on it. We'll be in normal transporter range in another minute. Noted. Janeway to Tuvok. Get to Engineering immediately. It's Michael Jonas. Voyager to Paris. [Kazon shuttle] JANEWAY  Transporter room two, do you have him? Return fire. Janeway to Tuvok. Are you in Engineering yet? Bridge to Transporter room two. Lock onto Mister Jonas in Engineering and beam him out of there. Evasive manoeuvres, Ensign. Mister Kim, get those weapons back online. (Neelix climbs the ladder and hits Jonas' knee with the wrench. They wrestle for it as a plasma conduit ruptures. The wrench falls into it. Jonas lunges for Neelix and gets thrown over into the green gas. Neelix reverses what Jonas has done.) Fire at will. Bridge to Tuvok. I'm standing down Red alert.
Lieutenant Paris, report to the bridge immediately. Take your station, Tom. Anything on scans, Harry? Shields to full. (A small spaceship appears.) Let's keep theory from becoming reality. Red alert! Try one more hail. Suggestions? Do it. Nice flying, Tom. Captain Janeway, of the Federation Starship Voyager. Do you need medical attention? (A humanoid with an elaborate nose to forehead structure, with a pair of nostrils at the top as well as bottom.) If you need to make repairs, we might be able to help. We'll beam you aboard in a few minutes. Stand by. Tuvok. [Transporter room] Energise. (Steth is beamed aboard.)JANEWAY: Welcome. I'm glad we could help. Coaxial warp doesn't seem to be the smoothest way to travel. Where are you from? I'll speak to my engineers about helping you with repairs. Without your coaxial drive, it's a long way home. [Chakotay's office] We were beginning to wonder if you were ever coming back. Something wrong, Tom? Enter. Yes. I received a rather disturbing report from Seven of Nine regarding your conduct last night. She claims you were drinking on duty. Don't lie to me, Tom. I checked the computers. You replicated five alcoholic beverages in the mess hall. She also said you threatened her. And is that why you were reading my personal logs? Seven recited a passage which I'd written, word for word. This has to stop, Tom. Your conduct lately has been bizarre, and I've heard far too many complaints from far too many people to dismiss it. Chakotay, the Doctor, Seven of Nine. They're all worried about you. And so am I. Tom! As your Captain and as your friend, I want you to report to Sickbay for some tests. We have to find out if there's something physical that's causing this behaviour. That's an order. [Bridge] JANEWAY No. Take him to Sickbay. Keep security with him. [Steth's ship] Hail them. Welcome back, Mister Steth. I beg your pardon. Maintain your position while we consider your request. End transmission. Hold them in a tractor beam until you hear from me. I have a feeling Steth and his new friend are behind whatever's happened to Tom. No time to explain. I'll be in Sickbay.  [Shuttlecraft] What do you plan to do now? A security team will escort you to your ship and erect a forcefield to contain her. [Holodeck - Grease Monkey programme]
Janeway to Tuvok. Report to Sickbay. It's possible that whoever did this is still on board. Go to Yellow alert. Tuvok, I'm putting you in charge of the investigation. Any signs of an outside intruder? Tabor was well-liked. What's the motive? Commander. You seem awfully convinced that one of the crew was behind this. Now, you can't tell me that's the only logical conclusion, because I can think of a number of others. I didn't think that Vulcans had hunches. Crewman Jor. Computer, locate Crewman Jor. Former Maquis. There hasn't been any hostility between the Maquis and the rest of the crew for years. My crew? Are you any closer to a diagnosis, Doctor? Your investigation? Five crewmen in comas and we don't have a single clue? Two more victims regained consciousness. Crewmen Yosa and Jor. Their bio-readings returned to normal, as if they suffered nothing worse than a good night's sleep. It doesn't make any sense. Any clues here? I'm beginning to think our perpetrator is a ghost. It couldn't hurt. How can you be sure it's a he? Another hunch? I'd say you're taking this a little too personally. Maybe you should take a break. You haven't slept in three days. Get some rest, Meditate. Clear your mind. I don't want to make this an order, Tuvok. I'll go over your scans. Fresh pair of eyes might help.  Filter out the polarised photons. Anyone you know? Tuvok. Tuvok, what's going on? Commander, lower your weapon. How is that possible? Tuvok, can you hear me? Another voice? Whose? This is a holy time. What did you mean by that? That's what the voice is telling you? What do you see, Tuvok? Ignore him. Focus on my voice. Tell me what's happening. Why? Commander. Commander. Is he a member of the crew? Then who is he? The day the first attack occurred, did anything unusual happen to you? A letter? This all started right after we received the last datastream. Stay with him, Doctor. [Sickbay] They've all recovered. We don't know why. It's Tuvok. He's in the brig. Apparently, he's being manipulated by some form of mind control. Can he leave, Mister Paris? There's something I want to show you. [Astrometrics lab] (Tuvok's son is a mature teenager.)SEK [on We found another signal embedded in the message. A letter within a letter. Doing what? Well, apparently he was successful at recruiting our Tactical Officer. These incantations and symbols, they must have triggered something in Tuvok. Preconditioned behaviour, instructions. Commander? I'd like Tuvok to take a look at this message. Maybe it'll jog his memory. (to Seven) Try to decode those symbols. [Brig] His name is Teero Anaydis. He worked for Maquis Intelligence. Go on. Maybe that's all he wanted you to remember. He was developing some kind of mind control technique. We think he used it on you seven What did he do to you? Try. Tuvok, if we're going to help you, we need to find out. The last time you meditated, it helped the memories resurface, didn't it? You've helped me meditate. I think I've learned a thing or two about Is Teero there? Describe what's happening.  Tuvok? Tuvok? [Memory - Teero's lab] Tuvok. Commander. (Tuvok pushes Janeway across the cell. She holds up her hand to stop the guard from firing his phaser. Against protocol, Tuvok still has his comm. badge.)  Janeway to Chakotay. Commander. Pagh'tem'far, b'tanay. What did that mean, Tuvok? Tell me. This Teero has awakened you to do what? If you can remember, you can fight him. You can resist. What does he want? What kind of instructions?  Why were you using mind melds? What did Teero want you to do? Focus on me. What's Teero done to you? The rebellion ended three years ago. You know that.  We're thirty five light years from Earth, Chakotay. No one out here even knows about the Maquis. It doesn't make sense. There's nothing you can accomplish. That's Teero talking. He was unstable, you said so yourself. You said you wouldn't hurt anyone. (Tuvok sets down his glass.)JANEWAY: You're in control of your actions. Not Chakotay, not Teero. Don't do this. (Tuvok fires the phaser at Janeway. It stutters.) No more rebellion? Tuvok, you're all right. It's good to have you back, Commander. [Corridor] I saved you a seat. I'm not sure. Tom said something about a double feature. I've been meaning to ask you. How did you know that phaser wasn't charged? Not exactly ironclad logic. (The lights go down.) Remind me to pay more attention to your hunches.
P'tahk! Prepare to meet your ancestors! (But the other warriors keep pushing her back until one manages to thrust the point of his bat'leth into her chest, knocking her down on her back.) This battle is yours today, but the House of Mo'kai will never yield. (She grabs a mace from a fallen Klingon and resumes the fight. She is interrupted by an Hirogen in Klingon armour.) You should have killed me when my back was turned. Look closely and you'll see your own destruction. I'm no one's prey. (She raises the mace and he stabs her in the stomach.) Welcome to Le Coeur de Lion. I'm Katrine. The first round is with my compliments, on one condition. You leave the war outside. More escargot for table nine. Jacques, no lady tonight? Oh, we'll have to see what we can do about that. (She sits at a table.) Forgive my neglecting you. Now, where were we? Ah, yes, my latest adventure in Paris. (She looks over to the bar and sees Tuvok nod towards the entrance. Two Hirogen Nazi officers are entering.) I'm afraid I'll have to neglect you again. Excuse me. (She goes to the bar.) Our new Kommandant? What's his history? Ah. Let's make him feel at home. Send him a bottle of Chateau LaTour. My compliments. I hate to waste good wine. Give him the '36. Now, now, what's this? Mademoiselle LeNeuf will be happy to sing another song. Just give her a few minutes to freshen up. Freshen up. Kommandant Karr. Your reputation precedes you. I'm Katrine. Le Coeur de Lion is my establishment. The first round is with my compliments, on one condition. You leave the war outside. Charming gentleman. He'll be comfortable soon enough. The arms of France are open to all. What do you mean? The Resistance? In Paris perhaps. But this is a small city, defenceless. We've learned to be a little more diplomatic. When this war is over we want to remain on good terms with the victor. Whoever that may be. (A waiter brings the wine and glasses.) If they do, I'll tell them what I tell everyone. Leave the war outside. (The Hirogen Alpha tries the wine.) What's he talking about? The hunt? Au revoir. (Later, Seven is counting the takings.) How'd we do? Well, it should be enough to buy an oscillator to extend the range of our radio. First thing tomorrow morning I want you to take a little trip to the countryside. There's a Monsieur Groleau who has a cottage just past the third bridge. He's got a wine cellar full of vacuum tubes. Tell him we need a high frequency oscillator. Offer him three hundred francs but don't go any higher than five hundred. Such as? Planning on blowing up a German tank? We're not trying to build an army here. The Americans won't even be able to approach this city without our help. And if they can't liberate Sainte Claire the assault into Germany could fail. We need to be gathering information about German troop movements and relaying it to Allied Command. The moment we start shooting we expose ourselves. Right now, no one suspects us. And I am not about to risk our entire operation because you've suddenly developed a nervous trigger finger. I'm the leader of the movement here and right now my opinion is the only one that counts, so get the oscillator. I think we're all feeling the strain. It's been a hard four years. But believe me, the Third Reich is feeling it too. We just have to hang on a little while longer. Word from the Americans is going to come any day. Again. Why is she so adamant? What she's proposing would put us all at risk. If you have suspicions, my old friend, let's hear them. She's headstrong. Typical of the underground. She's the only munitions expert we have, and she can carry a tune. We need her. Let's keep our eye on her. Have her followed for the next few days. If she is a Nazi infiltrator, we'll have to eliminate her. [Sainte Claire - Street] (Neelix cycles down the road with baguettes and bottles of wine in his panniers.) How recent is this intelligence? Old news. We're closed. You're late. What happened? That's the second time this week. Sounds like they're increasing their patrols. Every fifth letter, every third vowel. Use the Sunday decryption sequence. A, H, C. Straight from Allied High Command. American Fourth Infantry to invade Sainte Claire Tuesday dawn. Require assistance. Disable enemy communications. End message. How? It's too dangerous. If you're caught, you'll be tortured for information. Encode a response to Allied Command. Confirm that we've received their message. Tell them we're proceeding according to plan. [Outside German HQ] (A woman spits at the ground when she sees Torres. Torres goes closer to the building, then grabs at her belly and stumbles. The guard comes over to help her, and they speak in German.) Stay right there, Kommandant. I'm sure she's fine. Let me talk to her. (Janeway goes to Seven at the bar.) What's wrong? Make it a quick one. I promised the Kommandant you'd be singing till midnight. I want to get a lot of information out of him tonight. Look, I don't care if you're dying. Get back out there. Maybe you're right about her. Leave this to me. [US Army - Captain's Tent] (Under a picture of President Roosevelt, a Native American with a nice tattoo over his left eye studies and marks maps.) You'll maintain position here, twenty metres from the front doors. Arm yourself with a submachine gun and watch for any sign of trouble. Now, we've observed a twenty second break in the guard rotation at four fifteen a.m. That should you and me enough time to enter the building through the storm window on the eastern wall. Once inside, we plant the charges, blow the transmitter. You'll remain here. If something goes wrong and we're caught, destroy all evidence of the Underground. Our contact list, decryption codes, everything. We leave in one hour. (Seven looks at a grenade. Janeway picks up a bar of plastic explosive.) This won't make much of a bang. You forgot to connect the detonator. It's lucky I found your little error. It might have undermined our mission. Are you having second thoughts about tonight? Good, because I don't want any more mistakes. Let's hope not. [Mess hall] Set the charges here, here and there. This looks like a message from one of their reconnaissance teams. (Janeway takes the headphones and listens. Seven removes books from a shelf to reveal the holodeck controls.) These must be instructions for troop deployments. The Germans must be taking up new positions outside the city. It looks like they're mobilising more troops than our sources originally expected. (The computer beeps up on the bridge. A monitor at the back of Ops says Holodeck One Access Enabled. Kim works consoles, and one in Sickbay proclaims Neural Interface Access Enabled. The EMH presses buttons to bring up Janeway's personnel file.) They're moving armoured units into the valley. They must know the Americans are coming. We've got to warn them somehow. What are you doing? You haven't set the charges. What is that? You're sending a message to the Nazis. Step away, or I'll kill you. [Sickbay] I told you no more mistakes. You've just made your last one. (Janeway starts to squeeze the trigger on her gun. In Sickbay the console says Neural Interface Disabled. Janeway gets a stab of pain below her ear.) Ow! Seven? Internal scans show thirteen of them on this holodeck.  [Sainte Claire - Street] I can't access the ship's systems Didn't you say this was Nazi headquarters? Then it would stand to reason this building is being targeted. Let's get out of here. (They run out of the front door. A missile makes a direct hit on the building.) [Bridge] (Voyager rocks.) What about the bridge? At least he's alive. The neural interfaces. You said they're controlled through Sickbay. That's our first objective, disable the interfaces. But we'll need help. It's time we mount a resistance of our own. [Bridge] Hold your fire. Are you surprised? That's right. I just came from there. Yes, a munitions lab. Hold on, Captain. There's an easier way to do this with the minimum of casualties. I've located the generator that powers the entire complex. It's heavily guarded, but with your help I can get close enough to set off some explosives. I saw technology in there you can't begin to imagine. Warheads powerful enough to destroy this entire valley if they're accidentally detonated. Call for an air strike, it may be the last call you make. This tunnel. I've been watching this compound for several months, and I've got a man inside. Yhat's why I need your help. If your men can clear these two corridors it'll give us access to this entryway. Get me there, and I can take care of the rest. I work better alone. Order? Do I look like I'm wearing one of your uniforms? I go alone. Even if I manage to disrupt the neural interfaces, we've still got a war to fight. We're going to need something a lot more effective than these old firearms. If something goes wrong and I don't succeed, you'll be the only one left who knows what's really going on. Suspicions? I think we can trust her. She's on our side. I've already made it. You're not to harm her. Is that understood? (Gunfire shatters a window.) Does that bother you? I guess when it comes to my people's safety, this girl tends to get a little gung-ho. I know the feeling. We're about to enter some caves that run under the town. We're going to meet our contact there. I should warn you. There are eccentric people who live in the caves, but don't be alarmed. [Holodeck two - Klingon programme] We're friends, allies. The house of K'toh-maag. I'm not surprised. It's a long way from here. Maybe not. But we'd be honoured to fight alongside such great warriors. If you prefer, we'll take our weapons elsewhere. Don't drink it. It's twice as strong as whisky. I'll be right Yes. We've got to disable the rest of those interfaces. We don't have time. I'll access the Jefferies tube that runs under that deck plate, set a few charges and blow out the console. No problem. I've got all the ammo I need right here. With the safety protocols offline, they're as good as the real thing. (They return to the Klingons.) Yes. I'll contact you when I've disabled the rest of the interfaces. In the meantime, stay here. Believe me, it's peaceful compared to Sainte Claire. Captain. Damn, there's a level nine forcefield around the surgical console. We'll have to go in and shut it down. I'll explain later. Set the detonator for five minutes. [Doctor's office] Get him out of here. I see you've done some redecorating. No. We'll destroy this ship before we surrender it. Well, by then this ship will be damaged beyond repair and there won't be much of a trophy left, will there? Good luck. You'll get the same response from all of them. I know what's at stake. Your sick little game. Then what is it? Future? You underestimate us. I'm listening And confine your killing to holograms? Oh, I understand what you're trying to do, but then why have you been torturing us? Why have you thrown my crew into one brutal simulation after another? How so? Yes. You've got one of those moments running right now on the holodeck. We called it World War Two. It wasn't easy. Let's end this. I'll call a ceasefire and we can try to contain the damage. I want my ship back, but in return I will give you what you need to create the holodeck technology. It would be cunning for you to agree. [Le Coeur de Lion] It's true, Tuvok. [Bridge] Our first order of business is to call off the troops. I want you to find Chakotay [Le Coeur de Lion] JANEWAY These sensors indicate you've placed holo-emitters on decks five through twelve? No wonder the system breached. You've turned Voyager into one big holodeck. Yes, but I'm going to have to initiate an overload. We'll worry about making repairs later. Right now we've got to put an end to those simulations. Janeway to Ensign Kim. [Bridge] Harry, I'm going to need your help overloading the holo-emitter network. [Holodeck lab] I'm transferring optical processor control to you now. Start charging the secondary power relays. [Bridge] JANEWAY It's going to take some time. There are over eight hundred emitters that we have to (Turanj enters, armed with a rifle.) What are you waiting for? TURANJ: I am a hunter. You are my prey. Run.(Janeway runs into the corridor. Turanj follows.) [Sainte Claire - Street] This hunt is over. Tell your hunters to stand down. I'll use this if you force me to.(Turanj steps forward. Janeway shoots him and he falls backwards into the holodeck, down three decks. Seven seconds to holo-emitter overload.) [Sainte Claire - Street] An optronic datacore. You can use it to create holodeck technology on your own vessels. I made a promise with your leader before he died, that I would give this knowledge to the Hirogen. Take it. Was he any more unconventional than you are? Calling a ceasefire with your prey? Only a few days ago, the thought of speaking with us on equal terms would've been inconceivable, but here we are. Accept this trophy. You can use it to create a new future for your people. At the very least, you can hang it on your bulkhead.(She hands it to him, and he bows his head briefly. Janeway returns the gesture and the Hirogen leave Voyager to sail on alone.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I think it’s a great idea. Absolutely. This competition is just the sort of break we need. It would give us the chance to make some friends, and allow the crew a little R and R. Request granted. One thing, gentleman. Now that we’re in this race, we’re in it to win. After all, Starfleet’s honour is at stake. We're always willing to go that extra light year for a good cause. Go ahead, Commander. Route it here. It's that serious? So, every time you make a concession to one participant Maybe we can help. By providing neutral ground for the pre- and post-race activities. Since we've never taken sides in your conflict, you couldn't be accused of showing favouritism. Ambassador. Mister Tuvok, fire. (A low-yield photon torpedo flares gently as the starting signal, and the competitors zoom away past the windows of the mess hall.) [Delta Flyer] Sounds like quite a race. I'll read it later. Want to talk about that report now, Tuvok? Intentionally? Oh, it's hard to believe someone would go this far just to knock a competitor out of the race? Maybe I'm missing something, but we're talking about a single act of sabotage. How does that threaten your treaty? The last time I checked, I believe we were winning. [Corridor] Damn. Janeway to the bridge. Report. Excuse me. [Delta Flyer]
Take us through it again, Mister Barclay, one step at a time. Maybe it'll spark an idea. What's your idea? You've outdone yourself this time, Reg. Put together a team. Use whatever resources you need. [Holodeck - Voyager Engineering]  Mister Barclay, I want an explanation for what's going on aboard my ship. You've never given me any reason to doubt you before. Bridge to Engineering. Report. Janeway to Security. Intruders on the bridge. Harry, get down to Engineering. Seal that breach. Captain to all hands. Abandon ship.  Go ahead, Seven. A micro-wormhole. [Astrometrics lab]  Let's hear it, Harry. Try applying a narrowband filter to the signal processor. That doesn't give us much time. To send a message back through and hope Mister Barclay is listening. [Pathfinder lab] Starfleet Command, come in. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway. Do you read me? It's good to hear your voice, Lieutenant. We've been waiting a long time [Pathfinder lab] JANEWAY  Understood. We are transmitting our ship's logs, crew reports and navigational records to you now. We'll implement them as soon as possible. [Pathfinder lab]  Hello, sir. Very well. They're an exemplary crew, your son included. [Pathfinder lab] ADMIRAL He heard you, Admiral. [Pathfinder lab]  We appreciate it, sir. Keep a docking bay open for us. [Pathfinder lab] JANEWAY Well, whatever his problems, he certainly came through for us. Care to do the honours, Tom? Here, here. To Mister Barclay. [Barclay's Apartment]
Have you tried locking on to their comm. signals? Are you saying walls of solid rock have changed shape in the two days since the away team was deployed? Ensign? Breadcrumbs. Got it. Very well, Commander, take a team with you, but I want a transporter lock on you at all times. Go ahead Commander. Mister Ayala, scan for any alien vessels in the sector. Commander, we know from past experience that our phasers can disrupt that forcefield. I want to find out what's in there. [Tunnels] But I don't want you taking any unnecessary risks. We'll be [Bridge] Standing by to implement an emergency beam out. [Tunnels] Try reconfiguring your phaser to match the band width modulation. Now that the Vidiians know we're here, we have to be prepared for the possibility they'll call in reinforcements. Is there any way to scan inside it? If it's the same kind of forcefield that the Vidiians used the last time we ran into them, why didn't our phasers breach it? If the Vidiians can move in and out of there, so can we. Start setting up simulations. Find a way to get through that forcefield. [Laboratory] Just how small are these microfissures? Would it be possible to use our phasers to expand one of these openings as it's forming? And then, presumably, we could beam everyone back to the ship. Moreover, what's to prevent whoever goes in from being captured by the Vidiians. Good. Are you ready, Mister Chakotay? On my mark, Mister Kim. Energise. Well, now we wait. [Tunnels] (Klingon B'Elanna takes the Talaxian prisoner.) Mister Kim, can you get a lock on Commander Chakotay? Loud and clear, Commander. [Laboratory]
 This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager. We're responding to your distress call. Transport the injured to Sickbay and the rest to Cargo Bay one. I want security teams at both locations. [Cargo Bay one] (Nine people are beamed in, three in dark overalls, six in light overalls. Tuvok and his team enters. The Actually, we were headed in the opposite direction. Commander Tuvok will help you make arrangements. (Tuvok and Yediq leave.) I can't say I like it either, but we have a Prime Directive to follow. [Sickbay] How are you? Yes. I'm afraid I can't do that. (Iko and the other injured prisoner are behind the surgical bay forcefield. He proves it by pushing against it as long as he can.) Janeway to Tuvok. Are the prisoners' accommodations ready? Then by all means, initiate transport. [Cargo Bay one] How do you justify beating a defenceless man? You seem to have a pretty good grasp of it yourself. That doesn't excuse what you did to him. Until your transport vessel gets here, you and your men won't be allowed in the cargo bay. You're in charge of the prisoners. Not as long as you're aboard my ship. I won't risk any more violence. Tuvok has been a Starfleet Security officer for a very long time. Believe me, he's qualified. Did that happen when he was assaulted? You've activated his conscience. Well, that would explain why he's suddenly experiencing guilt. Capable maybe, but how do you know he will? No one's denying that he committed a terrible crime. But as a result of the Doctor's treatments he's undergone a fundamental change. Killing him won't accomplish anything. Listen, we could debate this all day but the fact is, our personal opinions are irrelevant. All that matters is Nygean law. Then I'd like you to help Commander Tuvok draft an appeal and submit it to the proper authorities. [Sickbay] We just received a response from the Nygeans. The family has refused to consider the appeal. They won't look at it. That's enough, Seven. I assure you, we'll abide by the family's decision. Now I need a moment alone with Seven, if you don't You barely know this man. Why are you so passionate about helping him? Atonement. Is that what this is about? For him, or for you? I think part of you still feels responsible for the violent acts you committed when you were a Borg. Am I? Maybe you believe if Iko is found not guilty, somehow you won't be guilty either. You said it yourself. You've reclaimed your humanity. It's time you stopped blaming yourself for the crimes of the Collective. (Whumph!) [Bridge]  Report. The cargo bay. (Tuvok leaves) [Cargo Bay one](The forcefields fail and some prisoners overpower the guards.)PRISONER: Follow me. Let's storm the bridge.(Iko stays in his cell.)[Bridge]CHAKOTAY: Shields down to sixty percent. Evasive manoeuvres. Target their weapons. (The Nygeans shoot one of the prisoners in a corridor.) Target their transporter array. No. We have more immediate problems. Bridge to Tuvok. What's your status? [Corridor] Lock them out. [Outside the Shuttlebay] Transporters are offline. We need at least ten minutes to get them up and running. [Cargo Bay one] I'm sorry. The family has denied your appeal. I'm impressed. It usually takes a few days to finish one of these. B'Elanna tells me you did it in twenty two hours. Everyone grieves in their own way. If you want to talk, you know where to find me. I think so too, Seven. But we have to try not to judge their system. You lost twenty years of your life to the Borg. I'd say that's punishment enough. < Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I'll be right with you. The station manager didn't tell me the vines were prehensile. I went to put some water in the pot and it grabbed me. Put it down anywhere. Thank the Kinbori for me and give them a token of our esteem. (She hands Chakotay a book.) Come in. Doesn't it look like Christmas morning in here, Commander? A broken ODN line, some missing personal items, a damaged scanner relay. All in all, not that bad. Oh. Some of these incidents are a little more serious but, on balance, I still think we did the right thing. Well as far as I'm concerned, opening the ship has been a fascinating experience and an unqualified success. I'm very pleased. Ooh, ow! It's got me by the hair! [Astrometrics lab] You said you recognised them. Do you know why they were trying to access your memories? How long have they been disconnected from the Collective? Revive them. I'm Captain Janeway. We know who you are and we know what you were trying to do. What we don't know is why. What kind of information? You want to break the neural link between the three of you? Doctor, is there anything you can do?  A friendly game?(Paris has a black eye.) I see. Perhaps you could explain to me how this friendly game turned into a street brawl? Skip the recruiting speech. You were looking for a bar. Then what? You mean one of those? Because you'd been drinking. A little out of hand? Seven Voyager crewmen, including two bridge officers, along with thirteen Kinbori and one Morphinian café owner, all arrested. The charges range from disorderly conduct to assault on a security officer. Thank you, Mister Kim. I'll note that exception in my log. You're both confined to quarters until further notice, after you report to Sickbay. That's all. Well, did you win? Good. Dismissed. (Paris and Kim leaves, Seven enters.)JANEWAY: Any progress? So you believe the Collective deliberately wiped your recollections of the reassimilation process? But? Something must have happened during the process. Something they wanted to hide from you. Let's look at this from a different perspective. Why would the Collective lock them into a neural triad in the first place? They obviously did it for some reason. And I get the feeling that if we can answer that question, the rest should fall into place. But I wish we could find a way to close the gaps in your memories. I assume there's a reason you didn't mention it before now? You're not eager to revisit that experience, hmm? Turning the triad into a quartet. I won't ask you to take that kind of risk. Let me ask you something. Do you think of these people as family? There's an old saying. Blood is thicker than water. It means that the ties of family run deeper than any other kind of relationship. We'll often do things for members of our family we'd never dream of doing for anyone else. [Corridor]
Assuming we do find dilithium on this planetoid, we're going to need a refining facility on the ship to process it. The impulse reactor? Sometimes I think B'Elanna goes out of her way to find solutions that ignore Starfleet procedures. I'm sure it can. Tell her I want regular reports on her progress every step of the way. Are you sure you won't join me for breakfast? I was thinking of having eggs Benedict with asparagus, strawberries and cream. I said I was thinking about it. I'm actually having ration pack number five. Stewed tomatoes with dehydrated eggs. I'll see you on the bridge. [Mess hall - kitchen] (Captain Janeway walks through the door into a steam-filled room, and her jaw drops open. Neelix has a pair of large pans sizzling away on blazing braziers. He seasons them, then puts some food onto a metal tray and hands it to a crewman across a serving counter.) What is going on here? I could say the same thing. What are you doing? You have turned this into a galley? Neelix, who approved this? Well, you might have asked me first. This used to be my private dining room. If you had checked the ship's directory, you would have noticed that cabin one two five alpha deck two is designated as the Captain's private dining room. Go ahead. On my way. I want you to come with me. We will deal with this later. What have you found? How much dilithium are we talking about? Commander, take an away team down into those caves and do a preliminary geological analysis. Lieutenant, you'd better get your dilithium refinery on-line. Very well, Mister Neelix. (Neelix joins Chakotay and Kim in the turbolift.) How could anyone remove his organs so quickly? It appears that Neelix was attacked. We don't know how it happened, but someone has surgically removed his lungs. (Kes goes to Neelix's bedside.) Did you find any evidence of the life sign that Neelix reported? Can't we fit him with a pair of artificial lungs? Commander, I'm taking an away team back to the planet. You're in charge until we return. Inform Mister Tuvok I want three armed security detachments to accompany us. Issue type three phasers. (Janeway, Chakotay and Kim leave.) Neelix said there was a life sign two metres behind this wall, but my tricorder says there's nothing but solid rock for another fifteen metres. Wait a minute. The rock is warmer here. Let's make a little heat of our own. (The four line up in the cavern entrance and fire phasers at the rock face. The tunnel appears.) There's a chamber down this corridor. [Sickbay]  This looks like some sort of storage facility. Any sign of Neelix's lungs? Save the cataloguing for later, Tuvok, according to my tricorder there was a lifeform in this room less than ten minutes ago. Open it. One life sign twenty metres ahead. Let's go. [Tunnel] (Kim spots someone and shoots, forcing him to drop his weapon. Janeway picks it up. It is a curious two-pronged design. Their way is blocked by a rockface.) Go ahead. Tractor them [Tunnel] Commander. Beam us back. As soon as we're aboard lay in a course for pursuit.  [Bridge] JANEWAY Janeway to Paris. Please report to the bridge. So it sounds like we're dealing with aliens who've developed a technology specifically designed to locate and extract organs from other beings. Why? On screen. Hold position here. Mister Kim? Any sign of weapons or defence systems? How large is that crater? How do you know what I'm about to do? One of these days I'm going to surprise you, Tuvok, but not today. I've already considered other options. If Neelix has any chance of surviving, we have to act fast. Red alert. Mister Paris, lay in a course. Mister Tuvok, maximum shields. Phasers at the ready. (Voyager heads into the crack in the asteroid.) Use your discretion, Mister Paris. Any sign of the vessel, Lieutenant? You're doing fine, Mister Paris. Just fine. Can you determine which ship is the real one? It's like trying to move through a hall of mirrors. You never know when you're going to walk into the glass. That's a chance we're going to have to take. Tuvok, extend the deflectors to maximum range. If we do run into something, it'll give us an extra margin of error. Follow the ion trail, Mister Paris, slowly. Mister Kim, continuous scans. Janeway to Torres, what's going on down there? B'Elanna, shut down the warp core.  [Engineering] JANEWAY Keep me informed. [Bridge] Bridge out. Can you pinpoint the source of the dampening field? Tuvok, what would happen if we locked phasers and fired at the source. All right, we won't try that. So we could use the phasers like a searchlight, scan the interior of the station until we find the ship. Do it. (Lots of orange lines criss-cross the chamber.) On screen. (It is right in front of them.) Mister Paris, bring us within transporter range of that ship. Bridge to transporter room three. Lock onto those two life signs and beam them aboard. You're on the Starship Voyager. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the United Federation of Planets. You attacked one of our crewmembers and you have lured us into this asteroid. Why? A virus? Some kind of disease? So you harvest the bodies of other beings to replace your own tissues as they're consumed by this phage? I have a great sympathy for what your race has endured, but I cannot allow you to keep the organs you removed from one of our crew members. We need them back immediately. So now I am left with the same choice you made. Whether to commit murder to save a life, or to allow my own crewman to die while you breath air through his lungs. I can't begin to understand what your people have gone through. They may have found a way to ignore the moral implications of what you are doing, but I have no such luxury. I don't have the freedom to kill you to save another. My culture finds that to be a reprehensible and entirely unacceptable act. If we were closer to home I would lock you up and turn you over to my authorities for trial, but I don't even have that ability here, and I am not prepared to carry you forever in our brig. So I see no other alternative but to let you go. Take a message to your people. If I ever encounter your kind again, I will do whatever is necessary to protect my people from this harvesting of yours. Any aggressive actions against this ship or it's crew will be met by the deadliest force. Is that clear? I can tell you, from what we've observed of them, that they are considerably superior. I'll take you to him. [Sickbay] (Dereth uses his scanner on Neelix.) I look forward to sampling your cooking, Mister Neelix. Well, at least until we get the replicators back online.
This is a ship of exploration, Mister Tuvok. [Engineering] (Still black and white, from the object's viewpoint.) This is your show, Lieutenant. Whenever you're ready. The relays are holding. What about increasing the capacitance of the relays? Leaving the automated units to fend for themselves. I don't doubt your abilities, B'Elanna, but helping them reproduce is a clear violation of the Prime Directive. I'm not saying they don't have the same rights as any organic species. That's not the issue here. Maybe. I'd have to know more about the circumstances. But we're not talking about treating a disorder here, are we? Unlike a species whose become sterile, the robots never had the ability to reproduce. What you're talking about is giving them new abilities, which is the equivalent of altering their genetic structure. You can't call it a flaw. This is the way they were designed. Unfortunately extinction is often the natural end of evolution. We don't know that's going to happen. If they're adaptable, as you say, and capable of educating themselves, they might very well learn to build a power module themselves some day. I feel for the robot's plight, but what you are proposing is exactly the kind of tampering the Prime Directive prohibits. We know almost nothing about these creatures or the race that built them. What would be the consequences of increasing their population, both to their own civilisation and others in this quadrant? Who are we to swoop in, play God and then continue on our way without the slightest consideration of the long term effects of our actions? B'Elanna, I share your scientific curiosity and I admire your compassion, but the answer is no. [Engineering] Yellow alert. Slow to one quarter impulse. Put them on screen, Ensign Kim. Magnify. That's all right. Let them take a look. Open a channel. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We rescued one of your crewmembers, unit 3947, and we'd like to return him to your ship. Bridge to Transporter room two. Janeway to Torres. (Tuvok leaves.) Override. Transport her back now, Mister Kim. Hail them. Open a channel on wideband subspace. This is Captain Janeway. Your abduction of our crewmember is a clear act of aggression. If you do not return her immediately, we will be forced to retaliate. Confirm that they've received the transmission, Mister Kim. Mister Tuvok, power the forward phaser banks. [Pralor vessel] (A metal workbench cum bed moves upright and Torres steps off.) Mister Tuvok, any luck penetrating their defence field? Commander, is there any sign that they're preparing to attack? Mister Tuvok, I don't want you to hit their ship, but I do want you to open a hole in their shielding wide enough to transport through. Mister Kim, match the targeting scanners to the coordinates of the phaser fire, and stand by to beam B'Elanna back. Fire. That's progress. Fire again. (Whumph! The Pralor vessel fires Caretaker-like energy pulses at Voyager.) Lieutenant Tuvok, load torpedo bays one through four and stand by to fire on my order. [Pralor vessel] (Torres and 3947 are watching the fight on a monitor.) Agreed. We'll try to come back for B'Elanna later. Do it, Mister Paris. Warp three. On screen. We'll be all right. What about you? Lieutenant. We're not sticking around that long. I want a plan to get B'Elanna off that ship before she has a chance to finish building the prototype. Agreed. Mister Kim, can you give me an estimate on repairing the dilithium matrix? Like twenty four hours too long. Dismissed. [Pralor vessel] Is that a viable option? They were able to knock out Voyager's shields in a matter of minutes. A shuttle would be even more vulnerable. I don't want to risk that a second time. In another twelve hours our warp engines will be back online. I'd like to come up with a diversion before then. Okay, gentlemen? [Pralor vessel] Good. What about our diversion. Any suggestions? I like it. But do we have enough power? Go ahead. We're on our way. [Pralor vessel] (Torres puts her new power module into a Unit.) Is it possible that we've stumbled into the middle of some kind of robotic war? Agreed. But first I want to show both those ships this isn't our fight. Ease us back on manoeuvring thrusters, Mister Paris, nice and steady. On screen. (It is a golden robot.) My name is Kathryn Janeway, Captain of the Federation Starship Voyager. I'm afraid I can't do that. One of my crewmembers is being held hostage aboard the Pralor vessel. I won't leave without her. The diversion we've been looking for. Mister Kim, what's the status of our warp engines? We may not have an hour. Get down to Engineering. Be ready to give me as much power as you can the minute we get Torres back. If those two ships keep each other busy we may not need warp to get away. Mister Paris, report to the shuttle bay. Chakotay, you have the con. [Pralor vessel] Acknowledged, Mister Paris. Bridge to Engineering. Standby warp engines. We'll engage the moment Mister Paris gets back. As far as I'm concerned, you did what you thought was necessary to ensure the safety of this crew. It must have been difficult. To destroy what you created. I read your report. It was no small achievement, B'Elanna. You gave that unit life. As I said, it must have been difficult.
A stable transuranic element inside a natural environment. This is a first. That's assuming we can mine it. Ensign, try and locate the highest concentration of the element. Good idea. Commander, you're in charge. Arrived from where? What about the element we discovered? [Cavern] I'm afraid I agree with Commander Chakotay. Set your tricorders for passive scans. I don't want to disturb anything. Very well. Keep me informed. [Cavern] JANEWAY We're having trouble locking onto your signals. Stand by. [Transporter room] Bridge to Transporter Room Three. Do you have them? Scan the asteroid. Seska, initiate emergency transport procedure [Transporter room] JANEWAY How were you able to revive her? Why was she covered with this biopolymer? Explain. Can you wake her? I know this must be very confusing for you, but you're all right. My name is Kathryn Janeway. Your brother? I'm afraid he's not here. Ptera, we were able to remove the tumour from your brain. You're going to be all right. We revived you because one of our No. No, it's not. You're on a starship. Let me explain. We need to focus on those vacuoles. Concentrate on trying to probe them with a high resolution subspace scans. See if you can find any sign of Mister Kim. Go ahead. I'm on my way. You have the Bridge. [Sickbay] You've told me quite a bit. At least now I have an idea of what might have happened to Mister Kim. Is there anything I can do for you? About what? We're not sure exactly. But from what we do know, the vacuoles deposit the bodies on the asteroids in this ring system. I'm not sure what you mean. Ptera, I know this must be frightening for you. You've been through a very traumatic experience. It would frighten me. But please try to understand. Just because I don't have the answers to your questions doesn't mean there aren't any. Ptera, I am going to do everything in my power to figure out just how you got here. And as soon as I know anything, I will tell you, all right? Janeway to Bridge. Report. [Bridge] Janeway to Engineering. B'Elanna, what's going on? [Engineering] I'm reading another vacuole forming on the ship. Tuvok, try remodulating the shield harmonics. This is odd. Three bodies have appeared on Voyager so far, and each one of them has released some kind of neural energy. In every case, the energy has passed through the hull and out into the rings. The energy's frequency is identical to the ambient radiation in the asteroid field. (Whumph!) The vacuoles have all formed within twenty metres of the warp core. They might be attracted to it. Janeway to Bridge. Mister Paris, lay in a course. I want to get [Bridge] JANEWAY Any other subspace vacuoles forming? Begin working on a way to protect the warp core from these vacuoles. We're doing everything we can to get you back home, Ptera. Once we locate our missing officer, we're hoping he might be able to tell us enough to Explain. Ptera, you should know that there's no guarantee this is going to work. All right. Commander, prepare a subspace transponder and teach Ptera how to use it. You understand the instructions for Mister Kim if you find him? Acknowledged. Good luck, Ptera. Abort the procedure. Pull her back. Shunt emergency power into buffer tank four. Is there any brain activity? Can we revive her? Janeway to Lieutenant Torres. How long until we have to leave? That gives us two hours to find Mister Kim. We'll have to stay within high-range scanner range. Perform another subspace scan. This time extend the scan radius to ten AU. I'm on my way to Engineering. Janeway out. Ensign, beam her onto one of the asteroids. That's where she was meant to be. (Janeway leaves.) Status on the warp core, Lieutenant. Very well. Mister Paris, bring us about. Prepare to resume our (Whumph!) Human? Janeway to Seska. There's a body on deck twelve. Beam it directly to Sickbay. Mind if I join you? Thank you. So, how are you feeling? You're off duty for the next two days. It's not a reflection on your capabilities, Ensign. I just want to give you a chance to reflect on what's happened. This may not make much sense to you now, a young man at the beginning of his career, but one of the things you'll learn as you move up the ranks and get a little older is that you wish you had more time in your youth to really absorb all the things that happened to you. It goes by so fast. It's so easy to become jaded, to treat the extraordinary like just another day at the office, but sometimes there are experiences which transcend all that. You've just had one, Mister Kim, and I want you to live with it for a little while. Write about it, if you feel like it. Paint. Express yourself in some fashion. The Bridge will still be there in two days. I wouldn't be so sure of that, if I were you. That neural energy their bodies release, it becomes part of the ambient electromagnetic field surrounding the planet. Our readings also indicate the energy's unusually dynamic. There's a great deal of variation and pattern complexity, quantum density. I'm not certain, but I am certain about this. What we don't know about death is far, far greater than what we do know. See you in two days, Ensign.
Deja-vu. On screen. Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. We're not from around here. Red alert! (The two ships trade phasers and torpedoes.) Hail them. We've got to put a stop to this. You will explain yourself, Mister Kim, but right now you're relieved. Commander, you're at Ops. Get us out of here. Bridge to Engineering, what's the status of the warp drive? [Engineering] Target their weapons array and fire. I want to know exactly what you thought you were doing. I trust your intentions, Ensign, but your actions are going to need a little more justification. I want you to analyse the sensor logs, and see if there's any basis for Mister Kim's hunch. In the meantime I'm suspending you from duty. Go to Sickbay. Let the Doctor have a look at that cut. [Sickbay] (Torres is on a biobed, unconscious.) Harry, they were charging weapons. Tuvok has confirmed that the tetryon surge matched the energy signature of that particulate beam they shot at us. They would have taken us completely by surprise. Which brings us back to the larger question. We'll have to consider every possible explanation. Then there's your sudden illness, which may not be a coincidence. On my way. [Bridge] Can we outrun them? Is this another hunch, Ensign? Tactical status. Follow Harry's course. Speed, as fast as we can go. (Later -) Slow to impulse. We're making our stand here. What does that mean? Do you know this place? Prepare for evasive manoeuvres. Open a channel to that ship. We'd like to ask some questions before we start celebrating. But Harry wasn't trying to return here. We came to the Delta Quadrant by accident. I want to thank you again for your help in combating the Nasari. Do you have any idea why they tried to attack us? Are the Nasari likely to attack us again when we leave your space. Of course, Harry. Contact us when you're ready. Why haven't they shown up in his medical scans before? The Taresians must have found a way to manipulate genetic material to implant very specific knowledge into their children. So what the Taresians have been telling us appears to be true. Harry is one of their people. I wonder how that's going to influence him when Voyager's ready to leave? Of course, when that might happen is another question entirely. Are the Nasari still out there? [Sickbay] Even if we can wait them out, we'd only be postponing another conflict. I'd much rather find a way to convince them we're not their enemies. Contact Harry. Let him know we'll be leaving orbit. With any luck, we'll be back in a few hours with this matter resolved. [Taresia] I'm glad to hear it, and I hope you'll still feel that way when Ensign Kim is back on board. What do you mean? I'm not interested in hearsay. Are there any facts you can give me? I don't know, but I'll feel better when we've got Harry back. Set a course back to the planet. (Later.) Polaron grid? It wasn't here before. Hail them. Could a shuttle make it? And we saw what they can do. Do you have any idea how this new DNA could have gotten into his cells? Is there any way to determine exactly when he was infected? So Harry gets infused with alien DNA which gives him the instinctive urge to come here. Then the Taresians tell him this elaborate story to make him believe he was one of them. Why? And by keeping us away, they're making the decision for him. [Kim's room] You really have been special all your life. That doesn't give you much time to get a lock on Harry. Are the shields ready? Set a course for the target coordinates and engage at full impulse. Battle stations. [Taresia] (Kim is surrounded by women with staves, and they know how to fight with quarterstaffs.) Return fire. Time to intercept? Harry. I'm counting on the Taresians not to back off from those Nasari ships. Good. Let's hope they're more interested in fighting with each other than with us. Let's not give them a chance to change their mind. [Mess hall]
We did, but I need to access your warp assembly. We have to reconfigure the assembly if we're going to finish this job. We've come this far. You might check the antimatter injectors. All you need now is a jolt of antimatter from Voyager's engines and you'll be back in business, but I need access to your warp assembly. You know, I can understand why you're distrustful of other species. Frankly, we've had a rough time in the Delta Quadrant ourselves. But our two species have made remarkable progress working together to repair your engines. We've come a long way since you ignored our opening hails. Let's not throw all that away. We're both on long journeys, looking for allies. In many ways, we're like cousins. Well, distant cousins. Think about it. Four hundred years ago you started out the same way we did, a single starship, a small crew, facing the unknown. And now, centuries later, you've grown into a generational ship with a history and culture all your own. When I look at your vessel, I can't help but wonder if I'm seeing Voyager's future. Our journey could easily last several generations. So, what do you say, cousin? Thank you. (Torres and Paris enter. He is carrying a box.)JANEWAY: Status? Then let's get started. Janeway to [Bridge] JANEWAY Initiate the transfer. (Chakotay nods to Tuvok, who does the work.) [Varro ship - Central control] Keep your fingers crossed. For luck. [Varro ship - Tal's cabin] We're less than a minute away from multiple core breaches. Abort the transfer. B'Elanna? Good question. We'll have to check the hulls in each of your vessel's segments. The sooner we start, the sooner we finish. [Corridor]  I expected more from you. Don't you? I've seen Tal. She's an impressive young woman, beautiful. But that's no excuse to ignore your obligations as a Starfleet officer. There's a reason you took a semester of interspecies protocol at the Academy. There's also a reason why the Handbook on Personal Relationships is three centimetres thick. Bravo. Unfortunately, your recitation comes a little late. According to the Doctor, your condition isn't life-threatening. There's no reason to confine you to Sickbay. Nut I do agree with his recommendation to run full bioscans on both you and Tal. And her people need to be told so they can evaluate any bio-threat you might have introduced into their population. We're trying to help these people, Ensign, earn their trust. I was even hoping they might return the favour, share their technology, their insights into long-term space travel. But your little escapade put that in jeopardy. Noted. But there are regulations, and you've broken them. I'm entering a formal reprimand into your record, and I'm ordering you to break off this relationship. Do you understand? Dismissed. [Corridor] Jippeq said the rumours are just that, rumours. But he's questioning our stowaway, just to be certain. New protocols for working with the Varro. After the incident with Ensign Kim, they insisted we keep our crews segregated. Harry violated protocol. Frankly, I understand their position. I know it seems a little extreme, but I wanted to leave a lasting impression. Chalk it up to growing pains. What are you implying? I set the same standards for all my officers. You're my First Officer, he's an Ensign. He hasn't earned the right to question my orders, whatever his personal views. Yes? On my way. [Corridor] Certainly not. But it's my understanding this relationship was consensual. Our attitude is anything but cavalier. Ensign Kim has already been reprimanded. What about Tal? What happens to her? You found something? A coincidence? If you want our help, you'll need to explain. What are you trying to achieve? Tal, if those segments come apart there could be decompressive explosions, most likely casualties. Is that what you want? You know more about the parasites than we do. You could help us. And maybe your only chance of stopping a catastrophe. Set up a datalink with Voyager. We'll do what we can from our end. Stow it, Ensign. Right now the only thing standing between you and the Brig is this report. The Doctor's bioscans confirm that you and Tal have developed some sort of biochemical bond. Clearly it's affected your behaviour, so I have to assume that's why you disobeyed my orders. Report to Sickbay. You'll be confined there until this is over. [Bridge] I told you to report for treatment. In my ready room. [Ready room]  You've got thirty seconds before I have Tuvok drag you to Sickbay. Listen to yourself. You don't sound anything like the Harry Kim I know. You're willing to risk your rank, your career, over this? Your point? For the sake of argument, let's say you're right. Your feelings for Tal are no different than mine for what, the man I was engaged to marry? Well, I lost him and you're going to lose Tal. You know that. What the Doctor is offering you is a way to ease the pain. (to Kim) Take your station. On screen. Mister Paris, release the docking clamps. Back us away. Keep trying to break free. Janeway to [Varro ship - Central Control] JANEWAY How much longer until you've evacuated the affected areas? Keep us where we are. Janeway to Engineering. Divert all available power to the integrity field, and extend it around the Varro ship. Is his condition fatal? Will he recover without taking his medicine? Well then, if Mister Kim wants to suffer. Would you excuse us, please? Oh, don't thank me. I have no intention of relieving you of your duties, no matter how lousy you feel. And the reprimand still stands. I've been thinking about how I reacted to your relationship with Tal. Probably. But I can't help wondering if my response would have been the same if it had been, say, Tom Paris instead of you. Oh don't get me wrong, I still would have been angry and disappointed, but I wouldn't have been surprised. The truth is, Harry, I think about you differently than the rest of the crew. Which isn't to suggest that I don't care deeply about each of them. You came to me fresh out of the Academy, wide-eyed with excitement about your first deep space assignment. From that first day, I've always felt more protective of you than the others. Yes, you have. Maybe not. But you're a better man. [Mess hall]
 Well, Commander, Voyager's all yours. I'm sure you will. Go ahead, Mister Paris. On my way. I appreciate your concern for my safety, Mister Chakotay, but Tuvok's right. Lieutenant Paris and I will be just fine. I'll see you in twenty four hours.  Well, if that takes care of our official agenda, there's another matter I'd like to discuss. Commander Chakotay informs me there's a new holonovel that's become quite popular among the crew. I don't suppose anyone here is familiar with what we're talking about? I understand that the author of this little opus has chosen to remain anonymous. Perhaps because of the controversial nature of the story, which depicts Commander Chakotay as the leader of a Maquis mutiny. Well, now that the cat's out of the bag, I want each of you to talk to your staff and find out who our anonymous author is. I never knew you had literary aspirations. Apparently you didn't account for B'Elanna's exceptional computer skills. With all due respect, Mister Tuvok, loosen up. You may have intended this programme to be a tactical training tool, but it looks to me like it's turned into a bit of harmless fun. I'm more than just a Captain. I'm the leader of a community, and communities need entertainment, culture, creative outlets. Since we're not exactly privy to every new piece of music or holonovel that's written back home, I think it's only natural that we should start creating our own. Good. Then it's settled. I for one can't wait to see if Captain Janeway manages to outwit the conspirators. [Mess hall] He would never betray the Captain the way he does in that story. No offence, Mister Vulcan, but I don't think you understand my character very well. Seska? How? Can we get them out? You said the narrative parameters file is open now? If Seska can rewrite Tuvok, maybe I can rewrite Seska. [Holographic Jefferies tube] Where did they come from? I need more access to the narrative subroutines. You'd better find a way, otherwise Tom and Tuvok aren't going to make it out of there alive. It looks like Chakotay's taking them to the holographic cargo bay. I guess that means I keep writing. [Holographic Cargo Bay] I need access to the character algorithms now! Now, if I can just keep modifying the Chakotay hologram. I'm not out of ideas yet. [Holographic Cargo Bay]  Harry, have you got transporters yet? That's all right, Harry. No rush. [Mess hall]  Here's to stories with happy endings. Who says deus ex machina is an outdated literary device? What about doing a Western?
Janeway to Chakotay. We just received a distress call on an Hirogen frequency. I've altered course. I'd like you on the bridge. Take us out of warp. Raise shields and stand by weapons. On screen. (It looks like a space station.) Any Hirogen ships in the vicinity? The Hirogen aren't the type to play possum. Move us within transporter range. Chakotay, take an away team. [Forest] (Chakotay, Paris, Seven, Tuvok and a security guard beam down.) Environments that fool sensors. No safety protocols. How many bodies? CHAKOTAY Forty-three. Most of them were killed by facsimiles of Alpha quadrant weapons. Romulan disrupters, Klingon bat'leths. Starfleet phasers? They obviously missed the point. We gave them that technology so they could hunt holographic prey, not get themselves killed. [Sickbay] We're not your enemies. I assure you, we're quite real. (Donik throws a tray through the EMH.) Doctor, deactivate yourself. No one can treat him if he's terrified. I'm afraid you're going to have to. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway. You're aboard my vessel. This place you were in. It's some kind of holodeck. Computer, deactivate forcefield. Can you tell us what happened? Go ahead.  Hail them. Not yet. Open a channel. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway. We're not here to fight you. Stand down, or we will retaliate. Then let's try some nonverbal communication. Tom, evasive pattern beta six. Tuvok, disable their weapons. Let's see if that makes them a little more talkative. Harry? We are here in response to a distress call. All but one of your people are dead. Recovering in our Sickbay. He's in no condition to be transported. If you want to see him, you'll have to come here. [Sickbay] What about the holograms? Were they deleted? Where? Well, I'm sure they're out of sensor range by now. I'd like to join you. You have a problem. We can help you solve it. We have more experience with holograms than you do.  Come in. (Tuvok and Chakotay enter.) The sooner the better. Why do I get the feeling you're about to gang up on me? I'm listening. I'd be surprised if you haven't run a few scans of your own. Standard procedure. They don't trust us, we don't trust them. Coffee, black. Oh, I'd say we're at least partly to blame. That was Starfleet technology that killed those hunters. How many times have we shared replicators to help people feed and clothe themselves? Maybe we should have been a little more careful about what we traded and who we traded with. Replicators make weapons just as easily as they do food. Maybe not. But we can help shut these holograms down before anyone else gets hurt. Now, if there are no more objections, I'd like to get underway. [Bridge] Let's see it. Hail them. I suggest we keep our distance until we can determine their weapons status. You know as well as I do that a wounded animal can be dangerous. They're offline? It's a decoy. Hirogen vessel, stand down. (The hologram ship turns into a bomb which then explodes, impacting the Hirogen vessel.) Report? Drop shields. Transport all survivors to Sickbay. Tom, give him a hand. Holograms. Hail them. Chakotay's right. Return fire. [Sickbay] (Paris and three medics help the incoming Hirogen to biobeds.) Bridge to Sickbay. [Sickbay]  JANEWAY  Get him back. Set a pursuit course. Enhanced memory, comprehensive tactical algorithms, expandable data processing. These holograms have the ability to learn and adapt. And they're getting better at it. Who made these modifications? Come with me. We're going to have a chat with the hunters. [Mess hall] (Once again, it is an emergency overflow ward.)  How's it going? The holograms destroyed your ship. Most of your men are dead. Looks like the job's yours now. We're attempting to track them. So more of you can get killed? I doubt it. We know all about the modifications. He didn't tell us. We discovered it ourselves. I think you should face facts. You've created prey whose skills have surpassed your own. They've already defeated your hunting parties at least twice. What makes you think it'll be any different next time? We're going to find a way to take them offline from a safe distance. Call it whatever you will, it's what we're going to do, and you're going to help us. Yes. By telling us everything you know about their ship's defences. If you don't like the way I do things, I can leave you on the nearest habitable planet. Then I'll assume we're in agreement. Until this is over you and your men are restricted to this mess hall. Guests. My crew will do their best to accommodate your needs. [Iden's ship - lab] (A Klingon is flickering. The EMH speaks to the female Cardassian.) If we can't shut them down, maybe we can disrupt the signals they generate. How long will it take? Do it. [Bridge] Red alert. Time to intercept? Bridge to Engineering. What's your status? [Engineering] You've got forty seconds. [Bridge] Arm phasers. Target their shield generator. On screen. I beg your pardon. We're in this situation because we shared technology with the Hirogen to begin with. I won't make the same mistake twice. I'm sorry, Doctor but I'm inclined to agree with Mister Donik. I haven't chosen any side. We'd also be preventing them from doing any more harm. I'm not going to let you turn this into an argument about holographic rights. Go ahead. Shut it down.  Bridge to Tuvok. [Corridor] JANEWAY Scan for Hirogen ships. Is the pulse ready? How long? You and Donik get down to Engineering. Charge the deflector. Taking the holograms offline. When the Hirogen arrive, there's going to be more bloodshed. The best way to avoid that is to shut the holograms down. It may be the most compassionate thing we can do. It's a temporary measure, Doctor. Their programmes won't be damaged. Harry, get me Iden. I'm afraid we don't have time for pleasantries. Two Hirogen vessels are on their way. I'm hoping that won't be necessary. I need you to deactivate your programmes so we can transfer them to Voyager's database. It's the best I can offer. Once we've determined it's safe, we'll reactivate you and discuss a permanent solution. You're going to have to trust me. We have the means to deactivate you by force, but I'd rather not do that. Shields. (Whumph!) Set a pursuit course. Target their shield generators. You're dismissed, Doctor. Get down to the mess hall, and give Tom a hand. Janeway to Engineering. Stand by to initiate the pulse. Now, B'Elanna.(A beam comes off the deflector and onto Iden's ship.) [Iden's ship - Bridge]  B'Elanna, report. [Engineering] That's high praise coming from you. I'm sure she'd appreciate it. It was either a lucky guess or they gained access to our tactical data. The Doctor. Chakotay? [Corridor]  I should have seen this coming. Are you sure? He was so adamant bout helping those holograms. I should have been paying closer attention. The mistake was not running a diagnostic on his programme the minute he came back to this ship. He was on their ship for days. For all we know, they reconfigured his entire matrix. I can accept that the Doctor has sympathy for these people. But I can't accept that he would deliberately risk the lives of this entire crew. We're his family.  How long before the Hirogen get here? Any luck locating the holograms? They could be anywhere by now. I appreciate the offer, but you and the rest of our Hirogen guests are going to be back with your own people in a few minutes. Those hunters are going to want you with them. I'm sorry you're not expecting a warm welcome, but I'm not going to antagonise your superiors. It won't do B'Elanna any good if we get into a fight with the Hirogen. Why are you suddenly concerned about the holograms? There's plenty of blame to go around. There would have been nothing for you to modify if I hadn't shared our database. Mister Donik's offered to help us modify our scanners to track the holograms. That's not very considerate, after the help we gave you. BETA [on viewscreen] We're finished cooperating. Return him now! ALPHA 2 [on viewscreen] Let her keep the coward. BETA [on viewscreen] We can't do that. ALPHA 2 [on viewscreen] Quiet! [Hirogen ship] (The Alpha knocks down the Beta.)ALPHA I think you know me a little better than that. Harry, keep a sensor lock on them. How long will it take to modify our scanners? The Hirogen have better tracking abilities than we do. We'll let them find the holograms for us. Not if we disable them first. Not if we don't know we're there. (Donik goes to Tuvok's station.) We'd only need to mask our signature long enough to get into the wake. We'll have the element of surprise, Mister Tuvok. Not to mention a Tactical Officer who I'm sure will execute a precision strike. [Iden's ship - lab] I just hope we're following the right ship. Tom? Harry, reinforce the inertial dampers. Reroute power to the thrusters. Ease us back in, Tom. You can do it. Stand by weapons. [Iden's ship - Bridge] Fire. (Voyager fires phasers as it leaves the wake.) [Hirogen ship] Bring us about. Tuvok, target the second vessel. (Voyager gets in two hits before taking one in return.) Torpedoes, full spread. [Iden's ship - Bridge] Chakotay. You, Tuvok and Tom take the Flyer. [Iden's ship - lab] Of course. On the other hand, you could try to take the holograms' ship but with so few hunters and damaged vessels, you might not survive to tell any stories at all. Thank you. I think. (The Hirogens are beamed out.) JANEWAY: Transport me to the holograms' vessel. [Iden's ship - lab]  Report. I guess that leaves just you. I'm willing to transfer your programme to our holodeck, and keep it active. I can't let you go off on your own. Wouldn't we all. I don't suppose I have a right to tell either of you how to live your lives. All I can do is hope that you'll consider the consequences of your actions.(A short time later, the hologram's ship leaves orbit.) [Doctor's office] Doctor. I'd hoped I could attribute your behaviour to tampering. Not according to the diagnostics. Oh, I believe it. But if there's one thing I'm sure of, it's that things don't always happen the way we intend. (The EMH hands over the box containing his I'm not sure that's appropriate. You mean turn back the clock to when you were first activated? Maybe. Or maybe you've simply become as fallible as those of us who are made of flesh and blood. I'm just as responsible for allowing you to expand your programming as I am for giving technology to the Hirogen. How can I punish you for being who you are? I'd like a complete report on your away mission.
The first time I met Tuvok he dressed me down in front of three Starfleet admirals for failing to observe proper tactical procedures during my first command. My human ego took a little bruising, but, of course, he was right. (she stands.) Over the past nine years I've come to rely on his insightful and unfailingly logical advice. For outstanding services, Chief Tactical and Security Officer, it's my pleasure to grant you the rank of Lieutenant Commander. Congratulations, Tuvok. Bravo. Well deserved.  [Corridor] Have you made arrangement for the Arritheans for tomorrow? You've done an excellent job preparing for this mission, Neelix. I think you should consider this your first official assignment as Ambassador. Janeway here. I don't recall giving you a promotion today. Doctor, I don't want you leaving Voyager unless it's absolutely necessary. I'm still concerned about damaging your mobile emitter. The rest of us will meet with the Arritheans. We'll see you there, when you're finished.
Bridge to Transporter room. Status. [Transporter room] Protocol, Mister Paris. We know the drill. All hands, this is the Captain. Prepare to be boarded by Devore inspection teams. Give them your full cooperation. Let's get this over with. How thoughtful. Black. About six hundred years. My grandfather gave it to me when I was a child. He's from Earth's classical period. It produced some of our greatest artists as well. You're getting to know my musical database better than I do. Tell me, are all of your inspections this personal? Really? Why is that? We're just trying to get back to Earth, Inspector. It's tough to avoid. Gaharay? For a very simple reason. They're dead. Tuvok, Vorik, and Jurot died in a shuttle crash about two months ago. Suder was killed in a conflict with a species called the Kazon. They were valued members of my crew, Inspector, not criminals. Not for a second. In both cases, to avoid ion storms. I'll keep it in mind. [Bridge] Bridge to transporter team. You're clear. [Cargo Bay one] What's the problem? Harry, increase power to the imaging scanners. They're gone. For now. Captain's log, supplemental. After weeks of playing hide and seek with the Devore inspectors, our goal is near. A transport vessel that will take our passengers to a wormhole leading out of hostile territory. [Sickbay] Back to your old self again? Well, I'll have someone scan the room if it'll make you feel better. Kir, we just received an encoded message from the transport vessel. I'm afraid so. We're still waiting for them. Go ahead. Acknowledged. [Astrometrics lab] Two days. That increases the chances that we'll run into another inspection. Just what the Doctor didn't order. Tuvok, Seven, I want you to lay in a course that'll attract as little attention as possible. Avoid their colonies, space stations, tourist attractions, if they have any. [Mess hall] How are they doing? Well, we're going to make sure that doesn't happen. Is the kitchen still open or are you just serving stories? More company, Commander? Get our visitors to the Cargo Bay. Stand by for transporter [Bridge] JANEWAY Neelix. Report. If this is another inspection, it's certainly a different approach. Open a channel. Inspector. You know the way to my Ready room. [Ready room] Then what do you want, Inspector? Did somebody offer you a promotion, or are you just having a bad day? Me? Now, why would I risk the safety of my crew by harbouring a defector? You've inspected my ship three times. You know we aren't smuggling telepaths or anyone else. This is our rendezvous point, inside this nebula. Unfortunately the transport vessel we're supposed to meet is no longer there. Inspector. (Kashyk magnifies another part of the nebula.) One of a dozen positioned throughout the nebula. All invisible to our sensors until Kashyk showed me how to compensate for their refractive shielding. All right Inspector, you helped us avoid this ambush. What now? How long before you're missed? I'll have to take this up with the Brenari. See what they think of their new benefactor. I'll let you know what they decide. I'll have to insist you remain under guard. No hard feelings. No, we take him up on his offer to help, see how it plays out. But I want round the clock security. We need to watch his every movement. That leaves us with our next question. How do we find the wormhole? A price? See what you can do. In the meantime we'll set a course for Torat's planet, try to track him down. [Briefing room] Nervous? Until today, you were part of a government responsible for persecuting thousands of innocent people. Why the sudden change of heart? How so? I certainly don't grant asylum to every person I meet. Especially ones who ransack my ship and terrorise my crew. You're asking me to believe you're someone else, and that's a leap of faith I'm not ready to make. No. No, I'm going to give you safe passage to the wormhole in return for your help in getting us there, but I'm also imposing some restrictions. You'll have your own quarters but limited access to Voyager's systems and your whereabouts will be monitored at all times. Only this time they answer to me. Consider them a reminder that Voyager is my ship. Hail him again. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We have no hostile intent. We'd just like to ask you I'd be glad to discuss that and any other philosophical issue you care to raise if you would just slow down and talk. That's what we call overkill, Inspector. Ensign, can we transport at this range? Welcome aboard. Your reputation precedes you. [Ready room] Twenty centilitres of mercurium isochromate. No impurities, and this is just a sample. We've synthesised enough to power your ship for a year. Well, they've heard of you. Think of all the stars you could research once you've infused your propulsion system with this. Professor Kashyk is another expert I've retained to help us with this matter. I'm afraid he's not as impressed with your work as I am. In fact, he discouraged me from seeking you out. There's no need to insult the man. Just because he doesn't know how to find an interspatial flexure. Think harder. Four wormhole appearances less than twenty light years apart. There's no pattern. Didn't work. Every one I could find. This wormhole defies analysis. Maybe Torat was right. We're just out of our league. How do you predict a random occurrence? Counterpoint. It's in all great music. Parallel melodies playing against one another. We've been looking at the obvious, frequency, location, timing, but each of those parameters could have a counterpoint in subspace. Computer, run a subspatial transkinetic analysis on the wormhole data. This'll take a minute. Well, I will give you the recipe. You don't sound too happy about leaving. Anxiety doesn't become you, Inspector. Try to relax a little. I haven't decided whether I like you at all. (He looks at a series of coloured lights visible through the window.) Beautiful. We have something similar back on Earth. The Aurora Borealis. I'm still counting on getting this ship home. The Federation's cardinal protocol. Well, let's just say I usually go with my instincts and sort it out later at the Board of Inquiry. Those Admirals and I were on a first name basis, you know. You're risking a lot, too. Why? It worked. It looks like it'll appear in about three days, less than eight light years from here. Is that a problem? Can we go around it? Let's do it in the morning. We've done enough for tonight. Are you saying goodbye? There will be other spirals. Or the polarisation axis of the windows. How often does this array emit a scanning pulse? Range? We could drift past undetected. Well, good night. I'm afraid that won't be possible. I had your replicator taken offline. A safety precaution. You understand. Sleep well. As you were. [Bridge] Options. Do it. Time. B'Elanna. Can we block it? Stand down grey mode. B'Elanna, fire up the core. We're getting out of here. If we can find it. Tom, how long to the Tehara system? Engage. [Briefing room] If I have to. Go ahead. Take the bridge. I'll be in Engineering. Kashyk. [Corridor] First we'll check those shield modifications, then we'll see if we can adjust our phasers to penetrate the Devore shields. If torpedoes don't work I want an alternative. Kashyk. You said yourself they're suspicious. Return now and you risk being caught. It's too dangerous. You asked for safe passage and I agreed, under the condition that you follow my orders. I could confine you to quarters. I was planning on asking you to stay with us once we got through the wormhole. I wouldn't mind having someone around who appreciates a bit of Tchaikovsky now and then. Well, you wouldn't be the first wayward soul we've folded into our ranks. Your shuttle will be ready for launch within the hour. [Corridor] Your inspection teams have to be off Voyager before that wormhole opens. I've made one adjustment to your plan. After the inspection, we're going to wait at the wormhole for as long as we can. Until it begins to collapse. Try.(Kashyk kisses Janeway, then she kisses him back. He gets into his shuttle and leaves.) [Bridge] No. We follow protocol. Bridge to transporter room. [Transporter room] JANEWAY On screen. We've been through three inspections. Please explain why another is necessary. All hands, this is the Captain. Prepare to be boarded by Devore inspections teams. Give them your usual warm welcome. And one. Likewise. Mine, too. We were planning to study a supernova remnant not far from here. We're explorers. Exploring can sometimes be hard to resist, Inspector. Do they suspect anything? They're in transporter suspension. We've found it. It's twenty thousand kilometres off our port bow. We've determined that a photon torpedo properly calibrated will force open the threshold long enough for Voyager to get through. Impressive. You gave a masterful performance. Oh, but what about your selflessness? That touching story about the little girl. Was that a fabrication, too? That is the theme for this evening, isn't it? Computer, change music selection. Mahler's Symphony Number One, Second Movement. Maybe this will help you relax. Well, you gave us the specifications. Seemed a shame to waste them. I had to take a few precautions. You understand. I never lied to you. My offer to take you with us was genuine, and it would still stand if you'd kept your part of the bargain.
Open a channel. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We're on a peaceful mission. Photonic activity? Target their weapons array and fire. (They stop the disrupter.) On screen. You're not in a position to be making demands. Why did you fire on us? We didn't realise that was forbidden. We'd be happy to shut Your sensors should also confirm that our weapons are ready to fire. We're both reasonable people. I suggest a compromise. Your vessel will escort us through Lokirrim territory. That way, you can keep an eye on us, make sure we don't reactivate our holodecks. The other alternative is, we destroy your ship. Sometimes diplomacy requires a little sabre rattling. Begin long range scans. [Lokirrim medical bay] I appreciate your sense of duty, Tuvok, but we can handle the situation without you. If I remember correctly, the last time you came down with the Tarkalean Flu was seven years ago. As soon as this is over, the holodeck is at your disposal. On screen. Seven, it's good to see you. Are the Doctor and Harry all right? Doctor? Set a course. What's the status of their weapons? Target their power matrix. We may only get one shot, so make it count. Do it. Get us out of here, maximum warp. [Lokirrim ship - Medical bay] Stand by with those command codes. Open a channel. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway. We don't want a fight. Return my people and we'll be on our way. We don't want to disable your ship, but we will if we have to. (Chakotay enters the command codes.) [Lokirrim ship - Bridge] End transmission. Tractor beam. [Lokirrim ship - Bridge] Chakotay, can you send a comm. signal directly to Seven's cortical node? [Lokirrim ship - Bridge] JANEWAY Away team, stand by for transport. [Lokirrim ship - Bridge]
You're making significant contributions, Neelix. I can't imagine how Lieutenant Ayala would be handling the separation from his children without you. And your meals are getting to be Almost certainly a highlight of every day. Yes? You weren't invited to the holodeck defence simulations, were you? On my way. I'll see to it you're invited next time. And now, Mister Neelix, please, join me on the bridge. Have you tried hailing him? When was the last time we heard from him? Well, according to his flight plan, he's not far. We'll just have to go get him. I want all away teams back on board now. Mister Paris, plot a course for Chakotay's last known coordinates. All stop. Full sensor scan, Mister Kim. Bridge to Engineering. Prepare to receive debris samples for analysis. Chakotay's shuttle. That's speculation, Mister Paris, but that trail's the only clue we have to Chakotay's whereabouts. Engage. [Kazon trophy room] Well? So it wasn't Chakotay's shuttle that was destroyed? All stop. Bridge to Engineering. Lieutenant Torres, prepare to receive another debris sample. Let me know when you've got something, B'Elanna. Then it's possible Chakotay wasn't killed in the explosion. That's the first good news I've heard all day. Thank you, Doctor. Of course, Doctor. All right, then. If Commander Chakotay wasn't in the shuttle, where is he? You think he may have transported to that moon? Radiothermic? Then this moon is some kind of Kazon fortification? In the absence of evidence to the contrary, I choose to believe Chakotay made it to that moon. Mister Kim, see if you can determine the most probable location he would have beamed to. Lieutenant, you and I will lead the away team. I don't want to wait that long, but keep trying. Neelix, Kes, you're our two Kazon experts. Kes, you'll come with Tuvok and me. Neelix, you said you wanted more to do? Well, now's your chance. I want you on the bridge with Mister Paris in case we run into any Kazon ships. Dismissed. [Cave] (Kar has found himself a handy long piece of wood. A pile of stones are glowing, presumably from being heated by an energy weapon.) Help us? With what? That's very kind of you. Very well. [Cave] I would welcome your friendship, Maje. Thanks, but I think we'll stick together. We're here, Mister Paris. [Bridge] Everything is fine. We have the assistance of the Ogla. [Bridge] Can you lock onto Commander Chakotay? Good to hear your voice, Commander. Away team to Voyager. You're right. If we can get a narrow beam through the field, we can disable it. Make it fast. [Cave] Janeway to Voyager. Five to beam up. [Chakotay's quarters]
Good game. Oh, come on, Seven. You won four out of ten rounds. Nothing to be ashamed of. Well, Velocity is more than a test of stamina. It's a game of wits. Intuition. Oh, belief had nothing to do with it. At some level, conscious or otherwise, I was aware of several factors. The trajectory of the disk after I hit the wall, the sound it made on its return, and the shadow it cast on the hologrid. I won, didn't I? Thanks for the match. Not today. Tired? Yes. Concerned? No. Belay that command. Seven, try to be a sport. Game's over. Captain's log, stardate 51978.2. It's been five months since we received the encoded message from the Alpha Quadrant. We know that the transmission was from Starfleet Command but we still can't decrypt it. B'Elanna thinks it's a lost cause, that too much of the datastream has been destroyed. But I haven't given up. I keep hoping inspiration will strike, somehow. [Mess hall] What time is it? Oh. Well then, good morning. Any luck? Permission granted. I will in a while. We've found the treasure, I just can't pick the lock. I've tried over fifty decryption algorithms. Every time I piece together a datablock, ten more come unravelled. What did Starfleet send us? A map? The location of a wormhole? If I could decode this today, Chakotay, we could be home tomorrow. Then again, it could be Admiral Chapman's recipe for the perfect pound cake. I've been pinning our hopes on this message, but I'm starting to wonder. She should have a few Borg algorithms up her sleeve. If she's in the mood. I don't know if she's getting restless or if it's just me, but we're butting heads more than usual lately. She seems to challenge everything I say. Maybe. Well, this mentor would like another cup of coffee. Will you join me? Well, welcome to Voyager. We may be a linguistically simple folk but we're happy to give you a ride. Let's see if we can find you some quarters. Well, we do our best. [Corridor] I can't say I've ever met a living Universal Translator. And to think I still struggle with basic Klingon. You couldn't have heard Neelix say more than a few phrases. Impressive. No. Tell me, how are you at computational languages? Algorithms, trinary syntax? I was wondering if you might do us another favour. [Astrometrics lab] Please. (Seven allows Arturis to use the console.)JANEWAY: Have you encountered his people before? Seven. Now why didn't I think of that? You've done it. What about that datablock. Fourteen beta? They've marked a set of coordinates. It's less than ten light years from here. Maybe. There's only one way to find out. [Bridge] Take us out of warp. Scan the vicinity. On screen. Tuvok. The answer is somewhere in that Starfleet transmission. We need to finish decoding it. May I call on your talents again? Take an away team. Secure the vessel. I've learned to walk the line between hope and caution. We've had other opportunities that didn't work out. But I will admit, I'm leaning toward hope this time. [Dauntless Bridge] Pursuit course, Ensign. [Dauntless Engineering] Admiral Hayes. Good man, fine officer, bit of a windbag. Let's talk about the risk. Doctor? Long term effects? And the Dauntless itself? Well, Mister Neelix, you may have your work cut out for you. Try to make the modifications. If there's a way we can bring Voyager along for the ride, I'm all for it. Harry, B'Elanna, I want you to take an Engineering team down to the Dauntless. Start working on a way to shut down the slipstream drive at a moment's notice. Once we have that safeguard in place, we can start making the test flights. I want this entire crew to familiarise themselves with that ship. See to it. Dismissed. Tuvok. Big day. A way home. We've waited for this moment for years. Why don't I feel more enthusiastic? Perhaps. What do you think about this little miracle of ours? Somehow I don't think standard diagnostics and security protocols are going to make me feel any better. All of this is just a little too perfect. The alien genius with the answers to all our problems. A message from Starfleet telling us everything we want to hear. A starship delivered right to our doorstep. What more could we ask for? They even turned down the beds. The only thing missing was chocolates on the pillows. I can't put my finger on it, but from the moment this all started I sensed something was wrong. Exactly. We'll proceed as planned, but I want you to investigate that ship from stem to stern. Keep an eye on our guest. See if you can find out more about him. Let's hope we're just suffering from some good old-fashioned paranoia. Keep me posted. Captain's log, supplemental. So far, the crew hasn't found any evidence to support my doubts about Arturis. Nevertheless, I've told them to keep looking and to keep their optimism in check. But that's one order I don't expect them to follow to the letter. Daily log, Seven of Nine, Stardate 51981.6. I've analysed the quantum slipstream technology of the Dauntless. It is similar to the transwarp drive used by the Borg. As a result, my expertise will be crucial to the mission's success. Voyager's crew is counting on that success but I find myself ambivalent, so I'm carrying out my assignment, nothing more. (Janeway's log continues.) Despite my apprehension, I can't help but wonder what I'll be doing in three months' time. Still guiding Voyager through the Delta Quadrant, searching for a way home, or looking up old friends in Indiana? (Seven's log continues.) If we do return to Sector zero zero one, will I adapt to human civilisation? A single Borg among billions of individuals? [Dauntless Engineering] Computer, display datablock fourteen beta, auxiliary display. I know, but I think he gave up too easily. It's intuition if I'm right. I've designed a new decryption algorithm. Let's give it a try. I can understand your reluctance. It's been hard enough dealing with a crew of a hundred and fifty individual humans. The prospect of an entire planet must be overwhelming. Well, whether you like it or not, you're one of us. You've come a long way from that drone who stepped out of a Borg alcove nine months ago. Don't turn your back on humanity now. Not when you're about to take your biggest step. Earth. Your home. Oh, I've noticed. I won't argue that you've turned out differently than I expected, and that we often have conflicting points of view. But right now, the stakes are higher. This crew needs your expertise. Abandon them and you diminish their chances of getting home. No, it's not. We've given you a lot, Seven. It's time you gave something in return. What would you do, go back to the Collective? Then what exactly do you have in mind? That's my point. You're asking me to cast you adrift in the Delta Quadrant alone and without support. I wouldn't grant that request to any member of this crew because it's too dangerous. On what, Borg perfection? I don't buy it. This isn't about your independence or your superiority. This is about your fear. You're not making this choice because you've outgrown humanity. I think you're afraid to go back to Oh, I don't think so. The data index doesn't match. This is a completely different message. Unfortunately. It sure as hell looks that way. Janeway to Tuvok. My suspicions have been confirmed. [Corridor] Arturis tampered with Starfleet's message. [Dauntless Engineering] The Dauntless isn't Where's Arturis now? [Dauntless Engineering] Go to the bridge, but don't tip our hand. [Corridor] I'll be there with a full security team within minutes. [Dauntless Engineering] Let's get weapons. [Dauntless Bridge] Evacuate the repair teams. Do it. Explain yourself. You fabricated the message from Starfleet. I recovered the real transmission. The one you said was irreparably damaged. Starfleet didn't send us this vessel and you're not here to help. Is this your ship? I tried to ignore my gut feelings, because I got carried away by the excitement of getting home. But you preyed on that, didn't you? You took advantage of our hopes and now I want to know why. Evidence you undoubtedly put there yourself just in case you got caught. Take him to Voyager. Throw him the brig. (Arturis beats off the two security guards. Tuvok phasers him in the abdomen, but he still manages to pull a lever before they can drag him away from the helm. The Dauntless transforms into an alien vessel, primary motif How'd you create the Starfleet bridge? Holograms? Is this what your people do? Prey on innocent ships? If I've offended you or your people in some way, please tell me. What? What are you saying? In my estimation, Species eight four seven two posed a greater threat than the Borg. There wasn't exactly time to take a poll. I had to act quickly. Any ideas? We'd better think of something. We come face to face with your former family in less than an hour, and that's one reunion I'd like to miss. Unless of course, you're looking forward to rejoining the Collective? Not the ringing opposition I was hoping for, but I'll take it. A drone could walk through this forcefield like it was thin air. Is there enough Borg technology left in your body to let it adapt? Would a micro-filament do the trick? Then let's get you one. Once you get outside, access that control panel and disable the forcefield. Then we'll try to reach the engine room. Déjà-vu. As I recall, this is where our relationship began. In a brig, nine months ago. I severed you from the Collective and you weren't exactly happy about it. In case I never get a chance to say this, I realise that I've been hard on you at times. But it was never out of anger, or regret that I brought you on board. I'm your Captain. That means I can't always be your friend. Understand? It's nice to know you've taken some of my advice to heart. You belong with us. We're in business. [Dauntless Engineering] Our commands are being blocked from the bridge. He's detected us. Do we still have access to the power distribution grid? If we can't throw on the brakes, let's swerve the wheel. Send a power surge into the starboard thrusters. It's either that or join the Hive. Do it. If we're still in one piece, try to gain control of navigation. I'll be on the bridge. We have a game of Velocity scheduled for tomorrow, holodeck one. I expect you to keep the appointment. Don't count on it. Seven of Nine has accessed your navigational systems. You taught us how to use this ship a little too well. I can't begin to imagine your loss, but try to see beyond your desire for revenge. No. As long you're alive there's hope. Your people's accomplishments, their knowledge, their dignity, can survive in you. End this. (A console explodes in Engineering.) Come with me. It's not too late. (Arturis fires his weapon as she dematerialises.) Nice play. You almost had me. Go again? Work? I gave the crew strict orders to take some R and R over the next few days, and that includes you. I thought that was impossible. A few days ago you were ready to abandon ship, and here you are, practically laying in a course to Earth. Sometimes you've got to look back in order to move forward. Sounds to me like you're starting to embrace your humanity. Computer. One more game.(The disk appears and flies around Seven. She fires at it, and us.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 You may want to run a diagnostic on the shield generators. It's way overdue. And don't forget to keep tabs on Neelix's little project in the mess hall. With some of Seven's Borg technology. I don't want him accidentally turning the galley into an assimilation chamber. And most important, be sure to tell your Captain when she's being overprotective. Thanks again for minding the store. And her First Officer? Any luck tracing the transmission? I guess you aren't the only ones who enjoy this sport. What about diplomatic channels? Well, let's hope he gets their cooperation. I'm at the outer rim of the Pendari system. At best, I'm forty eight hours away. That's okay, Commander. Keep me informed. Janeway out. {Tsunkatse living quarters] Nothing like getting back to work after a long vacation. Understood. [Tsunkatse combat pit]
Just about a minute. I'm on my way to the shuttlebay. Extremely well. Everyone had a lot of fun. It's certainly worth a try. Thanks, Neelix. It's been a while. What is it, Neelix? I'm sure something could be arranged. Our secret, Neelix. I learned that dance when I was six years old. I assure you, it was the hit of the Beginning Ballet class. Oh, no. Not until certain other people take their turn. The ship's First Officer for instance. Come on, Chakotay, there must be some talent you have that people would enjoy. Maybe I could stand with an apple on my head and you could phaser it off. Funny, a minute ago there wasn't any indication of rough weather. Ion lightning. Maybe we'd better try the fifth planet instead and come back here when things have cleared up. I'm switching to manual. (Bang!) Reverse engines. Full thrusters. Altitude twelve kilometres. Hull temperature four thousand degrees. We have to reduce speed. Chakotay. Thanks. I'll live with it. I'm all right. Chakotay, we're going to need the blankets and the rations. What were you looking at? By whom? Chakotay, the homing signal. We might be telling someone just where to find us. Can you tell anything? Vidiian? I thought we'd moved beyond their space. What is it? Let's go. Let's take cover. We'll have to fight. [Cave] (Two Vidiians approach them.) Back off now. We'll fire if we have to. Back off! (A Vidiian shoots Chakotay.) Chakotay! (The other grabs Janeway by the throat and strangles her.) [Shuttlecraft Sacajawea] I learned that dance when I was six years old. I assure you. Wait a minute, what's happening here? Do you remember Vidiians? We may have wandered into some kind of repeating time loop. I'm going to scan for temporal anomalies. Agreed. I don't see any evidence of temporal flux, or any kind on anomaly for that matter. So far, so good. We're out of range. I'd still like to figure out what happened to us. Send a subspace message that we won't be landing on the planet. Tell them that we'll be looking for evidence of temporal anomalies. I see a ship approaching at high impulse. It's on an intercept course. Yes. Can we outrun it? They're two hundred thousand kilometres away and gaining. They're powering weapons. Shields up! Stand by all phaser arrays. (The ship opens fire from near point-blank range.) Returning fire. It didn't stop them. (Bang!) Firing starboard array! Shut them down, they'll leak antimatter. Dump the core! (Suddenly, they are back to where they started.) It's looking more and more like we're in a time loop. The question is, how do we break it? Agreed. If we're experiencing a temporal field, a tachyon burst might disperse it. Chakotay. Two Vidiian ships, still twenty million kilometres away but headed right for us. We also believe we're experiencing some kind of temporal phenomenon, a time loop. Make certain you scan for anomalies. Here goes. (Whoosh.) I can't tell if it's affecting anything. They just vanished! But I'm picking up a residual temporal signature. And the tachyon burst disrupted it. Believe me, Tuvok, we're looking forward to it. [Bridge] Good to be here. I'd still like to get to the bottom of whatever was happening to us in that shuttle. Did Voyager detect any evidence of a temporal field? Let's run a second level temporal scan. I'd feel better entering this part of space if I knew what caused the phenomenon. The time loop, or whatever it was we ran into out there. We told you, Chakotay and I experienced some kind of temporal loop. It involved the Vidiians. They'd attack and kill us and then we'd be sitting in the shuttle again. Tell them. To collect some nitrogenase compound. But we encountered a storm and we crashed. You don't remember how we kept ending up in the shuttle talking about Talent Night? Then I'm the only one who recalls things differently. Something strange is going on here. I'll have the Doctor examine me. In the meantime, I still want those temporal scans. What did you find? The Phage? What about Chakotay? Is he infected too? How did I get it? But we've encountered Vidiians like that before and had physical contact with them. No one's ever gotten sick that way. What's the prognosis? Of course. But you've studied the Phage in great detail. Have you made any progress in finding a cure? I understand. Doctor. I know I'm in good hands. (Janeway lies on the biobed in the surgical bay in her uniform, and the forcefield comes on. When she wakes, she is in a sickbay robe and has lesions on her hands and face.) Doctor? How long have I been asleep? Forty. Have you? Is there any hope of a cure? Then what's the next step? I see. What's that? What? Surely there are other options to explore, Doctor. B'Elanna's DNA for instance. It's coded to produce antibodies against the Phage. Turn it off. That's an order, Doctor! Computer, delete Emergency Medical Hologram. Security code Janeway Lambda Three. I'm the Captain! Delete the EMH! Don't do this. It isn't right. (Janeway slumps to the deck, gasping, and dies.) [Shuttlecraft Sacajawea] Chakotay! That's it. That must be the anomaly. That's what's behind all this. We've got to get away from it. Divert all power to the engines. Reverse engines, full power. Reinforce the hull. No! No, I don't believe that. We've got to get away. Chakotay, what's happening? Can't you hear me? Chakotay, I'm here. I know you can't see me or hear me. I don't know what's going on. But I am here, Chakotay. I am not dead. Computer, confirm Janeway voice pattern. (nothing) Kes, you're a telepath. You've been able to sense things others can't. Kes, can you sense me? I'm here, Kes. I'm staying with you until you realise it. (Kes walks through Janeway then stops a few paces later.) Did you feel that, Kes? It was me. That's more like it. [Engineering] Don't forget to run a magneton sweep. Now what? (A man in Starfleet uniform walks out of the light.) Daddy! Who are you? Are you responsible for what's going on here? My father died over fifteen years ago. You may be an hallucination, or some kind of projection of my own imagination, but you are not my father. Why not? If you know what's going on here, tell me. No, no, no, that's not possible. What do you mean? Consciousness. Is that what you're calling me? Kathryn's consciousness. If you stayed with me after you died, you should be able to tell me what happened then. If you're an hallucination, a part of me, you'd know those things. Just for the sake of argument, let's say you're right. What's next? Cross over to where? Kes sensed I was here. They're looking for me. They won't give up easily. Kes did it once, she can do it again. I'm going to help her. Kes, I'm here. Focus on me, on my voice. Kes, keep trying. You have to find me. Tuvok, surely you must know I'm here? We've shared so much. Oh, Tuvok. This can't be happening. I don't believe it. My memorial service. [Mess hall] What do I do to leave here? You may be right in everything you've said to me, but I'm not ready to accept it. I'm not ready to go. If I stay, maybe it'll be easier for them. Maybe I could be comforting somehow. Maybe that's what it will take for me to make that decision. I just know that now I'm not ready. Nothing. I can't, I won't abandon them. We're too much a part of each other, can't you see it? We've been through so much together. I have to know what's going to happen to them. To see Kes continue to grow and learn. To know if Tom and B'Elanna will ever stop sparring with each other and develop a real friendship. I don't care. I'd rather be here in spirit than not at all. A Captain doesn't abandon ship. Why are you pushing me? I've made up my mind. I'm staying here. [Planet surface] What was that? What happened? I saw Tuvok and Chakotay and the Doctor. No. It was different, as though, as though I were looking up at them. It didn't feel like the others. I didn't see myself. I was looking up at them. That's the real me, isn't it, lying on the ground on that planet, dying, and this is the hallucination. This isn't real. You're trying very hard to convince me to come with you. Why is that? If what you're saying is true, why not let me come to the decision on my own? My father would never act like this. He always believed I had to learn my own lessons, make my own mistakes. He never tried to shield me from life. Why would he try to shield me from death? You're not my father. I could be imagining you, but I don't think so. You have such a specific agenda. You're determined that I go with you somewhere. Who are you? Are you an alien being of some kind? Is that it? [Planet surface] I was right. I heard Tuvok and Chakotay and the Doctor. You're an alien. You've created all these hallucinations, haven't you? And what is that? (The bright light tunnel growing behind him.) Then why didn't you tell me this from the beginning? Why pretend to be my father. My people are telling me to fight. They're trying to save me. You're the one who sounds desperate. I don't get the feeling you're trying to make me comfortable. You're only interested in my agreeing to come with you. And you don't strike me as any type of Good Samaritan. You're more like a vulture, preying on people at the moment of their death when they're at their most vulnerable. But your patience is wearing thin. What's the real reason you want me in that Matrix? Somehow I don't think it has anything to do with everlasting joy. If you could force me to go, you'd have done it already. You need me to agree, don't you? I have to go voluntarily. Let me tell you this. We can stand here for all eternity and I will never choose to go with you. Go back to hell, coward. (The Admiral walks into the tunnel, which is now blood red. It finally disappears.) [Planet surface] Doctor, what happened? He kept telling me to let go, but I wouldn't. My father. The alien. He wanted to take me into another place. Maybe. But I can tell you this. From what I saw, it's certainly not where I'd like to spend eternity. Captain's log, stardate 50518.6. The Doctor has examined me thoroughly and pronounced me physically fit, but I'll admit that it'll take a little longer to work through the emotional impact of my experience. [Ready room] (Janeway is reading a PADD when the doorbell chimes.) Come in. (Chakotay enters, with a rose.) Talking it easy usually makes me feel worse. Oh. To tell you the truth, I'd rather stay busy than dwell on what happened. Do you think it's possible that each of the near death experiences we've heard about are the result of an alien inhabitation? I hope so. I'd prefer to think his species was unique to the Delta Quadrant and that I've seen the last of him. Come on, Chakotay. We've cheated death, that's worth a celebration, don't you think? A bottle of champagne, moonlight sail on Lake George, how does that sound?
The Cardinal's eternal gratitude? All the more reason why you should accept my proposal. Yes. I'm only asking for a corner, one bench, a place to work on my own projects, paintings, sculptures. Just being here in your company is inspiring to me. What will you call it? The god of the forge. Someone once said all invention is but an extension of the body of man. Here, let me help you. It's good for the skin. (One of the wooden cogs has fractured.) This looks like a flying machine. It's this flapping approach. You designed your machine to mimic the way a bat or a sparrow flies. So what if you based it on the hawk, instead? Essatto. I'll need someplace to work. That will be fine. Seven. And I might need to borrow a few things, on occasion. Go ahead. On my way. Computer, end programme. [Engineering]  What have you got?  We don't know exactly how many vessels are out there. but their space appears to be vast. It includes thousands of solar systems, all Borg. We are no doubt entering the heart of their territory. There's no going around it, but there may be a way through it. We have to act fast. The Borg have captured one of our probes. They know we're out here. We'll do everything in our power to avoid a direct confrontation. but if and when we do engage the Borg, I'm confident that we'll be ready. I have faith in each and every one of you. Let's do it. [Engineering] (Everywhere is busy, busy.)  How's Kes? We can't just ignore her intuition, but I see no reason to alter our plan. Tuvok, I want you to keep an eye on her. Evasive manoeuvres. Bridge to Engineering What's going on down there? [Engineering] Shields to maximum. Stand by all weapons. On screen. Think good thoughts. Did we sustain any damage? Stand down Red Alert. Harry. maintain a long range sensor lock on that Borg armada. They seemed to be in quite a hurry, didn't they? I'd like to know what they're up to. I'll take this near-miss as a good omen. Resume our course, Mister Paris. I'll be in my Ready room. [Ready room] (Janeway is reading the Starfleet Database entry on the Borg.) Yes. come in. I'd like to see a tactical update. No thanks, I'm not hungry. And I've got a lot of work to do. I've been looking through the personal log entries of all the Starfleet Captains who encountered the Borg. I've gone over every engagement, from the moment Q flung the Enterprise into the path of that first Cube to the massacre at Wolf 359. Every battle, every skirmish. anything that might give me an insight into the mind of the Collective. In the words of Jean-Luc Picard. 'In their Collective state, You're smiling. Obviously, I've said something amusing. What? I did not. Was I? If we manage to survive the next few days, I'm going to have a little chat with Ensign Hickman. Imitating the Captain, huh? Surely that violates some kind of Starfleet protocol. This day was inevitable. We all knew it. And we've all tried to prepare ourselves for the challenge ahead. But at what point is the risk too great? At what point do we come about and retreat to friendly territory? Could the crew accept living out the rest of their lives in the Delta Quadrant? I keep looking to all these Captains, my comrades in arms. But the truth is, I'm alone. Three years ago, I didn't even know your name. Today I can't imagine a day without you.  Gentlemen. Cause? Mister Paris. Set a course for their position. Warp two. (Later.) Slow to impulse. On screen. (All the cubes have been blasted to pieces.) Someone more powerful than the Borg? It's hard to imagine. Let's see it. Magnify, Mister Kim. Send a standard greeting. I'd like to know what kind of weapon could destroy the Borg. Can we beam it away from the ship? Tuvok, are you reading an atmosphere in the Cube? Commander Chakotay, I want you to take an away team inside. Try to get a short range scan of the biomass. We'll keep an open comlink and an active Transporter lock. We'll pull you out of there at the first sign of trouble. Go ahead, Commander. Granted. Voyager to away team.  Stand by for transport. We're getting you out of there. Energise. What's the problem?  Narrow the confinement beam. What? A skeletal lock, huh? We'll have to add that one to the Transporter manual. Mister Paris, get us out of here. Maximum warp. (They start to move away, then get hit by an energy weapons. The ship tumbles out of control before Paris manages to crawl back to the helm and initiate warp.) Kes? What did it say to you? It looks like he's being transformed in some way. He's still conscious, Doctor. They have an extraordinary immune response. Anything that penetrates the cell membrane, chemical, biological, technological, it's all instantly destroyed. That's why the Borg can't assimilate them. How so? Does Harry have several days? Fight it, Harry. That's an order. [Engineering] The Northwest Passage. From where? Kes, anything? Tom, reverse course, maximum warp. Take us five light years out and hold position. Maintain Red Alert. Commander. [Ready room]  That moment we spoke about? It's here. Any thoughts? Agreed. The Northwest Passage is no longer an option. So now the choice is between facing the Borg in their space, or finding ourselves a nice planet here in the Delta Quadrant and giving up on ever getting home. I'm not ready to walk onto that bridge and tell the crew we're quitting. I can't do it, Chakotay. Not yet. There must be an alternative. See you in the morning. [Da Vinci's Workshop - Night]  Maestro? Leonardo? Am I disturbing you? A wall with candlelight reflecting on it. Why? What do you see? There's a path before me. The only way home. And on either side, mortal enemies bent on destroying each other. If I attempt to pass through them I'll be destroyed as well. But if I turn around, that would end all hope of ever getting home. And no matter how much I try to focus my mind, I can't see an alternative. Somehow I don't think that's going to work for me. But there is an alternative I haven't considered. What if I made an appeal to the Devil? [Briefing room] More like an exchange. We offer them a way to defeat their new enemy and in return we get safe passage through their space. In developing a treatment for Harry, the Doctor has found a way to attack the aliens at a microscopic level. Nevertheless, if we teach the Borg how to modify their own nanoprobes, they'd have a blueprint to create a weapon to fight the aliens. B'Elanna, it's clear from the Borg database that they know practically nothing about Species 8472. But we don't assimilate. We investigate. And in this case, that's given us an edge. We've discovered something they need. In one regard, the Borg are no different than we are. They're trying to survive. I don't believe they're going to refuse an offer that will help them do that. That won't get them anywhere. Doctor, you're the only one on board with full knowledge of the nanoprobe modifications. I want you to transfer all of that research into your holomatrix. You're my guarantee. If the Borg threaten us in any way, we'll simply erase your programme. But it won't come to that, Doctor. It's in the Collective's own interest to cooperate. Voyager is only one ship. Our safe passage is a small price to pay for what we're offering in exchange. B'Elanna, assist the Doctor with his transfer. Mister Paris, locate the nearest Borg vessel and lay in a course. They shouldn't be difficult to find. Dismissed. (Everyone leaves except Chakotay.) You were awfully quiet. How so? I understand the risk, and I'm not proposing that we try to change the nature of the beast, but this is a unique situation. To our knowledge, the Borg have never been so threatened. They're vulnerable. I think we can take advantage of that. But only one Collective, and we've got them over a barrel. We don't need to give them a single bit of information, not until we're safe. We just need the courage to see this through to the end. You're suggesting we turn around. Or we may find something else. Six months, a year down the road, after Species 8472 gets through with the Borg, we could find ourselves back in the line of fire, and we'll have missed the window of opportunity that exists right here, right now. What do you mean? Tell that to Harry Kim. He's barely alive thanks to that species. Maybe helping to assimilate them isn't such a bad idea. We could be doing the Delta Quadrant a favour. Do you trust me, Chakotay? Oh, but it is. Only yesterday you were saying that we'd face this together, that you'd be at my side. I appreciate your insights, but the time for debate is over. I've made my decision. Now, do I have your support? Then I guess I'm alone, after all. Dismissed. [Bridge] All stop. Shields up. Open a channel. Borg vessel, this is Captain Janeway of the starship Voyager. I have tactical information about Species 8472. I want to negotiate. Borg vessel. What you're receiving is a sample of the knowledge we possess. If you don't disengage your tractor beam immediately, I will have that data destroyed. You have ten seconds to comply. We know you're in danger of being defeated. you can't afford to risk losing this information. Disengage your tractor (Janeway is beamed away.) [Borg Cube] BORG I want safe passage through your space. Once my ship is beyond Borg territory, I'll give you our research. If I give it to you now, you'll assimilate us. No. Safe passage first or no deal. Let's work together, combine our resources. Even if we do give you the technology now, you're still going to need time to develop it. By working together, we can create a weapon more quickly. If you escort us through your space we can perfect the weapon as we (Whumph! 8472 is attacking.) [Bridge]  What's going on? (The planet goes KaBOOM! taking several Cubes with it. Voyager is towed away at high warp.) To be continued [Bridge] Commander. Cut the transporter beam. Do it. I've reached an agreement with the Collective. We're going to help them design a weapon against Species 8472. In exchange, they've granted us safe passage through their space. That's part of the plan. We'll work on the weapon en route. Once we're across their territory, we'll give them the nanoprobes. They appear to be holding up their end of the bargain. I suggest we do the same. I'm going to work here, on the Cube. They have technology that'll make the job go faster. I want to take advantage of it. It's part of the deal. I work here. I'll propose it. Mister Tuvok, transport to my coordinates. We're going to make this work, Commander. Janeway out. Grid nine two of subjunction twelve. Our very own workspace. It's near the centre of the Cube. Have you compared this to the Doctor's analysis of the alien tissue? The aliens and their ships are made of the same organic material. All right. We've analysed one of the alien vessels, and it appears to be constructed of organic material vulnerable to the modified nanoprobes. I suggest we begin thinking about a large scale delivery system. A way to infect their ships and destroy them at the microscopic No. That wasn't the agreement. I don't care. I prefer to communicate verbally, thank you. We must do nothing. Tell your drone to remove the transceiver. What about choosing a representative? A single Borg we can work with and talk to directly. You've done it before. When you transformed Jean-Luc Picard into Locutus. We will not be assimilated. Choose a representative or the deal's off. (The neural transceivers are removed from their necks. A door opens, and a Borg is released from its alcove. It walks towards them. This one is clearly human female, with an hour-glass figure.) I'm Captain Janeway. This is Lieutenant Tuvok. What's your designation? I thought you might. Do you have a better idea? That's somewhat larger than I had in mind. You're proposing a weapon of mass destruction. Well, I'm not. You'd be endangering innocent worlds. Right now your enemy believes it is invulnerable. If we create smaller weapons using our torpedoes and destroy a few of their bioships, it may deter them, convince them to give up this war. Enhance this grid. I want to take a closer look at the detonator. You're human, aren't you? I'm curious. What was your name before you were Commander, what is it? If that's true, they may already know what we're planning. We should alter course, try to throw them off. Match them, and keep me apprised of any changes in Kes. One step at a time. We're not safely across your territory yet. We'd die trying. The Doctor explained my condition. You're in command. They'll push you. They'll threaten you. But they need you. They need this alliance. You have to make this work. I want you to make this work. Get this crew home. Doctor. if you'll excuse us a moment. The Doctor brought me up to speed, but he couldn't tell me what I really wanted to know. Why? I probably would've reversed course. Maintained the alliance as long as possible. You never trusted me. You never believed this would work. You were just waiting for an opportunity to circumvent my orders. And so did I. We made concessions, so did they. No. I won't be caught tinkering with the deflector when those aliens attack. There's no other way out of this, Chakotay. It's too late for opinions, it's too late for discussion. It's time to make the call, and I'm making it. We fight the aliens in full cooperation with the Borg. It won't work. This isn't working either. There are two wars going on. The one out there, and the one in here, and we're losing both of them. What? I'll tell you when we lost control of this situation, when we made our mistake. It was the moment we turned away from each other. We don't have to stop being individuals to get through this, we just have to stop fighting each other. [Bridge] (Tuvok escorts Seven of Nine.) I've relieved Mister Chakotay of his duties and confined him to the Brig. I'm back in command. Good. This is the plan. We engage the enemy here, in their space. We show them what they're up against. If they have any sense of self-preservation, they'll back off, pull their ships out of the Delta Quadrant. That's provided the weapons are effective. If they aren't, it's been nice working with you. We've got to get this ship armed and ready in under two hours. We're going to war. (Under two hours later. Kes is sitting in Chakotay's seat.) Bring them online. (Bits of Voyager's hull light up Borg green.) All hands, this is the Captain. Ready your stations. Seal all emergency bulkheads and prepare to engage the enemy. Stand by for my orders. Battle stations. On screen. Tell them we had no choice. We were only trying to defend ourselves. Tell them we have a weapon. A devastating weapon that can destroy them at the cellular level. If they don't stop their attacks on the Delta Quadrant, we'll be forced to use it. Fire. I think we've made our point. Now open a singularity and get us out of here. (Seven complies. They return to the Delta Quadrant, followed by bioships.) Kes, are you still in contact? Tell them if they continue their attack, we'll use the weapon again. Evasive manoeuvres. Prepare to fire the high yield warhead. Aft torpedo bay. Do it. (The torpedo explodes in the middle of the fleet.) What are they saying? With a little help from us. Now it's time you fulfilled your end of the agreement. Tell the Collective we expect safe passage from here on out. We'll give you a shuttlecraft. You can head for the nearest Borg ship. Shut her out. Bridge to Chakotay. Scorpion. [Cargo Bay Two] (A neural transceiver is activated on Chakotay's neck. He is in one of the alcoves.) Get her to Sickbay. Bridge to Doctor. Report. [Cargo Bay two] Tom, plot a course out of Borg space. Maximum warp. Not at all. Just finishing up my log. I wanted to get as far away from bioimplants and fluidic space. And this feels more human somehow. CHAKOTAY: I hate to spoil the mood, but you might want to look at this Engineering report. It'll take at least two weeks to remove the Borg technology from our systems. B'Elanna did note that the power couplings on deck eight work better with the Borg improvements. Leave them. How is our passenger? I wonder what's left under all that Borg technology. If she can ever become human again. We pulled the plug. We're responsible for what happens to her now. I think she might. We have something the Borg could never offer. Friendship. I understand. And I respect the decision you made, even though I disagree with it. What's important is that in the end we got through this, together. I don't ever want that to change. Good. Well, I think it's time we get back to our bridge.
It must have been very important to him. And now something you saw on that trip years ago shows up again on a moon's surface almost seventy thousand light years away. I don't suppose you have any theories that might explain this. Sky Spirits? You obviously don't put a great deal of faith in this explanation. That's what I was always taught. On the other hand, none of my teachers ever spent much time in the Delta Quadrant. B'Elanna tells me we've picked up a warp signature heading away from the moon. Think we should follow it? We still haven't found the polyferranide we need to seal the warp coils. If these people have warp technology, they might be able to help us. Besides, we are in the business of exploring, aren't we? Mister Paris, are you certain the warp signature ended here? Mister Kim, transmit a continuous message on all frequencies identifying who we are, where we're from, and make it clear our intentions are peaceful. Go Ahead.  Acknowledged. We'll send down an away team to continue the survey. Report to Transporter room three. Commander, if we meet any resistance, abort the mission. I have no intention of disturbing an alien race that would rather be left alone. On the other hand, if we can make contact, our goal is to get permission to begin excavation as soon as possible.  Mister Kim believes if we bombard the crust with antithoron radiation, we can decontaminate it before excavation begins. Any progress? [Clearing] Do you believe our arrival frightened them? Images? Nothing unusual has shown up on the ship's sensors. [Clearing]  If you want to call it a day, Commander. Was he wearing the comm. badge the last time you saw him? Mister Paris, what are the current surface conditions near the shuttle. And it isn't airborne? I'll lead the away team back. Mister Tuvok, Lieutenant, you're with me. Mister Paris, you have the What is it, Doctor? (The EMH's voice is almost gone.) Doctor, I think you're carrying this experiment of yours a little too far. Doctor, I'm sorry but we have more pressing matters to  Very well. Mister Kim is on his way. Try to relax [Sickbay] JANEWAY  I'm going to need you with me, Kes. Prepare a medkit and bring it with you to Transporter room three. Commander Chakotay is still on the surface and may be injured. [Sickbay] JANEWAY Why would we have the ability to beam people up, but not beam them down? If that's true, I'd be happy to respect their wishes. But unfortunately, I have a missing crewman to get back first. Janeway to Paris. [Bridge] Mister Paris, we're going to land Voyager on the surface. Take us into the atmosphere. Mister Paris, the shuttle crew didn't report turbulence this severe during their landing. Red alert. Bridge to Torres. We need more power [Engineering] JANEWAY It's not enough.  How much time do we have, Mister Paris? Engineering. Report. [Engineering] JANEWAY That's all? B'Elanna. [Engineering] KIM Report. Stand down Red alert. Anybody have an explanation? Establish a search pattern, Mister Paris. Begin scanning for human life signs. As soon as you find Chakotay, we'll send down an away team. [Clearing]
It may not be fixed on this end, nut if it's shown up in the same location more than once, it's possible its exit point is constant, and it's wagging around the Delta Quadrant like the tail on a dog. All stop. Mister Kim, initiate continuous neutrino scans. Mister Tuvok, scan the planets in this system for life signs. Maybe there's someone around here who can give us some helpful information. What is? What kind of evidence? I appreciate your enthusiasm, Ensign, but before we indulge in too much speculation, let's see if we can back up your assumptions with some facts. Commander Chakotay, I want you and Lieutenant Paris to go down that planet and have a look around. Launch a high resolution reconnaissance probe to gather information about the local population's dress and appearance. In the meantime, Ensign, why don't you and Lieutenant Torres get started on a phase profile of this elusive wormhole's neutrino emissions. Let's see if we can confirm that it leads to the Alpha Quadrant. Captain's log, stardate 50074.5. Based on information provided by the probe, we have replicated local attire for Commander Chakotay and Lieutenant Paris. They have gone to the surface to investigate. [Temple square] (Local attire is blue cotton shirt and trousers, with a brown waistcoat. Chakotay uses his tricorder near a fruit stall then walks back to Paris.) Sort of like using a magnet to move a compass needle. The question is, how do we polarise the instability? Janeway here. We've been looking into that. Mister Tuvok. Well, I certainly don't intend to leave them here to continue exploiting an innocent society. How are you two coming with getting the wormhole back here and reopened? Well, if we can get the wormhole here, we'll be taking two additional passengers with us. We'll turn them over to Ferengi authorities when we get there. The Federation did host the negotiations. And if it weren't for those negotiations, the Ferengi wouldn't be here. So one could say, without being unreasonable I think, that the Federation is partially responsible for what's happened, and therefore duty bound to correct the situation. Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. It's a long story, but suffice it to say we've been stranded here for the past two years. We're on our way back to the Alpha Quadrant and we're taking you with us. Show them, Mister Tuvok. One way or another, you're coming with us. What about your interference? You've taken these people's religion and manipulated it for your own selfish purposes, pretending to be their Sages. Don't be ridiculous. Mister Tuvok, transport them back to the surface. What if the gods didn't just disappear suddenly and inexplicably? What if they left voluntarily, gracefully? Exactly. What motivates a Ferengi? Or less profitable to stay. We have to out-Ferengi the Ferengi. [Vault]  Stand by to initiate the photon burst, Mister Kim. Keep working on it. In the meantime, we'll just have to rely on their ingenuity to get themselves out of there if trouble arises. [Temple square] Good work. [Bridge]  Report to the Bridge as soon as everything is in order. We'll be entering the wormhole in approximately seven minutes. [Transporter Room]  Shield status, Mister Tuvok. Mister Paris, engage manoeuvring thrusters and ease us into position. Seal that air lock, Mister Tuvok. (The ship shudders.) Lock a tractor beam onto that shuttle. On screen. Beam those men back now, Mister Kim.  Follow them in before that wormhole collapses, Mister Paris. Mister Tuvok, divert auxiliary power to the thrusters. Mister Kim, reinitiate the verteron field. Maybe we can attract the wormhole back. Options? (Long pause.) Mister Paris, reset a course for the Alpha Quadrant. Warp six.
Open a channel. Starship Voyager to the Malon vessel. That probe belongs to us. Release it immediately. Tom, how fast can you get us there? They'll be long gone. Do it. Harry, redirect the probe's course. No, but we might be able to hide it from them. The probe surveyed a class six gas giant this morning. I think we should send it back for a closer look. Not if the Borg shielding does its job. Hail them again. Voyager to Malon vessel. Break off your pursuit. Any good news? I'm impressed, but how quickly can it be built? Why are you all standing around? (Torres is the last to get up and leave.) [Holodeck] (A scale model of the new delta-shaped shuttle is floating in the middle of the room.) Ensign, put us into a high orbit. I want to stay well above that ionospheric turbulence. (It is a lady Ensign at the helm.) There's the probe. Ten thousand kilometres beneath all that methane, but still intact. They're more talkative than the last ones. Open a channel. I don't believe we've been introduced. I'm Captain Janeway. I'm very sorry that lives were lost, but you're leaving out an important detail. Your people were trying to steal a probe from us. We warned them to stay away from the gas giant but they didn't listen. Well, Mister. Vrelk. We have a little expertise of our own. We're a very determined crew. So my suggestion is that you leave orbit and in the future, if you come across anything that bears the insignia of the U.S.S. Voyager, head in the other direction. End transmission. Why would people in the business of toxic waste disposal be so anxious to get hold of a probe? What are they still doing here? The question is, how do they expect to get their hands on it? Maybe, but they have to know we're prepared for that. If they were planning to fight you'd think they'd call in reinforcements, try to out-gun us. Janeway here. [Astrometrics lab] Tuvok. [Astrometrics lab] What have you got? In other words, you've been spying on them. I'll be damned. They're going after the probe themselves. Well then, I'd say we've got an old-fashioned space race on our hands. Captain's log, supplemental. We've stepped up the pace of construction in order to finish our shuttle before the Malon finish theirs. According to Seven's most recent intelligence we've gained some ground over the last twenty four hours , putting us in a virtual dead heat with our competitors. [Delta Flyer] Ensign, back us off. On screen. Our shields are fine. I've already told you we're not going anywhere. Well, if you're so far ahead, why bother trying to scare us away? He's probably bluffing but we're not going to take any chances. We've got to speed up construction somehow. Good idea. Janeway to Lieutenant Torres. Computer, locate Lieutenant Torres. Get down there. [Holodeck - Delta Flyer] Would you excuse us please, Doctor. When the Doctor examined you he found evidence of internal bleeding, fractured vertebrae, contusions, cranial trauma. The injuries I'm talking about didn't happen recently. Some of them are weeks, even months old. But you didn't seek treatment for any of these. Some of these injuries were life-threatening, B'Elanna. The Doctor says many of the wounds were treated by someone with the medical expertise of a first-year nursing student. Is it? We investigated today's accident. You turned off the safety protocols during the holo-simulation. Why? You don't really expect me to believe that, do you? According to the holodeck logs, you've been spending a lot of time there over the last few months. If I were to check, would I find that you've been running other programmes without safety protocols? B'Elanna, I'm worried about you. If there's something wrong, I want to help. No. It's not okay. And until you decide to be more forthcoming you'll remain under the Doctor's supervision. Which means you're off the shuttle project. I'm sorry. Now I know there's something wrong. [Ready room] Keep on it. Now, let's talk about B'Elanna. Tom, you had no idea about these injuries or how she got them? It's almost as if she's been intentionally trying to hurt herself. Well, where else? If they'd happened while she was working, as she claims, somebody would've filed an injury report. Are you thinking the same thing I am? Tom, what do you think? Start digging. [Torres' quarters] (The doorbell chimes repeatedly.) Commander Chakotay, we're under attack. Report to the bridge immediately. Bridge to Lieutenant Paris. [Delta Flyer] We've got to launch now if we're going to get to the probe first. Are you ready? What about the microfracture problem? [Delta Flyer] Chakotay's on his way. [Corridor] How long till they overtake the Malon shuttle? And the Malon? Get us out of here, Ensign. Warp two.
Mister Paris, take us in a little closer. Mister Kim, scan the surface. How long ago? Caused by a solar flare that radically changed the weather patterns. What was the estimated population? Let's hear it. Mister Kim, wouldn't your scans have picked up suppressed metabolic activity? Can you detect a malfunction in their systems? Something to explain why they didn't wake up on schedule? Are there any automated security systems? We triggered a Do Not Disturb sign. I don't want to set off anything worse. It is. Prepare to beam them to Cargo Bay one. Mister Kim, you're with me. Janeway to Kes. Report to Cargo Bay one. Bring your medical gear. Our messenger. (She cleans one that contains a corpse.) Did the system break down? Active? What do you mean? Could it be generating an artificial environment of some sort? Years ago, Starfleet used a technology to assist deep space travel that kept the body in stasis, but provided a mental landscape to keep the mind active and alert. So what went wrong? Why are they still in there? [Briefing room] So they should have known years ago that the biosphere had recovered. Doctor. Neither do I. [Cargo Bay 1] (Kim and Torres get into the now-vacant pods.) We've tapped into the system's recall subroutine programme. I'll give you five minutes to look around, then I'm bringing you back. Consider this a test run. They're connecting to the system. [Fantasy land] What's taking them so long? The recall subroutine is functioning. The window opened for them on schedule. All right. I'm going to try to bring them out with our backup systems. What happened? Someone's activated the recall subroutine. At least we'll finally get the answers to a few questions. [Briefing room] Well, let's start with the obvious question. If they're demanding to exist, can we find a way to let them exist in this artificial world of theirs? Doctor, is there a way to speed up resuscitation? Then it seems to me our first order of business should be to reduce the number of hostages. All we have to do now is decide how to negotiate with an emotion. With a manifestation of fear. The ability to recognise danger, to fight it or run away from it, that's what fear gives us. But when fear holds you hostage, how do you make it let go? I think something a little more responsive to the Clown's demand. B'Elanna, maybe you can come up with a way to modify the system, so it can run without bio-neural interaction. Good question. We have to come up with a safer method of communication. [Fantasy land] Well, I'm sorry I don't live up to his expectations. What's your opinion of him, Doctor? I agree, and I can't allow that to happen. We're going to have to mount some kind of rescue mission. (Later, Torres enters.) Doctor, if we do simply disconnect the hostages How much damage? Could you possibly repair it? If we can't remove the hostages from the environment, then we might be able to remove the environment from the hostages. And you're going to continue to provide him with distractions, Doctor. B'Elanna, how long will it take to block these pathways? You'll only have a few minutes at best. Once Fear knows what we're up to, it will be a race against time to save the lives of those hostages. [Fantasy land] (The Clown is sulking.) Good. Let's get started. [Fantasy land] More than halfway there, B'Elanna. What is it? Restore the entire programme. We've lost. [Fantasy land] I don't. Have I misjudged him somehow? Is there another way to reach him? Isn't there more to fear than a simple demand to exist? Why do people enjoy dangerous sports or holodeck adventures with the safety off? Why, after all these centuries, do children still ride on roller coasters? But what does fear seek at the end of the ride? [Fantasy land] Did he accept? Perfect. Good work, Doctor. I don't think that'll be necessary, but you could help with the preparations at this end. Janeway out. Initiate the recall subroutine and prepare to begin resuscitation. Kes, give me a hand getting hooked up to all this. [Fantasy land] (The characters are cleaning everything.) The arrangement was that the others would be released. I've known fear. It's a very healthy thing most of the time. You warn us of danger, remind us of our limits, protect us from carelessness. I've learned to trust fear. Let them go. That won't be necessary, Mister Kim, but thank you. (Kim and the two surviving Kohls disappear.) As I understand it, it takes a few minutes before you become aware of my thoughts. Is that true? And then what happens? Would you be honest with me? You really want this to end as much as I do, don't you? I'm not Captain Janeway. I'm afraid I did. I'm nothing more than a holographic image of Captain Janeway, sent here by the same technique they used to send their Doctor. I've been programmed to respond to you as Kathryn Janeway would. She is on the system, yes, but not in stasis. Captain Janeway and her crew modified the pods so that she could be connected to the system without having to enter this environment. The goal was to let you sense her brain activity without putting her in actual jeopardy. You will be able to confirm what I'm telling you as soon as you become aware of her thoughts. (The hostages get out of the pods.) You know as well as I do that fear only exists for one purpose. To be conquered. Did she? Or was a part of you actually hoping to be defeated? Isn't that why you allowed Captain Janeway to come here? Because you sensed she had the power to subdue you. (It is getting dark.) Starfleet captains don't easily succumb to fear. Like all fear, you eventually vanish. I know.
 You're late, Mister Paris. Take your station. (There is a small box on the helmsman's chair. Behind his back, Janeway is grinning broadly.) Allow me. As ship's captain, I hereby reinstate you to the rank of Lieutenant, with all the privileges and responsibilities therein. Your performance on this ship over the past year has been exemplary. I expect more of the same. Put it through. Origin? Yellow alert. Set a course. (Later -)PARIS: We're in range. Drop to impulse. On screen. Magnify. Open a channel. This is Captain Janeway of the starship Any vessels? Resume our previous course, Mister Paris, warp six. Make a note in the ship's record. We responded to a distress call at oh nine hundred hours. Arrived at the colony two hours later. No survivors. We don't know who these people were, but we know the Borg destroyed them. (Seven stands in front of her alcove, hesitating. Then she puts the EMH's gizmo on her neck and steps up into her alcove to regenerate.) [Forest] What else can you tell us about this place? How many drones? Axum? How was it created? I understand your reluctance, but Seven's discovered a potential weakness in the Collective. Before we decide how to proceed I'd like to learn as much about it as we can. Go on. Objection noted. I think you'll be turning in early tonight. [Corridor]  Stay at Yellow alert. Maintain long-range scans for Borg vessels. Any sign of trouble, you know where to find me. Mind melds. The last time I heard the words my mind to your mind, I had a headache for two weeks. I appreciate your trying to protect me, but a chance to see this place? It's worth a headache. [Cargo Bay two] Let's do it. (The EMH puts a gizmo on Janeway's neck and she steps up into an alcove.) Understood. (Tuvok puts his hands on the women's faces. They are monitored on Neural/Synaptic monitor 147.) Seven? (Seven has discarded her implants, let down her hair and donned a purple blouse.) Drones? We're prepared to help you, but I'm concerned that we'd only be putting off the inevitable. Even if we succeeded and you could remain hidden for a year, ten years, the Borg would eventually find you again. Have you ever considered a more permanent solution? You've got a remarkable sanctuary here, but that's all it is. Maybe it's time to stop hiding and find a way to fight back. If you could find a way to carry your individualities into the real world, to wake up from your regeneration cycles with your memories intact, you could begin to undermine the Borg's control over you. I prefer to call it a resistance movement. Not yet. But we know a good deal about Borg technology. Maybe we could (She is interrupted by a woman's scream. People are running. A drone is in the forest. It grabs a man, injects him with its tubules and he vanishes.) [Borg Queen's Chamber] Let's just say we ran into a little trouble. Have a seat, Commander. The Collective's found a way to infiltrate Unimatrix Zero. It won't be long before they learn enough to destroy it from the inside out. I plan to stop them. The people there are vulnerable. They don't have the ability to take action in the real world. We're going to give them that ability. The Doctor and B'Elanna are working on it. I know what you're thinking. We'd be violating half a dozen Starfleet protocols. And if the Collective ever learned we were involved we'd be putting Voyager in the middle of a civil war. Valid objections. Chakotay, we've had our disagreements and there have been times when I've chosen to proceed without your support. But this can't be one of those times. I won't do this without my First Officer. I'm glad we agree, because I almost talked myself out of it. You'll inform the crew? [Sickbay] How do we deploy it? Any Borg activity in the region? (Torres calls up a long range scan 321.) Meet me in main Engineering. We're going to find a way in. Prepare the virus.  I think it's time for you to take another nap. Pay a visit to Unimatrix Zero. Tell our friends we haven't forgotten them. I couldn't help but notice you were a little different in Unimatrix Zero, and I don't mean your lack of Borg implants. You seemed more If you don't mind my saying so, it suited you. To you maybe, but if what I saw was any indication, Annika would disagree. [Encampment] This is our target. You'll keep a transporter lock on me. Once I make it to the central plexus and release the virus, you can beam me back. You're our only connection to Unimatrix Zero. You're needed here. It was my decision to help these people. This is my responsibility. I appreciate the offer. But if that Cube attacks Voyager, you'll be needed here. Now you have your orders. Set a course, Mister Paris. [Corridor] Can't this wait till I get back? We've got a lot of work to do, Commander. And if I don't? I was hoping for your unconditional support. Tell them to pack light. (The lights flicker.) JANEWAY: Janeway to bridge. Report. [Bridge] Source? It's been a long time. How are things in the Collective? Never better. Perhaps. I'm not sure I know what you mean. I'm afraid I can't do that, but thanks for the offer. I'm sorry. She's trying to find out what we're up to. She's worried. Have B'Elanna and Tuvok meet me in Sickbay. [Delta Flyer] On screen. Magnify. (The Cube has a lot of extra armour.) Go ahead. On my way. Guess I'd better be going, huh? Surprise me. You have the bridge. [Settlement] Cut primary power. Thrusters only. [Borg Queen's Chamber] Their ventral shield grid? Align our transporters to match. What's left of her. How are you holding up? I can't access the plexus without shutting down the power grid for this section. That's bound to draw attention. Is there another way in? Where is it? Let's take a look. Tuvok. Commander. The neural suppressant must be wearing off. Commander? Without the Doctor's help, that could kill you. Stay focused. Stay Tuvok. That's an order. Me? The Doctor removed my spinal clamps but it'll be a while before I'm playing hoverball again. If I ever imply it's been easy on you these last few years, remind me about today. Well, Unimatrix Zero may be gone but it looks like the resistance is alive and kicking. With any luck, the Collective may never be the same. Have you heard from your friend?
They're luminescent. Drones and Queens? I thought we were trying to get these children away from the Borg. Well done. Let me know before you take up beekeeping. I'll remember to bring my coat. Now this looks impressive. I expected these projects to be interesting, but this is truly exceptional. Well, you've obviously got a knack for it. Well done. He's a remarkable young man. I'm afraid that won't be possible. It's not a question of merit. We've made contact with his parents, and I've set a course for their planet. Maybe we could refer to it as getting reacquainted with his family. I'll transfer the files down to Astrometrics. SEVEN: Thank you. JANEWAY: How'd he take the news? You haven't told him. Why not? And you've adapted to having him here. Are they? Would you like me to tell him? Well, you've already helped him make one difficult transition. How did you do that? Sounds like a good strategy.(Seven leaves.) [Cargo Bay two] Tuvok, run continuous scans for Borg activity. Tom, put us into synchronous orbit. Seven. You'd better get Icheb. [Sickbay] This is Seven of Nine. Seven has been instrumental in helping Icheb make his transition.  Thank you for coming. I thought it might be better if we talked ourselves first. How to make this transition easier for your son. Please, sit down. We should arrange for him to consult with our Doctor. I'm sure you can adapt some of our technology to make that possible. I'm sure once he's been exposed to the subject, he'll find it quite challenging. Seven. Wait for me in my ready room. Now. (Seven leaves.) JANEWAY: I apologise for her behaviour. She and Icheb have grown very close, but that's no excuse for rudeness. Please be patient. If we rush things, your next encounter with him may not go any better than the last. Stay aboard Voyager for a while. It'll give Icheb a chance to get to know you in an environment that's familiar to him. I'll have Neelix do everything he can to make you comfortable while you're here. [Ready room]  Your attitude is making a difficult situation worse. By insulting his parents? You could have done it with a little more tact. Those individuals are his mother and father. That's not what I said. What makes you so sure that's going to happen? It's their home. Who are you to decide that? Are we talking about Icheb's parents, or yours? It's not like you to admit to something like that. I know what it's like to feel protective towards someone you've helped through a difficult period, but Icheb is an individual now. You have to give him a chance to form his own opinions. Then it'll be my problem. [Cargo Bay two] Goodbye, Icheb, and good luck.  This better be important. Sorry, I don't read Borg. You'll have to translate. Oh, why are you telling me this at oh three hundred hours? Is it possible you misunderstood? That Cube was disabled by a deadly pathogen. It suffered extensive damage. Isn't it possible these records were corrupted? All right. Let's assume your information is accurate. What does it prove? Why would he do that? What are you proposing? Those people have been through enough. Do we really need to interrogate them? He chose to stay with his parents. Just because they weren't completely candid with you doesn't mean they're unfit parents. At some point, you have to let go. We'd like to ask you a few questions, if you don't mind. In that case, I'd like to talk to Icheb. Scan for his bio-signs. Icheb's on that vessel, isn't he? Icheb's not bait. He's a weapon. The first Cube that captured him was infected by a pathogen. Icheb was the carrier, wasn't he? Tom, set a course for that transport vessel. Full impulse. We'll take our chances. End transmission. Red alert. Battle Transfer auxiliary power to the transporters. Tom, get us closer to that ship. Seven? You heard her, Tom. One problem at a time. Get us out of here, maximum (Whumph! The Borg Sphere grabs Voyager and Fire. I'm listening. Tom, full reverse thrusters. It might buy us a couple more seconds. Do it. Tom, go to warp on my mark. Now, Mister Paris!  Are you saying his parents re-infected him? Bred to kill Borg. He's going to need help coming to terms with what's happened. Use your maternal instincts. They worked before. [Astrometrics lab]
Maybe I'm not quite awake, but it looks like it's over one hundred kilometres wide. Then I suggest we cut a wide berth. Chances are the Borg will send more vessels to investigate. Alter course to avoid the debris. If that's all. Casualties? Granted. Dismissed. [Corridor] (Seven opens a Jefferies tube access door, and Naomi Wildman hides in an opposite side corridor. She tapps on her PADD as Seven closes the door and walks on. Naomi comes around Report. Forcefields. Don't tell me those two have actually come to blows. (Seven knocks out another security guard and takes his phaser before discovering she is hemmed into a corner by forcefields.) [Corridor] JANEWAY Seven. You've been unconscious for nearly two hours. We believe you're experiencing a neurological disorder. All right. Let's see what we can do to keep them from coming back. What's the last thing you remember? Naomi Wildman claims the two of you played together for nearly an hour this afternoon. From what we can tell, the various neural patterns are surfacing randomly. Maybe we should jump to warp, try to get out of range. Set a course for the debris field. When we arrive we may need your help. Feel up to it? Keep a close eye on her, Doctor, in case she has any more unexpected visitors. [Corridor] Survivors? On screen. Magnify. (A long thin thing with green components.) It brings order to chaos. Looks like this one has established a link to your cortical implant. Can you sever the link? We're talking about the heart of a Borg cube. I'd rather not take it inside my ship. Can you disable it remotely? Tuvok, prepare to beam it to Engineering. Erect a level ten forcefield and maintain constant surveillance. The moment it poses a threat, send it back into space. Tom, as soon as it's aboard, get us out of here. Warp nine. I understand what you're going through, and I want to help you in every way I can, but the safety of this crew is my first responsibility. We haven't had the best of luck with the Borg. I'd like to find species 6339. They may be able to help us treat you. Begin long range Astrometric scans. See if they have any more vessels in this region. Janeway. And you are? You're Ferengi. No, not at all. I'd be happy to negotiate with you, but first we have to get you to Sickbay. Because you're ill. Doctor. Yes. Intrepid. [Sickbay] No, I'm afraid not. Melbourne? I'll see what I can do. Seven? We're preparing to shut it down right away. I'll give the order as soon as Torres is ready. About twenty minutes. Two. One of whom wanted to acquire half the items on the ship. Daimon Torrot, I believe. Yes. The other was a woman whose son was lost in a Borg attack. You'll get through this, Seven. Your job is to keep trying to hold on even when you think you can't. Leave the rest to me and the crew. [Bridge] Just finished swapping jokes with a Bolian manicurist. Before that, I was debating the finer points of temporal physics with a Krenim scientist. Twelve new personalities have surfaced in the past hour alone. Seven's having a rough time of it. The Doctor had to sedate her. I've been better, Chakotay. In fact, I'm starting to wonder if my First Officer was right all along. You always said that bringing Seven into the fold might be impossible. Proceed. [Engineering] Acknowledged. Doctor, report. [Sickbay] Tuvok? It's dangerous enough to meld with one person, let alone hundreds of different personalities. I'm aware of that, but is this our only option? How long would you need to prepare? Begin immediately. Report to Sickbay when you're ready. (Tuvok leaves.)JANEWAY: You said it yourself. We've exhausted every medical treatment. On my way. [Bridge] Commander? Hail them. On screen. I'm Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We recently found a piece of Borg technology. It's been infected with a viral agent we believe was transmitted by your Yes. A weapon? So you created a virus to infect their technology. Your virus has had one unexpected casualty. A member of my crew. She's Borg. We were hoping you could help us treat her. All right. We'll return it to you, but first we need to try to save our crew member. We think we have a way to counteract the Vinculum's effects. B'Elanna? I can't give it to you. Not yet. You could undoubtedly do significant damage to Voyager, and to the Vinculum. Is that what you want? Report. Shields. [Sickbay] Evasive manoeuvres. Target their weapons array. Reroute all available power to shields. Chakotay, initiate manual targeting. We took a direct hit to the power grid. Stand by. We're switching to emergency backup. [Meld] The field emitters are back online. Pull the plug. Hail the lead vessel. Tell them we're surrendering the Vinculum. Lock onto the damn thing. Beam it into space. Take us out of here, Tom. Warp nine. What about her other personalities? Any sign of them?. Let's start with something small, like a recalibration of the EPS manifolds. B'Elanna's expecting you in Engineering.
My compliments to the chef. I knew you'd been expanding your palate, but I didn't realise you'd become a gourmet cook. Captain to the bridge. Report. How?  On my way. [Bridge] Try reversing the shield polarity. Hail them. Return fire. Can you identify them? Evasive pattern beta six. (The newcomer attacks the first ship.) Hail the second ship. Reroute power to the auxiliary emitters and return fire. (Containers disappear from a cargo bay, plants from Airponics, a console and tool box from Engineering.) Disable their engines. (But the ship jumps to warp.) JANEWAY: Follow them. I want a full damage report and an inventory of everything that was taken off this ship. And I want to know where we are. Except for the ships that attacked us. Scan for other vessels. I want to know how many we're dealing with. What's the status of our shields? That'll have to do. Charge weapons. On screen. I'm Captain Janeway of the starship Voyager. You're the first ship we've seen here that hasn't tried to fire on us. But in case you change your mind, we're prepared to defend ourselves. I'd appreciate any information you could give us about where we are. [Briefing room] Our ships certainly penetrated it when we were pulled in. There must be a way to escape. We have a sophisticated starship. Maybe if we work together we can find a way out. And I suppose you can help us do that? But you want something in return. I'm sorry, we don't trade weapons. Because we have no way of knowing what they'll be used for. Plundering innocent ships, for example. I'm sorry, General. There are some compromises I won't make.  Report, Lieutenant. Shut down all non-essential systems. To find a way out of here. [Astrometrics lab] Not without compromising structural integrity. At the rate we're losing it, we may only get one shot at this. The sooner we try, the better. [Bridge] Full power to shields and structural integrity. Take us in, Mister Paris. Prepare to go to warp. (Consoles go bang, and everyone gets thrown to the deck. They are still in the Void.) Go ahead. [Engineering] If nothing else, we learned some things that'll help us next time. I appreciate the offer, Neelix, but we're safer if we stay together. We could use their warp cores to augment power on Voyager. Let's track down the ship that raided us and get back what they stole. Vultures eat the dead, Mister Paris. We're not dead yet. [Bridge] Shields. On screen. (The ship is adrift and apparently on fire. Neat trick in a vacuum.) Scan for ion trails. Whoever did this probably has our deuterium. Every little bit helps. Lock onto the core casing and beam it to the cargo bay. [Cargo bay] My name's Captain Janeway. You're safe here. Do we know how he got on board? We should have picked up his lifesigns. That vessel he was on had no atmosphere. How did he survive? Do you think that ship was his home? We'll run scans for other members of his species. But until we can find a safe place for him, let's make him as comfortable as possible.  You found something? We're not here to trade. We're here to take back what belongs to us. No. Apparently you killed the crew of another ship and took it from them. We want it back. Either you give it back, or we'll take it. Target his shields and fire. Lock onto whatever belongs to us and transport it to the cargo bay. Is it ours? No, he wouldn't. We've got what's ours. Reverse course. [Ready room] Doesn't take two of you to deliver a PADD. What's on your mind? You think we should have taken Valen's food. I was thinking about that myself. I thought maybe I could get some guidance from the Federation Charter. I was hoping I'd find a loophole that would allow us to take actions we ordinarily wouldn't take. The Charter's a statement of principles, not a practical document. No. But I've become convinced that we've got to stick to our principles, not abandon them. If the alternative means becoming thieves and killers ourselves, yes. But I'm betting that our principles are going to keep us alive. The Federation is based on mutual cooperation. The idea that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Voyager can't survive here alone. But if we form a temporary alliance with other ships, maybe we can pool our resources and escape. I agree. Anyone who agrees to play by our rules. No killing, no stealing, and no giving up. We'll offer to share our food and medical supplies, and defend ships that are attacked by raiders. Maybe we'll only survive for two days instead of seven. On the other hand, if we share what we have instead of hoarding it, we might find other people willing to do the same. If we combine our technology, we can find ways of improving our situation, and ultimately get the hell out of this place. We may lose a little weight, gentlemen, but we won't lose who we are. Captain's log, stardate 54553.4. For the past several days, we've been making every effort to recruit members into an alliance, but it hasn't been easy. [Briefing room]  Whenever a new ship gets pulled into the Void they're immediately attacked. Instead of attacking it, you'd have to help defend the new ship. It would encourage them to join our alliance. We almost escaped the Void on our own. If we work together, I believe we'll succeed. You'd be the first. All I ask is that you consider our proposal. In the meantime, we'd like to offer you food and medical supplies. Nothing. Compliments of the Alliance. (The aliens leave.) What's missing? It wasn't stolen. I gave it to the Nygeans. They needed it to repair their sensor array. I think I did. The goodwill of a potential ally. Not yet. I know. It's not exactly the most efficient policy. But then you don't always do what's most efficient either. You gave up your rations to our guest in Sickbay. You're a valuable member of this crew. Your friend in Sickbay is nothing but a drain on resources. What's efficient about wasting food on him? You think I'm being inefficient, Tuvok thinks I'm being illogical. You both could be right. But maybe the best way to get help is to give it. Oh, and Seven? I'm sorry I gave away your favourite phase compensator. [Sickbay] (Opera music playing, a duet.)  Charge weapons. Shields to full. Target Valen's weapons, and hail him. Then stand down. I'm not here to divide the spoils. To protect the ship you're firing on. Just some people in a bad situation, like the rest of us. Take his weapons out. Hail the new ship. We're here to help you. Can you target the smaller warship? Fire torpedoes. Ours? Seal them. Go ahead. [Engineering] Not yet. Get a weapons lock on him. We've been fooled by unexpected allies before. Because I don't know what your intentions are. Well, in that case, welcome to the Alliance. Captain's log, stardate 54562.7. Since Garon and the survey ship became our charter members, finding new allies has gotten a little easier. My latest prospect is Commander Bosaal, whose ship has technology that could help us escape. [Mess hall]  Neelix, we have another guest for dinner. They're replicated. One of the crews that joined us had technology that tripled our replicator efficiency. Why don't we sit down? [Corridor] I beg your pardon? Doctor! One of the principles of our Alliance is that we don't discriminate. Everyone's welcome as long as they follow the rules. But if you're having a bad experience with the members of this species on your ship, I'd be happy to bring them to Voyager. Now that we've had a chance to analyse Fantome's physiology, I think we can get a transporter lock on them. I'm simply trying to demonstrate how cooperation and tolerance can benefit everyone. How's it coming? What's the problem, exactly? Wouldn't a polaron modulator be able to do that? Maybe we could trade for one, or find [Astrometrics lab] (The Heirarchy are eavesdropping.)JANEWAY You never know unless you ask. Ask Harry to give you a hand. I'm impressed. That suggests they have a language of their own. Could their species be native to the Void? Just when you think nothing in the galaxy can surprise you anymore. Where did you get it? Do they want to join our Alliance? How did you get this? What did you give them? Did you steal it? Disconnect the modulator. We're returning it to the people it belongs to. You don't know that. BOSAAL Yes, I do. You killed them. Because it's a violation of everything this Alliance stands for. No. But using it would make us accessories to murder. Take it and get out. [Corridor] Impulsive and self-righteous? Is that what you think? Still, I made a mistake. Oh, I had a pretty good idea what kind of person he was. That bigoted reaction he had to the Doctor's friend told me all I needed to know, but I ignored my instincts. Because I thought his ship could help us escape. Maybe not. But if I'd listened to my doubts in the first place, we wouldn't have lost the other two ships. Where do we stand with the modulator? So everyone's pulling together to make up for my mistake.  Good news, I hope. I'm so glad we taught them the value of cooperation. Tell B'Elanna we don't have time to test her modulator. We've got to try to escape now. [Sickbay]  Sorry to interrupt, but we've got a situation developing. We're going to try to break free of the anomaly. Your friends are welcome to join us but they should be aware of the dangers. (The EMH translates this.) Where would they like us to transport them? Alert the other ships. Take us in, Tom. Janeway to Engineering. Status. You've got one. (Bosaal and company come in weapons blazing.) Voyager to all Alliance ships. Begin firing at your designated targets. Janeway to the Doctor. Initiate [Transporter room] JANEWAY  Acknowledged. Janeway to Engineering. We need that modulator. Let's hear it. (Musical tones.) JANEWAY: What's he saying, Doctor? [Transporter room] Now, B'Elanna. (The big shield is formed as they enter the funnel.) Do it, Tom!(The shield drops and they all go to warp.) [Transporter room]  Gentlemen, it's been a privilege to have you as allies. You're welcome to have a meal with us anytime. And to all of yours as well. It was almost like being part of a Federation again. Then what are we standing around for? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Space, the great unknown, Only now we're going to know it a little better. Harry? (An image of our galaxy from above is divided into grids. Note to the interested, the long wig has finally been discarded and Janeway has Kate Mulgrew's natural shorter length hair.) Ensign Kim and Seven of Nine have merged Starfleet and Borg ingenuity to create this new technology.And I'm sure I speak for the entire crew when I say, thank you. Now, how the hell does it work? Janeway here. Open a channel. Good day, sir. Have we offended you in some way? I was under the impression we were entering Zahl territory. With all due respect, unless you've got something a little bigger in your torpedo tubes, I'm not turning around. But I'm certainly willing to discuss this issue with you. He seems rather intent. Let's go to yellow alert. Maintain our course. Maybe the Zahl can give us some answers. Day 4 [Briefing room] (Voyager hangs nose to nose with two large spaceships. Unlike the Krenim and their severe uniforms, the Zahl go for a more casual look.) ZAHL It was hardly traumatic, but I am curious. The Krenim claim this region as their own. Hello again. Gentlemen, please. Believe me, we're not conspiring against you. Tom. Shields to full. Secure primary systems. All hands, brace for impact. (The shock wave makes the Zahl ships vanish and the small Krenim ship turns into a big battle cruiser. As it passes through Voyager, the Zahl official disappears and Ms Lang is lying on the deck.) It's about time. On screen. We've done nothing to provoke these attacks. We've been trying to communicate with your vessels but the only answer I get is weapons fire. Captain Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. We're simply trying to get home. If you'd kindly allow us to pass through I don't respond well to threats. All hands, battle stations. This is turning into the Week of Hell. Evasive manoeuvres. Then lets exercise the better part of valour. Get us out of here, warp six. Damage report. Mister Kim, do we have any sensors left? Commander, put the ship on twenty four hour tactical alert. Tuvok, analyse whatever data we've got on those chronoton torpedoes. See if you can modify our shielding. When those Krenim attack again, I want to be ready. [Krenim Timeship - Annorax's office] (Annorax is studing a small object held in a clear pyramid.) Return fire. How many torpedoes do we have left? Arm four of them. Stand by to open the launch doors. We're going to deploy them like mines. Tom, I need your finesse. Let the Krenim get within five thousand metres of us. Tuvok, do it. (The massive Krenim battleship flies into the photon torpedoes and goes KaBOOM!) Report! Casualties? Stand down Red alert. Assemble a security team. Survey the ship deck by deck. I want a full damage report. I'll be in my ready room. You have the bridge. What's left of it. [Ready room] (Also with debris on all surfaces. It is dark, just one light flickering.) Come in. Sorry about the mess. Is there something on your mind? (She hands him her favourite teapot, still intact.) That's never stopped you before. Broken. (The desk computer.) Not yet, but it will. With every attack we're getting more information about their chronoton weapons. We don't have a choice. Here comes the part I'm not going to like. Then what? Abandon ship? The answer's no. I'm not breaking up the family, Chakotay. We're stronger as a team. One crew, one ship. The moment we split apart, we lose the ability to pool our talents. We become vulnerable. We'll get picked off one by one. Now I say we make our stand. Together. As long as Voyager's in one piece, we stay. My lucky teacup. Right over here. (Whumph!) Ingenious. The Titanic? As I recall, it sank. I knew your fixation with history would come in handy someday. Good work. Happy what? Is it? I thought we were still in April. Guess I've lost track of the time. It's beautiful. I appreciate the sentiment, but I can't keep this. Recycle it. We can't afford to waste energy on nonessentials. That watch represents a meal, a hypospray, or a pair of boots. It could mean the difference between life and death one day. [Tuvok's quarters] (Tuvok dips his Vulcan cut-throat razor into the water and starts to shave himself. He nicks his jawline. The mirror above the bowl is shattered. He feels for the towel. The doorbell chimes.) On screen. You know the routine. Seven, we could a little of that Borg efficiency right about now. Hail them. Krenim vessels, this is the captain of Voyager. You may have noticed we have a defence against your torpedoes now. I suggest you stand down. Their mistake. Bring the ship about. We're going through their space whether they like it or not. [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] They don't know what to do with us now that we're shielded against their torpedoes. Tom, get us out of here. Maybe our new shields will help. All hands, brace for impact. What happened to the warship? Harry, transfer all your sensor data about that shockwave to the Astrometrics lab. Tell Seven of Nine to meet me there. Well, let's get it back online. It appears that the Krenim Imperium has vanished. Our troubles could be over and I'd like to find out why. [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] Is the astrometric database still intact? Display the scans we made of this region before the temporal shockwave hit. The Krenim Imperium. Over two hundred star systems, nine hundred planets, thousands of warp capable vessels. And now, after the shockwave, everything seems to have changed. Run a new scan. Same space, different configuration, exactly as Chakotay said. The Imperium appears to have been reduced to a few planets, and a smattering of vessels. It appears that someone or something has altered history. But why weren't we affected? So the question remains. What caused that shockwave in the first place? See if you can track it back to its origin. The Garenor? We passed their planet three weeks ago. What? Erased from history. I'm no authority on time travel, in fact I've made it my goal in life to avoid it, but this sounds to me like a causality paradox. Think about it. A temporal shock wave eliminates a single species and all of history changes as a result. But why would they alter history to undermine themselves? No, we're still missing a big piece of the puzzle. Run another scan of the (Rumble! The Time ship dwarfs Voyager as it arrives overhead.) [Krenim Timeship- Bridge] Get a lock on them. On screen. I'm Captain Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. Who are you, and where are my men? We come from Earth, a planet sixty five thousand light years from here. We're on our way home. We've been observing some rather unusual events in the region. It seems your Imperium never existed. Perhaps you could shed some light on this? Your mission? You're responsible for the changes in the timeline. Shields. (The time incursion beam is aimed directly at Voyager.) He's trying to erase us from history. We'll have to come back for them. All hands clear the outer sections and prepare for wide-scale breaches. Tuvok, activate the transverse bulkheads. Engage warp seven. Each of you has done their best, but determination alone isn't going to hold this ship together. It's time we faced reality. We've lost nine decks. More than half the ship has been destroyed. Life support is nearly gone. Voyager can no longer sustain it's crew. I promised myself that I would never give this order, that I would never break up this family, but asking you to stay would be asking you to die. You will proceed to the escape pods and evacuate this vessel. Set your course for the Alpha Quadrant. Along the way, try to find allies. Secure faster ships, if you can. Anything to get home. The senior staff and I will remain on board as long as possible. We will try somehow to rescue Tom and Chakotay. The escape pods are equipped with subspace beacons. That's how we'll keep track of you. When we find each other again, (she knocks on a table) and we will, we will find each other again, I expect all of you to be in one piece with some interesting stories to tell. Good luck. (The escape pods are ejected.)  To Be Continued... Day 133 Captain's log, stardate 51425.4. Our condition has left us vulnerable to spatial anomalies and to any alien species eager for a piece of hardware. We've taken refuge in a class nine nebula. [Corridor] Let's bypass. How long can you hold your breath? [Bridge] How is Harry? Would you rather have an indoor nebula? If we didn't stop it then and there, it would have flooded another two decks. B'Elanna, engines? Route all available power to the good one. Impossible. I've got too much work to do. Inject me with trioxin. That should help me breathe a little easier. B'Elanna, stand by for the transfer. Captain's orders. Trioxin. Now. Thank you. Now, where were we? [Krenim Timeship - Annorax' chambers] Well, it's been a few days since we've gathered in one place. Now's a good time to catch up. How are the repairs proceeding? And the power grid? Warp drive? How long? I thought this nebula would be a safe haven until we finished repairs, but it's turning into a permanent residence. We've got to get back into open space, find allies, put together a fighting force to take on Annorax. We're leaving this damn cloud first thing tomorrow morning. Really? I appreciate your opinion, Seven, but I disagree. We leave tomorrow, oh eight hundred hours. [Corridor] Emergency power to the deflector. I'll be in deflector control. I know. [Outside Deflector control] Bridge, I'm going in. Stand by to engage the deflector. Tell the Doctor I'll be coming [Bridge] Back with severe burns.TUVOK: Captain. [Outside Deflector control] Do it. Be kind. [Bridge] I'll consider them mementos. What for? Is there something else wrong with me? What are you suggesting? My only obsession is with saving my ship, my people. If I've been taking some reckless chances in order to do that, it's hardly a medical condition. You don't have to. You're not going to do that. Try it and I'll shut down your programme. I am sorry, Doctor. I've been operating on instinct for so long I did not think before I spoke. I have no intention of deactivating you. But I won't stay in this mess hall. Final. How do you plan to implement this protocol, Doctor? Mister Tuvok doesn't have a security team, both the brigs have been destroyed, and with the internal forcefields offline you'll have a hell of a time keeping me confined. You'd better grab a phaser, because before I give up command you'll have to shoot me. Compared to what I've been through the past few months, a court martial would be a small price to pay. If we make it back home I'll be happy to face the music. Day 207 [Corridor] Another ruptured EPS conduit. Thirty three, thirty four, thirty five. And that fluidic converter needs to be purged. The gravitational plating in this room has buckled. Chakotay gave this to me five months ago. A birthday gift. I Come on. [Krenim Timeship - Paris' quarters] Approximately fifty light years from here. Our new allies are assembling reinforcements. Once we're in range, Tom says he'll try to take the weapon ship's temporal core offline. When that happens they'll be vulnerable to conventional weapons. Tom will then transmit the exact location of the core. Our job will be to disable the ship and get our people out. Is everyone clear? B'Elanna, Harry, I want you to beam over to the Nihydron vessel. Work with their engineers. The entire fleet needs to be equipped with temporal shielding. Tuvok, Neelix, Seven. You'll be working on the Mawasi ship. Doctor, once the attack begins, your skills will no doubt be required. Join Tuvok's team. I'll be piloting Voyager, coordinating the attack. There's fight in Voyager yet. It's still got temporal shields, six photon torpedoes. It'll hold together. Besides, you know the adage. Captain goes down with the ship, right? You have your orders. Dismissed. Tuvok, I can hear your objections already. I am not leaving. Oh, I know the odds. But I have to stay. Voyager's done too much for us. Oh, you're wrong. It's much more than that. This ship has been our home. It's kept us together. It's been part of our family. As illogical as this might sound, I feel as close to Voyager as I do to any other member of my crew. It's carried us, Tuvok. Even nurtured us. And right now it needs one of us. Same to you, old friend.(Janeway hugs Tuvok. He reciprocates, slightly. Then Janeway lets Seven lead him away. Janeway looks at the watch at her waist, then Chakotay's empty chair, and sits down.) Day 257 [Bridge] I'm picking up the weapon ship dead ahead. Temporal shields status. This is Captain Janeway to the fleet. Plot an intercept course to the weapon ship. [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] Let's see if Tom has done his part. Janeway to the fleet. Attack pattern Omega. Engage. [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] Janeway to the fleet. Evasive pattern Delta. We're going to have to wait. Come on, Tom. Come on.(Paris is still working.) [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] Everything's going as planned. Tom sent me the coordinates of their temporal core before he left. I'm transmitting them to you now. [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] Negative. Torpedo launchers are down. I'm setting a collision course. Janeway to the fleet. Take your temporal shields offline. Exactly. If that ship is destroyed all of history might be restored. And this is one year I'd like to forget. Time's up.(Voyager ploughs into its mortal enemy with a big KaBOOM!) [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] When can you bring it online? Well, I'd say this is cause for celebration. On screen. Open a channel. Captain Janeway of the starship Voyager. We're just passing through, trying to get home. Thanks for the warning. I think I'll replicate a bottle of Saint Emillion for the occasion. 2370. I hear that was a good year. [Kyana Prime Colony]
Open a channel. Commander Chakotay, notify the Doctor. Mister Kim, beam the woman to Sickbay. Are we anywhere near it? Assuming she survives, and we can take adequate security precautions, we'll turn her over to her people when we get there. Is there something wrong? I've noticed. I appreciate your bringing this to my attention, Commander, but I trust you to handle the problem any way you see fit. Chief Medical Officer's Log, supplemental. Test results indicate that the holographic body is functioning normally. The patient's synaptic patterns appear to be stable, so I'm now ready to begin transferring her cognitive and motor processes. [Sickbay] (The EMH touches the hologram's arm to wake her up.) Don't look at me, Mister Paris. Commander Chakotay has complete discretion in this matter. Mister Tuvok. Please escort Mister Paris to the brig. [Secret location]
I think it's finally beginning to happen. Both crews getting along. Yes, I'm sure it will. Go ahead I'm on my way. [Bridge] (Janeway, Paris and Kim enter.) Report, Commander. Go to yellow alert and slow to impulse. Hail them, Mister Kim. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. What is the nature of your emergency? But you're sending out a distress call. Why? that's very kind of you Mister Tuvok, make the necessary arrangements to receive our guest. [Mess hall] (Neelix and Kes are working in the kitchen when Janeway and Gath enter. Tuvok follows.) Mister Labin, it really isn't necessary to go to all this trouble. We won't be long, Neelix. This is Mister, this is Gath. He's from Sikaris. (Gath takes dishes from a bag he was carrying.) Do you know the planet? Tell me, how do you know about us? This is wonderful. Sounds like all this would increase performance and maximise efficiency, don't you think, Mister Tuvok? Well Gath, looks like you're getting visitors. We'll set a course and follow you in. What is this material? It's so delicate. It's lovely but, no, thank you. All right, but something small. Maybe a scarf? Let's start with the scarf. Oh, I think this one. Well, I should get back. But with your permission, I'd like to start organising teams to gather plants and seeds. I'll find my officers and we'll return to the ship. We'd be delighted. Captain's log, stardate 48642.5. The crew is enjoying an evening on Sikaris. They are discovering, to their delight, that reports of this species' hospitality have not been exaggerated. [Plaza] (Kim is in casual clothes, reclining on cushions and telling the story.) Oh my, I have lost all track of time. My crew has gone. I'm the last one here. I am. (Gath slowly moves in for a kiss.) Calm down, Ensign. What is it? That's something that's been theorised, but no one's ever been able to develop the technology. How far can it take you? What do you think? Would it be possible to modify your technology so we could use it? What is it? It's the first time we've been on the other side of the fence. The one that's made of binding principles. We have our own set of rules, which includes the Prime Directive. How many times have we been in the position of refusing to interfere when some kind of disaster threatened an alien culture. It's all very well to say we do it on the basis of an enlightened principle, but how does that feel to the aliens? I'm sure many of them think the Prime Directive is a lousy idea. They just might be. From what we've seen of them, they're a remarkably pleasure oriented people. They might appreciate a gift of literature. I'll arrange to meet with Gath. As Magistrate he has the authority to make this decision. You'll do nothing of the sort, Lieutenant. If I find this law is negotiable, I'll make every attempt to get the technology, but until then we won't do anything that might violate their canon of laws as we understand it. That's all. (Everyone leaves except Kim and Torres.) Pecan pie. I'd be happy to share it with you. Gath, I want you to know I understand your reluctance to share your technology with us. We have similar restrictions. But I wondered, would it make any difference if I gave you my word that we would destroy the trajector matrix as soon as we'd used it? I understand. And frankly, I suspected as much. But I have a proposal which might allow you to obey your laws and still give us what we want. Surely you could use the trajectory to send us? Forty thousand light years would mean a great deal to us. And in return, we're prepared to offer you something you might enjoy. A full library of the Federation's finest literature. Centuries of stories. New stories from diverse cultures. Stories that fire the imagination. Pecan pie. [Engineering] Did Jaret explain what he meant when he said Gath had no intention of helping us leave? Possibly. But somehow I suspect he's right. Thank you for coming to me with this, Ensign. It may muddy the situation somewhat, but it helps me force the issue. Dismissed. Oh, Tuvok, what do I do now? Not very pretty choices. But does that matter? I told the crew when we started this journey that we'd be a Starfleet crew, behaving as Starfleet would expect us to. That means there's a certain standard I have to uphold. Principles, principles. That's what it comes down to. Do I compromise my almighty principles? But how do I not compromise them if it involves a chance to get the crew more than half way home. How do I tell them my principles are so important that I would deny them that opportunity. You're right. Thank you, Tuvok. [Plaza] Have you spoken with the other Magistrates about using the trajector? It's becoming a matter of some urgency. We've imposed on you for long enough. My crew is eager to continue our journey. Once they realised the trajector might bring us forty thousand light years closer to home. Home is home. It's where we belong. Yes, but for how long? I've seen how quickly you get tired of your pleasures. All that interests you is what's new and unexplored. After a day or two it becomes commonplace. We prefer permanence. The reward of relationships that endure and grow deeper with the passing of time. You may be right. And that's why we have to leave. I'm sorry. I was just trying to illustrate the differences between us. That's all you really care about, isn't it? Your pleasure. All your hospitality, your graciousness, it was never about giving us pleasure. It's all been to gratify yourselves. We're nothing more than the latest novelty. You never had any intention of helping us, did you? Janeway to Voyager. One to beam up. [Bridge] Cancel all shore leave and recall the away teams. We've been asked to leave. I don't think he ever had any intention of helping us. He just strung us along. Oh, I wish I could, but I can't. Get them back as quickly as you can, Commander. I think we've overextended our stay here. I'll be in my Ready room. [Mess hall] Are all the food supplies secured? Bridge to Engineering. We'll be leaving orbit within minutes. [Engineering] JANEWAY Bridge to Engineering. We're ready to leave orbit. Thrusters online. Mister Paris, take us out of orbit. Four thousand kph. Janeway to Engineering. [Engineering] JANEWAY When did this problem show up? Keep me advised. [Engineering] Bridge to Torres. What's happening? [Engineering] JANEWAY You? I will deal with you in a moment. (to Torres) I don't have the luxury of throwing you in the brig for the rest of this voyage. I need you. I need every person on this ship. But I want you to know how very deeply you have disappointed me. If there are any further transgressions, even a minor one, you will no longer be an officer on this crew. Is that clear? Dismissed. (Torres leaves.) I don't even know where to start. I want you to explain to me how you, of all people, could be involved in this. You did it for me because you knew I couldn't. You are one of my most valued officers and you are my friend. It is vital that you understand me here. I need you, but I also need to know that I can count on you. You are my counsel, the one I turn to when I need my moral compass checked. We have forged this relationship for years and I depend on it. I realise you made a sacrifice for me, but it's not one I would have allowed you to make. You can use logic to justify almost anything. That's it's power, and it's flaw. From now on, bring your logic to me. Don't act on it behind my back. Dismissed. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
You two have outdone yourselves. I've never seen First Contact Day celebrated quite like this. When I was your age, all it meant was a day off from school. Well, you certainly succeeded. This is an official ship function, Commander. Don't make me order you to dance. (Chakotay enters.) Not exactly. The lifesigns appear to be coming from inside that asteroid field.  Problem? What kind of discharges? Source? We'll need to send a rescue team. Work with B'Elanna. Try to modify the shields on one of the shuttles to withstand these explosions. [Dexa's quarters] {Neelix is on a bed, having a head wound tended to. His nurse is a Talaxian woman.)  Harry? Janeway to the shuttlebay. What's the status of the shield modifications? Good. (to Chakotay) Take an away team and find them. On screen. (This person is not Talaxian.) I'm Captain Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. We weren't aware of that. We lost one of our shuttles inside the field. We're preparing to send a rescue team. We're not interested in the resources. We were only trying to make contact with the Talaxians. One of my crewmen is from Talax. He was eager to meet some of his people. We'd appreciate it if you'd stop using them until we can get our people out. That's kind of you, but we're prepared to go in and get them ourselves.  Isn't there enough to mine here, without destroying their home? We'd be willing to help you make the modifications. Commander, the future of more than five hundred people is at stake here. [Mess hall]  Going somewhere, Mister Neelix? Chakotay tells me you're using your own ship. Why not have Tom take you in the Flyer? You wouldn't be planning anything foolish, would you? That wasn't my question. You're as much a part of this crew as anyone else. That depends on what you're going to do. Safe journey, Mister Neelix. [Public area] Delta Flyer to Neelix. Are you all right? [Neelix's ship] We're just helping a friend in distress. [Asteroid control centre] (The shield goes online just as the miners drop a whole flurry of mining charges. They explode harmlessly.)  I didn't think anyone else stayed up this late. Have a seat. Of course not. I know you do. I've been thinking about something, too. Maybe you could help me. It's an idea I'd need to talk to Starfleet Command about. It is. Now that we've established two way communication with Earth, it seems to me Starfleet could use a permanent ambassador in the Delta Quadrant. This ambassador would have to stay in frequent contact with Voyager. It would be difficult for me to run this ship without you, Neelix. But that might be a sacrifice I'd be willing to make for the greater good of Starfleet. Of course, the assignment would be entirely voluntary. You wouldn't be interested, would you? [Outside the shuttlebay] (Neelix steps out of the turbolift and walks down a long honour guard of officers and crew, that ends with the senior officers and Naomi.) Goodbye. And good luck, Ambassador.
Distance? It's a long shot, but alter course. If that's all, Commander. My mind is perfectly clear. I'd say, have a seat, it'll be a while. Would you be satisfied with I'm just catching up on some reading? I'm not sure I understand it myself. It started when we entered this, what does the crew call it? Charming. Oh, what I wouldn't give for a few Borg cubes about now. Anything for a little distraction. Strange as it sounds, I almost long for the days when we were under constant attack. No time to stop and think about how we got stranded in the Delta quadrant. How did we end up here, Chakotay? Answer me. No. No, no. I decided to stay. I made that choice for everyone. The very same words I've been telling myself for the past four years. But then we hit this Void, and I started to realise how empty those words sound. I made an error in judgment, Chakotay. It was short-sighted and it was selfish, and now all of us are paying for my mistake. So if you don't mind, Commander, I'll pass on that little game. And I'll leave shipboard morale in your capable hands. If the crew asks for me, tell them the Captain sends her regards. [Bridge] (Kim is lounging in the Captain's chair, playing a soulful tune on his clarinet. Tuvok enters.) Follow me. (She is toting a phaser rifle.) We can do better than that. This power cell should be enough to get emergency power back online. Janeway to bridge, report. The ships aren't responding to hails. Tuvok, target the ship off our port bow. Fire a few warning shots. (The ship returns fire.) Compensate. Welcome aboard. I'm afraid we'll have to talk here. You appear to be leaking. It's a pleasure to meet you, and a relief. We can't go back. We're crossing this expanse to reach our home. Well, thank you again. I'm curious, Mister Emck. What are you doing here, besides rescuing starships in distress? Why? Oh, my apologies, Mister Emck, but I'd like to know what's going on here. Are you at war with these beings? Your vessel seems to be leaking large amounts of theta radiation. What kind of transport mission are you on, exactly? I think it's time we heard the other side of the story. [Sickbay] His condition? Theta radiation poisoning. I'd like a word with him. I'm Kathryn Janeway, captain of this vessel. No. We're simply trying to cross this region. We never met the Malon before today. Well, I have no intention of giving you to them. You're not a captive here. Doctor. Are you at war with the Malon? The theta radiation. Why? What do they want from you? I don't understand. Of course. But I need to understand. You say the Malon are killing your people. There must be a reason. I need a workstation. Route it to the helm. If you enter the coordinates, my pilot will set a course. Take the bridge. I'll stay here. I'm confident they won't. Finally, something to put in my logbook. [Bridge] Stand by. Let's run a full bioscan. What about the vortex? Can you close it, keep them out? Lower the shields. Poison. Hail them. That won't be possible. We've returned him to his people. You wanted the lifeform because you were afraid we'd uncover your transport mission. Well, it is now. You're using their space as a dumping ground for your antimatter waste. Why? One's enough. We didn't come here to debate the issue. We came here to offer a peaceful solution. My people use anti-matter as well, but we've found ways to purify the reactants so there's no toxic waste. We'll show you. Stand by for transport. Commander, take our guest to Engineering. Give him a demonstration. Let's turn our sensors on that vortex. I want to know exactly how it works, just in case diplomacy fails. Options? We give them the reclamation technology, and continue on our way home. Even if we did get through the vortex, there's no guarantee the Malon will do the right thing, if Mister Emck is any indication. As long as this vortex exists, the inhabitants of this region are at risk. I believe so, but there's a catch. We'll have to collapse it from this end, where it's dimensional radius is weakest. We'd be closing our short-cut out of here. But I'm not sure I can. Four years ago I destroyed the Caretaker's array to protect the Ocampa. That act of compassion stranded this crew in the Delta quadrant. I'm not about to give that order again. It's close enough. I'm asking this crew to make too big a sacrifice. I won't make that same mistake. Chakotay, there's no one I trust more than you. You're a fine First Officer. Are you ready to Captain this ship? Assemble the crew. [Bridge] At ease. Harry, how've you been? Good. Likewise. I'll make this brief. Your orders are to proceed to the vortex. Use whatever means necessary to fight your way past the Malon freighter. I'll stay behind in a shuttlecraft and destroy the vortex. Tuvok, I'll need a class two shuttle armed with photon torpedoes. Tom, set a course for Have a little faith, B'Elanna. I'll have a shuttle, plenty of rations. I'll survive. I've made my decision. Tom, set a course. (Paris keeps his arms folded.) Lieutenant, I gave you an order. Harry, take the helm. Yes, I can see that. You realise you could all be hanged for mutiny.? Looks like we need another option. There'll be a massive shock wave on our tail. There's still one obstacle. The Malon. You realise it will reduce our chance of getting through. All right. Back to your stations. Let's do it. You told them. They knew coming in. Return fire. Hit them with everything we've got. Open a channel. This is Voyager. Stand down your weapons and fall back. (Whumph!) I'll take that as a no. Bridge to Engineering, we're approaching the vortex. [Engineering] JANEWAY Can you get us out of here on one engine, Tom? On my order, Tuvok. We'll only get one shot at this. Evade them. (Paris rolls Voyager through the explosions and heaves a sigh of relief.) Time to intercept? Steady as she goes. Keep laying down fire. Tuvok, can you reinforce the aft shields with our main deflector? Do it. We're going to ride that shockwave out of here. Let it push us to the other side. Target their cargo hold. Time to take out the garbage. (Six torpedoes rip into the freighter. Big green KaBOOM!) Torpedoes. (Three torpedoes detonate behind Voyager.) All hands, brace for impact! (The shockwave hits.) On screen. Maintain course. (A little later, the EMH and Torres enter,) Harry, what do you see out there? Full speed ahead. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
So, how's the newest addition to our family? Well, it's time we brought her up to date. Wake her. We had to neutralise the neurotransceiver in your upper spinal column. Your link to the Collective has been severed. I'm afraid I can't do that If I were to turn this ship around and head back into Borg territory I'd be putting my crew at risk. I'm not prepared to do that. Try to understand. You have to stay on board Voyager. But I'm offering you freedom from the Collective, and I assure you we will do everything we can to help the transition It's too late for that. Your human cells are starting to regenerate. You won't survive without medical care.  Come in. What about the warp drive? Granted. Tactical update? So we're not out of the woods yet. Seven of Nine could help with that. That could change. I just have to reach her somehow. (She shows him what she has been reading - Registery Archive Personnel Database.) Annika Hansen. It took some digging through the Federation database, but I managed to find a single entry in the records of Deep Space Four. Her parents were unconventional. They fancied themselves explorers, but wanted nothing to do with Starfleet or the Federation. Their names were last recorded at a remote outpost in the Omega sector. They refused to file a flight plan. Apparently, they aimed their small ship toward the Delta Quadrant and were never heard from again. From what she's told me, that was almost twenty years ago. What's the alternative? Toss her back to the wolves? What is it, Doctor? I'll be right there. [Sickbay] Report. Which is the last thing Seven of Nine would want. This is no ordinary patient. She may have been raised by Borg, raised to think like a Borg, but she's with us now. And underneath all that technology she is a human being, whether she's ready to accept that or not. And until she is ready, someone has to make the decisions for her. Proceed with the surgery. Excellent work, Doctor. I admire your attention to detail. When can I speak with her? I would. How are you, Kes? What are you suggesting? Kes? I couldn't do that. I want to help you, but I need to understand what you're going through. It's obvious that you're in pain. That you're frightened. That you feel isolated. Alone. No, but I can imagine. You were part of a vast consciousness, billions of minds working together. A harmony of purpose and thought. No indecision, no doubts. The security and strength of a unified will. And you've lost that. I can't give you back to the Borg, but you're not alone. You're part of a human community now. A human collective. We may be individuals but we live and work together. You can have some of the unity you require right here on Voyager. It'll have to do. And the fact is, this community needs you. The Borg modifications you made to our vessel are disrupting our warp drive. We need your help to remove them, your expertise, your cooperation. You must comply. [Engineering] Lieutenant Torres, Ensign Kim, you remember Seven of Nine. We can't afford to delay repairs any longer, so I've asked her to help us remove the Borg modifications. She only has a few hours before she returns to Sickbay. I suggest you put here to good use. Well, now that the pleasantries are over, why don't you get to work? I want updates every hour. Disable the transmitter. There was some kind of explosion in the Jefferies tube just as she was about to initiate her transmission. [Kes' quarters] We don't know what caused it. I can tell by the expression on your face that you've got some bad news. Enough for a Borg ship to track? And the second front? Explain. I've got an Ocampan who wants to be something more and a Borg who's afraid of becoming something less. Here's to Vulcan stability. Wait for me. [Brig] I've decided to keep you in the Brig until I'm certain you won't try to harm us again. If necessary the Doctor can treat you here. I honestly believed you were going to help us. What happened? I've met Borg who were freed from the Collective. It wasn't easy for them to accept their individuality, but in time they did. You're no different. Granted, you were assimilated at a very young age, and your transition may be more difficult, but it will happen. Yes, I hope so. That's what individuality is all about. I don't think you'll want to do that. You lost the capacity to make a rational choice the moment you were assimilated. They took that from you, and until I'm convinced you've gotten it back, I'm making the choice for you. You're staying here. Bridge to Neelix. What's going on down there? Neelix, report. Tuvok. (Janeway and Tuvok enter the mess hall to see Kes on her knees, smiling, glowing and semi-transparent. Then she solidifies again.) [Doctor's office] Then for some reason her atoms re-established their bonds and she was back in one piece. Tuvok, enhance the structural integrity fields throughout the ship. If she has another incident I'd like to avoid a hull breach. Doctor, maybe it's time we broaden our horizons. This appears to have gone beyond medical science. We're into particle physics now. Keep me informed. {Sickbay] Go ahead, Ensign. Yes, you are. You're not alone. I'm willing to help you. You are with your own kind. Humans. I'm coming in. I don't think you will.(Janeway enters the cell, staying out of arms reach. She shows Seven the picture from the Personnel File on the PADD.)JANEWAY:  Do you remember her? Her name was Annika Hansen. She was born on stardate 25479 at the Tendara Colony. There's still a lot we don't know about her. Did she have any siblings? Who were her friends? Where did she go to school? What was her I can't do that. Oh yes, it is. I'm just giving you back what was stolen from you. The existence you were denied, the child who never had a chance. That life is yours to live now. It's what you are. Don't resist it. SEVEN: No! (She collapses into Janeway's arms. Janeway helps her back to the bunk and holds her.) Captain's log, supplemental. Warp drive is still offline and we don't know whether the Borg have detected us. Kes' psychokinetic abilities continue to damage the ship's structural integrity, and as a result our defences have been compromised. [Kes' quarters] You wanted to see me. Ah, Tuvok's meditation lamp. I was with him when he got it six years ago, from a Vulcan master. Who doubled the price when he saw our Starfleet insignias. Oh, Kes. We're going to get to the bottom of this. The Doctor's already working on a new approach. What if it's not true? What if you're simply being swept up in the excitement of something you think is happening, but it's not real? On the basis of a feeling, an intuition, you're asking me to let you go, quite likely for ever? Kes, I just can't do that. No. But argue with you? Even plead with you to reconsider? Absolutely, for as long as it takes. You've lived most of your life here. Voyager has been your home. And you've been a vital part of this family. Oh, I'm going to miss Janeway to bridge. [Bridge] Prepare a shuttle for launch and have Tuvok meet me on deck six. Kes is leaving us. [Corridor] Come on. Janeway to Chakotay. Beam us directly to the shuttlebay. [Bridge] Acknowledged. Looks like we're going to have to do this the hard way. (They run. The ship's hull starts to ripple.) [Bridge] Janeway to the bridge. Kes is aboard the shuttle. Initiate launch sequence. Can you hail her? On screen. Where are we? She's thrown us safely beyond Borg space. Ten years closer to home. [Cargo Bay two] (Seven is no longer in the rubber Borg suit, but a silver cat-suit with high heels. She also has blonde hair fastened back in a pleat. The EMH enters with You'll have to spend a few hours each day regenerating in a Borg alcove until your human metabolism can function on it's own. We'll leave one operational. Let's see how things go over the next few weeks. I'll consider granting you access to the rest of the ship once that I can trust that you won't try to get us all assimilated again. Good. If you need anything, contact me. What?
Report. Janeway to Engineering, what's your status? [Engineering] Good idea. Go ahead. Get repair crews on it. Mister Kim, I want a complete analysis of all the damage we've sustained. Come in. I'm sorry, Chakotay. I know you were friends. Will you arrange a memorial service? Was there something else? What do you mean? That's right. If you're suggesting we abandon our principles just because we're out of hailing range? Of course. Is there anything you have to say about that? I assure you, you can speak freely. I'm sure you realise that would be a violation of the Prime I appreciate your concerns, crewman, but let me make it absolutely clear. I'll destroy this ship before I turn any part of it over to the Kazon. So that's how the Maquis would do it, hmm? [Corridor] It's all right, Commander, I know Hogan's upset. He and Bendera were close. I think I've made my position clear on that. This isn't a democracy, Chakotay. I can't run this ship by consensus. I can't believe you'd support that man's position. Deck three. I haven't seen any evidence that they've let us down. Computer, hold turbolift. Commander, if you have a specific suggestion, please feel free to make it. With the Kazon? Nothing we've been through with the Kazon would lead me to believe they're trustworthy. I can't imagine making a deal with them. I've been in your quarters before. Right as usual. Thank you. Commander Chakotay has proposed that we make an alliance with one of the Kazon factions. We wouldn't give them weapons or technology, but we would pledge to support and defend them if they're attacked. How can I consider it? I can't just walk away from the precepts Starfleet has laid our for us. You don't deal with outlaws. You don't involve yourself in the political machinations of other cultures. It goes against everything I believe, everything I trained for, everything experience has taught me. Do I hear a however coming? Help me understand that. There are some differences here. By allying ourselves to one faction, we'd be giving that faction more power than the others. That would clearly affect the internal politics of all the Kazon. Once we're gone they'll probably go back to their in-fighting. Consequently, after much consideration, I've decided to seek an alliance with one of the Kazon factions. Ensign, I'll be glad to discuss my reasoning with you at a more appropriate time. However, this meeting is not to debate the decision but to decide how to pursue it. Yes, Mister Neelix. Good idea. Proceed, Mister Neelix. You can't have it both ways Commander. If you want to get in the mud with the Kazon you can't start complaining that you might get dirty. No, you've been through too much with her. Mister Neelix, prepare to take your shuttle to Sobras. In the meantime, I'll make contact with Seska. Dismissed. Captain's log, stardate 49337.4. After sending a subspace message to Seska and the Nistrim Maje Culluh, we have received a quick response. [Bridge] CULLUH Are you willing to meet with us? I suggest we rendezvous. We'll transmit coordinates to you. Fine. Transmit them to us. We want to make sure the Nistrim will also be an honourable ally. That you'll adhere to the conditions we establish. You can let all the Kazon factions know that Voyager has formed a coalition with you and will be an ally to any Nistrim ship or outpost we encounter. In addition, we're prepared to provide emergency supplies when needed. Food, medicine, clothing. An exchange? I can assure you that I would never agree to that. Culluh, I found the idea of an alliance with you distasteful. I was willing to explore the possibility, but now I see my instincts were dead on. This meeting is over. [Detention caves] All stop. We'll hold position here for two hours. If he hasn't shown up by then, we'll go to Sobras. [Engineering] All right, that's it. We're going after him. Mister Paris, set a course for Sobras, full impulse. Tuvok, arm the phaser banks and load the forward torpedo bays. We don't know what the Kazon have in store for us. What is it? On screen. Power all weapons systems and stand ready. Mister Kim, hail the lead ship. I look forward to it. [Mess hall] It strikes me that in many ways we're in the same predicament. Separated from the lives we knew, searching for a home. Why not? Holding another culture in virtual slavery isn't the kind of thing that could go unnoticed. The only thing the Kazon agree on now is that we are their common enemy. It's hard to imagine it getting much worse. I'd rather not be in the position of making an alliance at all, but that may be a luxury we simply don't have. My gut tells me we don't have any friends among the Kazon. As for the Trabe, I believe that people have a capacity to change. It's always been Starfleet's policy to deal with new species on a basis of openness and trust until proven otherwise. [Sickbay] Thank you, Doctor. How much longer do you need? Will you walk with me? I've been thinking about our conversation at dinner, about the things we share, and it seems to me we could be of mutual benefit to each other. What would you say to the possibility of our joining forces. My starship and your convoy. We could travel together for as long as it's advantageous to both of us. Maybe we'll find our way out of Kazon territory and you could settle on a new home world. Tell me. In order to achieve what? So someone wants to sabotage this conference. No. If I can help bring stability to this quadrant, I'm not going to walk away because of a rumour. Agreed. Commander, monitor all the Kazon vessels carefully, and look out for any suspicious ship movement near the surface. Keep us on a constant transporter lock so we can beam out at the first hint of trouble. Tuvok, Neelix, you're with me. [Conference room] This is Mabus, a governor of the Trabe. Shall we? We appreciate your coming. We hope this will lead to a new climate of peace. I understand. After decades of antagonism you're bound to be suspicious. But surely everyone here is tired of constant violence. I found the goals of the Trabe to be compatible with our own. I represent an organisation which is devoted to peaceful co-existence among people. The Trabe want nothing more than that. I won't pretend that our alliance wasn't an attempt to make a show of strength. Separately, we and the Trabe are vulnerable. Together, we are stronger. It is important that you understand our determination, but it's not a threat, it's an offer. A negotiated peace among all of us would provide a greater stability in this quadrant. How could that do anything but benefit us all? Get down! It's a trap! Take cover! (A small Trabe ship appears in the window.) Voyager, red alert! You planned this whole thing and used our good will to make sure you were successful. Or perhaps it's all you understand. I'm not grateful, and I want you off my ship. Chief, beam our former guest back to his vessel. I don't think so. Not by making deals with executioners. Energise. (Mabus is beamed out.) Janeway to Paris. Get us out of here. There's no question we're more vulnerable now than ever. We have to take every measure to make sure we're prepared for an attack. I want continual diagnostics on all ship's systems. Mister Neelix, what about our food supplies? Good. Lieutenant, what's the condition of our propulsion systems? There's just one more thing I want to say. I hope there's a lesson for all of us in this. Although some of the species we've encountered here have been peaceful, others seem governed only by their own self-interests. This appears to be a region of space that doesn't have many rules. But I believe we can learn something from the events that have unfolded. In a part of space where there are few rules, it's more important than ever that we hold fast to our own. In a region where shifting allegiances are commonplace we have to have something stable to rely on. And we do. The principles and ideals of the Federation. As far as I'm concerned, those are the best allies we could have. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Red alert. Alter course to intercept. Adjust shields to rotating frequencies. Have they detected us? As soon as we're within sensor range, start scanning for the away team. On screen. Lucky for us they didn't, or we'd never have caught up with Return fire. Aim for their weapons array. Maybe they're in worse shape than we thought. Try to get a transporter lock. Target their shield generator and fire. Open a channel. Borg vessel, this is the starship Voyager. You're holding our crewmen. We're willing to cease firing if you return them. Not today, and not by you. Agree, or I'll resume firing. What technology? Mute audio. What would they want with it? And call for reinforcements? That's the last thing we need. Our scans were inconclusive. We want to see them for ourselves. Seven. [Cube - corridor] (There are lots of dead Borg around. Seven scans one.)BORG  No sign of Harry yet, but there are parts of the cube that we still can't scan. Unlikely. Seven said they didn't seem to be aware of his presence. Try to activate his comm. badge. Match the carrier wave to a Borg interlink frequency. They shouldn't detect it.  What have we learned from our friend here? A pathogen. Seven, tell me something. You saw them, talked to them. Do you think they'll kill the hostages if we don't give them what they want? I want that pathogen as an option, Doctor, but I won't consider using it until I've seen these drones for myself. Think you can arrange that? Then you're with me. [Delta Flyer - cockpit] I wanted to make a new proposal. Maybe it's hard for you to accept, but you don't have to rejoin the Hive. Our Doctor can remove your implants. You can come with us. You were individuals yourselves not long ago. Children with families. You were abducted and assimilated. I recognise your species. You're Brenari, and you're Norcadian. Do you remember your world? And what did it look like when those suns set each night? Can you remember that? We need more time. That deflector array is essential to our (The Leader grabs Janeway and pushes her against a wall. A forcefield blocks Seven from assisting.) Or what? You'll assimilate me? That won't solve your problem. I can't give you Voyager's deflector, but maybe we can repair your technology. Seven knows a good deal about Borg systems.  I bought us another two hours. The pathogen? I'm afraid not, but Seven assured me our people haven't been harmed. They're not exactly drones. Mature Borg are predictable. They'll ignore you or assimilate you. But these juveniles, they're unstable. Seven? We're receiving you, Ensign. Where are you? [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] How close is he to their shield generator? Harry, are there any plasma charges aboard the Flyer? In that case, how do you feel about going for a little walk? [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] Tuvok will guide you to the shield generator. If you destroy it, you won't have to make the trip back. How long before they arrive? They see them as damaged, unworthy of re-assimilation. Are the drones aware of this? Once they learn they've been rejected by the Hive, they won't need our deflector. They might be willing to release the hostages. There is another option. We could invite them to Voyager. When they realise they have no place else to go You turned out pretty well, Seven. What do you mean? I appreciate your insights. But just because they didn't have the benefit of your Borg upbringing doesn't mean we're going to turn our backs on them. There has to be another way. Continue the repairs aboard the Borg Cube. We'll hold onto this information for now. They do have one thing going for them. You. If there's anyone who can reach them, it's you. [Astrometrics lab] KIM  How long has it been since you lost contact? His bio-signs? On my way. Keep looking for him. [Sickbay]  What's the emergency? Seven must have beamed her here. Start working with Tuvok on a way to deploy the virus. If I have to. Let's just hope your brothers and sisters don't force my hand. [Maturation area] Return Harry Kim, then we'll talk. It'll take us at least an hour to dismantle the deflector and transfer the components. I can't give it to you now. It's complex technology that's part of our ship. We can't simply remove it. And no amount of threats from you is going to change that. (Whumph!) Increase shield strength and randomise the harmonics. Reroute all emergency power to structural integrity. Not yet. There's always an alternative. We just need to find it. Their tractor beam draws power from the same grid as their shield matrix. If we use the deflector to send a feedback pulse along the beam, it could disrupt their shields. Do it. It'll work. Prepare to fire. [Maturation area] What about Seven and Harry? Amplify the feedback pulse. [Maturation area]  We've sent out calls to any Brenari and Norcadian ships that might be in the vicinity, but we haven't gotten any responses so far, and we're still trying to figure out where the other two came from. It may take a while. It might help if they had someone around who knew what they're up against. From what I've seen, you're the one they've established a bond with. They'll be looking to you for guidance.
Go ahead.  Route it here. [Astrometrics lab] On my way. [Briefing room]  They say good things come in small packages. This is all the data they could send us, until next month. So once a month we'll be able to receive a short burst of information. And we'll have about seventeen hours to respond. We don't have much time to prepare a response, and we'll have to keep it short, but I want to give everyone an opportunity to send Lieutenant Barclay, the Pathfinder Project. They didn't give up on us. So when you write those letters, you might want to thank them. [Sickbay] How? Make sure to pass along your findings. Thank you, Doctor. What are you suggesting? Even if we could send you, you're needed here. Three years ago, and we used alien technology. There's limited space in the datastream. If we send you, there won't be room for anything else. I'm sorry he's not doing well. Unusual man. I met him once at a conference. He managed to offend just about everyone there, but he was certainly brilliant. I'm sure Starfleet is consulting their best physicians, Doctor. I'm sorry. This is the first time we're attempting to send a response. We don't know if it will even get through. I'm not. Lewis Zimmerman designed the template for Starfleet's EMH. You're one of thousands based on that technology. It's not as though he's your father. You'll have to find a way to convince Tom to take those duty shifts. Tell him Captain Jane said hello. That's what he kept calling me at the conference. I think he did it just to get on my nerves. I certainly hope you get a chance to find out.  Bon voyage. I haven't decided. I've just listened to a communiqué from Admiral Hayes. Computer, advance to time index one twenty one point four. Status of the Maquis. I don't think of you or B'Elanna or the others as Maquis. I think of you as part of my crew. Do you have lunch plans? I was hoping you'd help me compose a response.
Yes, Commander. We've picked up an intriguing transmission. A ship? I'd like to believe that too, but let's not jump to conclusions. As of when? Your optimism may be premature, Mister Kim. But it's also infectious. Mister Paris, lay in a course for the beacon. Can you get any information from the beacon? Agreed. And I don't want to fly blindly into a hydrogen cloud, either. Mister Tuvok, tractor the probe into sensor range. Report. Source? Battle stations. Hail them, Mister Kim. Warp three, Mister Paris. Get us out of here. Initiate evasive pattern omega three. Mister Tuvok, return fire. See if you can close it, Commander. Try rotating the shield harmonics. How the hell can they do that? All hands, brace for impact. (The little vessel zooms straight for the place the bigger ship is shooting at. Big bang!) We are losing life support on deck four. Mister Tuvok. Go ahead.  Can you lock onto the module and beam it back?  Mister Chakotay, lock a tractor beam onto their ship. They're not leaving with that module. Make it fast, Commander. Suddenly they want to talk. On screen. I remember you, Culluh. That transporter module you just stole was specifically designed for our ship. You'll never be able to integrate it into your systems. Seska. Warp drive isn't going to do us much good with this knife stuck in our belly. Get it out fast. We don't want the Kazon to put too much distance between us. Let me make something very clear. The Nistrim are in possession of Federation technology. That is an unacceptable situation. That small component has the potential to cause vast problems in this quadrant. You're our resident expert on the Kazon. What do you think the other sects will do when they realise the Nistrim have transporter capabilities? Exactly. And it is our duty to do everything we can, no matter how dangerous, to stop that from happening. Commander. You think she wants more than the transporter. Are you suggesting we don't follow her? I'm open to suggestions. All stop. Let's take a look. On screen. What is it? Magnify. (Two Kazon bodies.) [Sickbay] It looks like Seska's already adapted the transporter module into the Kazon's systems and started experimenting with it. Relora?  Where's Chakotay? Janeway to Chakotay. Computer, locate Commander Chakotay.  What I want to know, Mister Tuvok, is how he was able to get a shuttlecraft off this ship without either of us knowing about it. I guess Seska's not the only one who knows how to compromise our security systems. See that it doesn't. Did Chakotay leave any clue about what he's up to? [Engineering] I guess he was in too big a hurry to leave a note. Then I guess it's pretty clear he's going after Seska. You were working with him, Lieutenant. Did he say anything to you? How big a head start does he have? Janeway to conn. Lay in a pursuit course for Commander Chakotay's shuttlecraft. Maximum impulse. And Mister Tuvok, I want a complete review of all security protocols on this ship by twenty two hundred hours.  Come in. That's not exactly my favourite subject right now, Lieutenant. Explain what? Why my First Officer publicly defied my authority by commandeering a shuttle without permission? But? What Seska did, she did to all of us. Frankly, I find it more than a little self-indulgent of Chakotay to assume this is all about him. I'm sure it was very painful for him. But what you're saying is, he's got a personal score to settle. Maybe. But that doesn't give him the privilege of ignoring this ship's chain of command. And, assuming we get him back in one piece, you want to make sure I take his personal feelings into account before I decide how to discipline him. Chakotay is lucky to have such a good friend. I'll tell you what. Why don't we deal with getting him back in one piece first? We can worry about the discipline later. All stop. On screen. My gut tells me we should go after Chakotay. But my better judgment tells me we should honour his request. Janeway to conn. Resume a course for Chakotay's shuttle. I didn't think Culluh had that many ships. What do you make of it, Neelix? Is it possible the Nistrim have formed an alliance with other sects? Then we'll just have to find a way of getting Chakotay out of there without picking a fight. How? How can you be so sure? Bridge to Torres. Have you located Chakotay? [Transporter room] I'm not conceding that yet. Can you give me anything, B'Elanna? [Transporter room]  Maybe Seska's found a way to hide Chakotay from us. [Transporter room] Can you get him out of there?  Red alert. Mister Paris, take us out of warp. [Kazon briefing room] (The Kazon ship also goes to red alert.)  Mister Paris, evasive pattern Delta four. Mister Tuvok, return fire. Bridge to Torres. Can you transport Chakotay? [Transporter room] Make it fast.  Do you have him, B'Elanna? [Transporter room] Can you compensate?  We'll try to hold them off, but we don't have long. Mister Tuvok, phasers to maximum. Let's give them a little distraction. [Kazon briefing room] Mister Paris, evasive pattern omega two. Bridge to Torres. You're going to have to hurry it up down there. [Transporter room] JANEWAY Bridge to Torres. Can you transport Chakotay out or not? [Transporter room] Lieutenant, just how localised is that dampening field?  I think I've got an idea. [Kazon briefing room]  Just tell me one thing. What were you thinking? That may be a very noble sentiment, but it wasn't your decision to make. Oh, Chakotay. We've spent the last ten months together on this ship. I thought we had an understanding. Why did you choose to ignore procedure? So you had a personal score to settle. Really? Tell me this. How do you expect me to keep order when the First Officer takes it upon himself to run off like some cowboy because he decides it's a good idea? What you did was commendable. The way you did it was not. You set a terrible example. And on a personal level, you've made my job more difficult. I'm putting you on report, in case that means anything anymore. Go ahead, Mister Tuvok. On our way. [Bridge] Another one? Would you like Mister Kim to put it through to your office? Very well. Put it on screen.
Can you identify them? Evasive manoeuvres. Hail them. Do it. Fire phasers. [Klingon Bridge] This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. Stand down. I think there's been a misunderstanding. The Empire signed a peace treaty with the Federation more than eighty years ago. If I'm not mistaken, it's still in effect. [Klingon Bridge] I'm not lying. But even if I were your ship is no match for mine. I suggest we discuss this.  The treaty, for one thing. I'll give you access to our database show you I'm telling the truth. I have a Klingon serving aboard this ship. She's my Chief Engineer. We'd be honoured to have you as our guest. [Corridor]  You're safe here. You have my word. I'd like to know what you're doing in the Delta Quadrant.  Captain Kohlar. Lieutenant Torres, our Chief Engineer. Not without your assurance that you won't fire on my ship again. Escort Captain Kohlar back to the transporter room. Red alert. Hail them. We can send over a team to help you establish a containment field. Erect forcefields around the shuttlebay. Transport them there. Tell your crew to stand by for evacuation. Go to warp as soon as their crew is aboard. You activated a self-destruct sequence. Why was that so important? I don't understand. You've been travelling for four generations? How? What does any of this have to do with Voyager? They take their beliefs very seriously. Apparently, their sacred text told them to cast off the old ways as soon as they found this Kuvah'Magh. I agree. Assign extra security to every deck and make sure the Klingons know and abide by the rules. Keep them out of all restricted areas. I know this isn't going to be easy, but until we can find another place for them, we should do our best to make them feel comfortable. Dismissed. [Mess hall] I'll pass, thank you. But I'm glad to see you're getting into the spirit of things. Looks like everything's running smoothly. Maybe we can adjust the environmental controls to filter out the musk. (A Klingon woman is starting an argument.) I'm sorry to bother you, but I need your help. Ten of the Klingons have started a hunger strike. They say they won't eat until you agree to meet with their Council of Elders. Their faith is obviously very important to them. Just talk to them. Hear what they have to say. Why? I agree with Lieutenant Torres. I'm not comfortable deceiving your people. Is that a threat? I intend to. Mister Tuvok. (Tuvok escorts Kohlar and Lieutenant Paris is perfectly willing to fight you, Mister T'Greth. I'm the one preventing him from doing so. If you agree to these terms I'll allow the match. Shouldn't our bio-filters have detected it when we transported the Klingons aboard? Why didn't you tell us your people had a disease? Is it contagious? Of course. (Janeway and Kohlar leave. The EMH does the scan.) Bridge to Chakotay. (Tuvok and guards leave) [Transporter room] (Teh Starfleet bodies are arranged on the pads and beamed away.) Cut power to the transporters. Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, respond. Sorry. No mercy killings on my bridge. Get our people back. Doctor.
Right. Do you know what caused it? What about the surrounding space? Any indication of cloaked vessels? You saved Tuvok's life, Neelix. You have nothing to be sorry about. How do you plan to treat him? Neelix, these Kesat you were negotiating with. Any reason to believe they might know something about this? Time to reopen diplomatic channels. [Briefing room] You've done your homework. I've never heard of them. Well, that explains their cloaking technology. How many encounters are we talking about, exactly? No offence, Mister Naroq, but what makes you so sure the Ba'Neth aren't just a myth? Maybe that's why Tuvok's tricorder was destroyed. They didn't want us to see the cloaking frequency he'd found. Apparently. With all due respect, we're more interested in saving Tuvok's life. Keep working. I'll let you know if we find anything that might help. I'll take you to see where the attack occurred. (Janeway and Naroq leave.)  Commander Chakotay says you've found something. What is it? Less poetry, Mister Naroq, more facts. You've detected these isotopes before? But these isotopes are still active. Well, let's see what we've got. (The converter flashes, and a shape starts to form.) So the Ba'Neth aren't a myth after all. I'm on my way. Seven, if we can integrate Mister Naroq's photolytic technology into the deflector array, we might be able to decloak a Ba'Neth ship. One step at a time. [Doctor's office] Is there any chance he'll make a full recovery? But still no speech. I hope you're right, Neelix, but if he could talk he might be able to tell us something about that cloaking frequency. (Tuvok is enjoying smelling the flowers Neelix brought in.)  Stand by. Reduce speed to one quarter impulse. Harry, full power to the deflector array. All right, Seven, do it. [Astrometrics lab] Hail them. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. We intend you no harm. Shields.  (Whumph!) Follow the lead vessel. [Tuvok's quarters] Seven, can you get [Astrometrics lab] Their cloaking frequency? We'll tread lightly, I promise. It's nice to see you. That's right. This is Mister Naroq. Please sit down. Two days ago, you were aboard a shuttle with Mister Neelix. You detected a cloaked intruder. Yes, and in order to help you, we have to find the people who hurt you. Try to remember. That's right. What did you see? All right, that's enough. We're done for now. Join Seven of Nine in Astrometrics. See if she's made any progress with the Ba'Neth.  (Naroq nods and leaves.) I thought we might have lunch later, just the two of us. It's all right. You two go ahead. I have a lot of work to do anyway. [Mess hall] What's all this? I'd love some. Thank you. Oh, that is delicious. What are you making now? Oh, parra-cream's my favourite. Tuvok, have you remembered anything more about what happened on the Flyer? Yes, that's right. Can you describe it? Did it have a symmetric modulation? Was the amplitude constant? It's all right. I don't mean to push you, Tuvok but maybe if we could A cloaking frequency. Captain's log, supplemental. The computer has analysed Tuvok's diagram and identified the Ba'Neth cloaking frequency. We've narrowed the search to a handful of systems. [Bridge] Alter course, Mister Paris. Bridge to Astrometrics. Status. Raise shields. All right, Seven. Light them up. (A spacestation appears.) Hail them. Open a channel, all subspace bands. Cease fire immediately, or I'll transmit the coordinates of this outpost to the Kesat homeworld. Several days ago, a member of your species attacked one of my crewmen. He was badly injured. In order to treat him, I need to know more about the weapon that was used. But you take it from others. The attacker was downloading our tactical database when the incident occurred. In exchange for information about your weapon, we'll provide you with tactical data on several species we've recently encountered. You can assess their potential threats all you want. I doubt you'll get as enticing an offer from the Kesat homeworld. It would be a shame if you forced me to hail them.
Then you're saying it isn't a comet. Well, there's a slight chance that there are magnetodynamic forces acting on the comet that are too subtle for our sensors to detect. Or it might be something we've never encountered before. B'Elanna, go down to Transporter room two. Let's beam aboard a sample for examination. Harry, see if you can lock on to a core fragment. Commence transport. Problem, Lieutenant?  Red alert. I'll be right down. [Transporter room] (Quinn zaps himself over to Torres and speaks into her comm. badge.) My name is Kathryn Janeway, Captain of the Federation Appreciation for what? You were being held against your will, inside the comet? Who was holding you prisoner? Look, I don't know what you want here, but I know who you are. Every captain in Starfleet has been briefed about your appearances on the Enterprise, and I warn you I'm aware of it, Lieutenant. Report to the Bridge. Janeway out. Bring them back. Now. Gone? Where? Return my crew! I'm afraid we're responsible for that. May I assume you're the Q I've heard so much about? What did you do to him? Report. On screen. Commander? Q, either Q, get us out of here. Mister Tuvok, see if you can release a positive ion charge to repel them. Oh, now what? Let's see it. Computer, I need a wider angle. (They are an ornament on a Christmas tree.) The hell you will. The vaunted Q Continuum. Self-anointed guardians of the universe. How dare you come aboard this ship and endanger this crew with your personal tug of war. Stop! You want asylum? Fine. We'll have a hearing. When the captain of a Starfleet vessel receives an official request for asylum, there is a clear procedure to follow. I suggest to end your deadlock, and to save my ship, that we follow it to the letter.  Let me begin by stating clearly that I expect all parties to act appropriately and with respect for these proceedings. I will not have this hearing turned into a circus, is that clear? Is that clear, Q? Thank you. And please don't call me Madam Captain. Since you've made it clear that your asylum would lead to suicide, you place me in a difficult position. May I ask you why you want to commit suicide? Proceed. Can you be more specific? I tend to agree with Mister Tuvok. Any other questions, Lieutenant? I'll allow the question. You're excused. (The second Q vanishes.) To what end? You want to bring people here from Earth? This is most unusual. Do you have any objection, Mister Tuvok? Very well. Proceed. (Q snaps his fingers and three men appear - a hippy, a man in a full-bottomed wig and a bearded Starfleet Commander.) My apologies, Commander. To you all. My name is Kathryn Janeway. That's correct, Commander. You're aboard Voyager. We're lost in the Delta Quadrant, and as much as I wish you could tell them that when you get home, your memories will be wiped before you get back. Allow me to try to explain, Mister? Consider for a moment that it might be possible to travel forward in time, say to the twenty fourth century, onto a starship seventy five thousand light years from Earth. (Blank looks.) You're having a very strange dream, and in this dream, you're seeing this man whom you've all met before. No, I'll allow this. (Quinn does the transporting.) [Inside the comet] (It is very cramped.) I've seen enough. Please return us to the hearing room. [Hearing room] I don't like those conditions any more than you do, Mister Tuvok, and I wouldn't want to spend another day there if I were you, Q, but I'm here to rule on a request for asylum, not to judge the penal system of the Q Continuum. And he does have a point. You were confined only to prevent you from doing harm to yourself. I've been doing a great deal of research, studying a variety of cultural attitudes on suicide, to help me frame the basis of a decision. Mister Tuvok, are you familiar with the double effect principle on assisted suicide that dates back to the Bolian Middle Ages? It states, an action that has the principal effect of relieving suffering may be ethically justified even though the same action has the secondary effect of possibly causing death. This principle is the only thing I can find that could possibly convince me to decide in your favour, Q. And yet, as I look at you, you don't seem by our standards, aged, infirm, or in any pain. Can you show this hearing that you suffer in any manner other than that caused by the conditions of your incarceration? Any suffering that would justify a decision to grant you asylum. Granted. [Mess hall] Come to the next session of the hearing and announce that the Continuum is ready to reintegrate Q into your society. That you won't condemn him to that cell for eternity. I would consider it a very meaningful gesture by the Continuum. Based on my research, you have been many things. A rude, interfering, inconsiderate, sadistic Pest. And, oh yes, you introduced us to the Borg, thank you very much. But one thing you have never been is a liar. Is this possible? I would agree with that. I'll be the judge of that. Whenever you're ready. (They both raise their hands.)  This is the Q Continuum? A road in a desert? Good afternoon. This was your existence before your confinement? Why? I can't say I entirely understand what I'm seeing here, but these people don't seem to be suffering. Very well. I'll make my ruling in the morning. We'll be in recess until then. [Janeway's quarters] (Janeway rolls over in bed to come nose to nose with Q wearing a night cap.) Get out. You mean your bribe. It'll play no part in my deliberations. That's what I wanted. What? You? Leave.  I've tried to find some way to reconcile all the conflicting emotions I've felt during this hearing. My own aversion to suicide, my compassion for your situation, Q. It hasn't been easy. I've tried to tell myself that this is not about suicide, but about granting asylum. That I am not personally being asked to perform euthanasia. And as technically true as that may be, I cannot escape the moral implications of my choices. I've also had to consider that a decision to grant asylum, and the subsequent suicide of a Q, might have a significant impact on the Continuum. That such a decision could change the nature of an entire society, whether it be a favourable or unfavourable change, disturbs me greatly. But then there are the rights of the individual in this matter. I don't believe that you are mentally unbalanced. And I do believe that you are suffering intolerably. Under these conditions, I find it impossible to support immortality forced on an individual by the state. The unforeseen disruption that may occur in the Continuum is not enough, in my opinion, to justify any additional suffering by this individual. So, I hereby grant you asylum. You've been in my chambers enough for one visit, sir. I'm not finished, Q. Now that you're mortal, you have a new existence to explore. An entirely new state of being filled with the mysteries of mortal life, pleasures you've never felt before. I like this life, Q. You might too. Think hard before you give it up. This hearing is adjourned. Captain's log, stardate 49301.2. We have assigned quarters to our new passenger, who has entered his name on our crew manifest as Quinn. I am anxious to engage him in ship activities as soon as possible. [Ready room] We could shut down Stellar Cartography with all the knowledge he'd bring to the job. There's got to be something on board that will Go ahead.  There's nothing you can do? So how did he get his hands on Nogatch hemlock? I imagine the Continuum won't be very happy with you, Q.
Origin? Let them know help's on the way. Set a course, Mister Paris. (Later, they arrive at the coordinates.)TUVOK: Thirty seven escape pods. Possibly. Lifesigns? Beam them to Sickbay. Initiate bio-hazard containment procedures. Source? I guess they're looking for new places to dump their toxic waste. I'm just as curious as you are. Can you revive either of them? I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway. You're on my vessel. We responded to your distress call. It's heavily damaged. Calm down, calm down. Tell me what's wrong with your ship. Why did you abandon it? The two of you were the only ones we found alive. Janeway to the bridge. Put at least five light years between us and the Malon freighter. [Bridge] JANEWAY Send out a sector wide alert. [Sickbay]  Warn any other ships in the vicinity to [Bridge] JANEWAY  Tuvok. Without warp drive there's no chance we'll clear the blast radius. Mister Paris, set a course for the freighter. Full impulse. If we can't outrun your ship, maybe we can disable it. We'll find a way. You can either stay and help us or I'll send you back to your escape pod. Your choice. Clean them up, Doctor. I need them on the bridge. [Bridge] Can we get an away team on board? That's enough, Lieutenant. I'm listening. There are at least three other ships in the sector. What about them? Lieutenant. Assemble an away team. We're going over there. What's he talking about?  Progress? I've been working on a contingency plan. (She calls up a short range scan on Tuvok's wall monitor.) If the freighter exploded within the star's corona it might absorb the radiation. What if we gave it a little nudge? I'm still counting on the away team to succeed, but I want to be ready with plan B if they don't. [Malon Freighter corridor] I'll want a full report. I just spoke with B'Elanna. She's got everything under control. We have plenty to do here. Help me remodulate the tractor beam. Your concerns are noted, but if I send you over there I'd be sending the wrong message. That I don't have faith in her. But I do. This isn't about logic, it's about trust. She'll come through for us. Now, give me a hand. [Malon Freighter deck two] Janeway to away team. [Bridge]  We've detected an alien lifeform aboard the freighter. We believe it killed Pelk. We're diverting the freighter into a nearby star. Leave the control room so we can get a lock on you.  Do you have them? Away team, we've adjusted the vessel's course. It's heading for an O type star. [Malon Freighter control room] JANEWAY Compensate. Harry? Janeway to away team. Get those manoeuvring thrusters [Malon Freighter control room] JANEWAY B'Elanna, get out of there. [Malon Freighter control room] We've contacted a Malon transport ship in the next sector. We've altered course to rendezvous with them.
Mister Neelix, please report to the bridge. Neelix, we seem to be approaching some kind of interstellar dust clouds. Can you tell us anything about them? They look rather ominous to me. What can you tell us about this Expanse, Mister Neelix? Those plasma storms might be a problem for navigation. Full sensor scan, Tuvok. Then we'll have to go through it. Looks like we'll be counting on your knowledge of the Delta quadrant even more than usual, Neelix. Will there be any planets where we can take on supplies? What are the coordinates? You heard him, Tom. On screen. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. Your station is a trading outpost, isn't it? I'd like permission to come aboard to negotiate for supplies. (Now he looks up.) Evidently I have no choice Neelix, Chakotay, Tom. You're with me. [Bahrat's office] Mister Bahrat? I'm Kathryn Janeway. I've brought a list of the supplies we'll need. I understand. To regenerate the filters on our environmental control system. I'm prepared to deal fairly. There's been a murder aboard the station. I've been told that's not an uncommon occurrence here. The man who dies has been suspected of criminal activity. Mister Bahrat, however, discovered something at the scene of the killing that greatly concerns me. He showed me the analysis just a few minutes ago. It's a Federation phaser signature. Tuvok will be assisting Mister Bahrat in his investigation. I want to know how a weapon from Voyager could have been involved in this incident. I've promised Mister Bahrat the full cooperation of every member of this crew during his investigation. Dismissed. [Tuvok's office] You can't seriously regard this as viable evidence. It proves absolutely nothing. I want my security officer present during all interrogations. You make no mistake about this. I won't allow members of my crew to be condemned for a crime they did not commit. [Station promenade] (Janeway and Tuvok march past.) Would all of you excuse us, please? I'd like to talk to Neelix alone. (Tuvok and Kes leave. The EMH goes to his office after receiving a Look.) Well, do you have anything to say for yourself? Oh. You're sorry. Is that supposed to make everything better? I don't really care whether you're sorry or not, Neelix. At this point it doesn't matter. I can't imagine what made you behave the way you did, lying to us, sneaking around behind our backs, covering up criminal activity. Did you have some misguided reason to think this was acceptable behaviour? You've been one of my most trusted advisors since we began this journey. How can I ever trust you again? How can I ever listen to you without wondering whether you're telling the truth or not? What was it? What was so important that you were willing to throw away your principles? A map? You've been on this ship for two years. I'd think by now you'd have learned that the first duty of any Starfleet officer is the truth. You violated that duty, Neelix, and there will be consequences. Oh no, it's not that easy. You can't just walk away from your responsibilities just because you made a mistake. You're part of a family now. and you have obligations. Well, that's not the point, is it? None of us knows what's coming. That's what Starfleet is all about. We are all in this together, Neelix, and we have to be able to count on each other no matter how hard it gets. Do you understand? Well, that's good. Report to deuterium maintenance at oh four hundred tomorrow morning. You're going to spend the next two weeks scrubbing the exhaust manifolds. That should give you time to think about what I've said. Dismissed. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
This is it, Tom. Your bachelor days are over. Second thoughts? We're gathered here today, not as Starfleet officers, but as friends and family, to celebrate the marriage of two of Voyager's finest. B'Elanna has asked me to forego the rigours of Klingon painsticks in favour of a more traditional ceremony. As Captain, the honour of joining these two people has fallen to me. But before I declare them husband and wife, Tom and B'Elanna have prepared their own vows. Ensign? The ring. Commander.  (Chakotay hands over the second ring to Torres.) Not so fast. Lieutenant Thomas Eugene Paris, Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres. With the power vested in my by Starfleet Command and the United Federation of Planets, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Now, Tom. (the kiss.) Bravo. (Torres tosses her bouquet over her shoulder, and Seven cannot avoid catching it.) And be in sector zero zero one within two years? You had Seven double-check the calculations? Naturally. Of course, if we operate at peak efficiency, we'll be missing some interesting phenomena along the way. An anomalous gradient to the curvature of space, unusual bioharmonic readings from a binary system we'll reach about six months from now. It would only add another two or three months. Do you think the crew would mutiny? Everyone, except Seven. Have you tried taking the core offline? Try to isolate the cause of this, and stabilise the sections that have already been affected. Dismissed. [Paris' quarters]  Acute cellular degradation? Proximity to the warp field? We've shut down the warp drive. The ship is still deteriorating and so are we. Why? [Mess hall] That's what created us? I was born on Earth in Indiana. I remember growing up there. I remember graduating from the Academy. I have no memory of being a copy. And now the warp core is breaking down our cellular structure. We didn't think the radiation would hurt us because it isn't harmful to humanoids. What can we do to stop the process? To the Demon class planet? Even if we survived the trip, we'd be travelling thousands of light years in the wrong direction. Duplicate or not, I'm still the same person I was yesterday and so are all of you, and that means we're going to do everything possible to complete our mission, which is to reach Earth. Is that clear? I want you to adjust the environmental controls to simulate a class Y planet. That should slow the rate of degradation. I realise that. That's why we're going to try and find a safe harbour till we can figure out a way to stop the degradation. Scan for the nearest class Y planet and set a course. In the meantime, I'll explain our situation to the crew. [Mess hall] I don't pretend to understand it myself, Harry, but the way I choose to look at it is this. If everything about us was duplicated, that includes our memory engrams, the emotional centres of our brain. So if you feel something, remember something, believe something, I'm not about to tell you it's not real. I suppose there is, but I don't want that thought to distract any of you from our mission. The same as it's always been, Tom. To reach the Alpha Quadrant safe and sound. But to do that we're going to have to beat this problem, and for now that means conserving energy, running the ship in grey mode, cutting crew shifts in half. The less you exert yourselves, the slower the cellular decay. Duplicates or not, you're still my crew. Dismissed. (Janeway and some crew leave.) I've spent the past five years trying to get this crew home. I'm not about to quit now. How do you know where we belong? For all we know, the real Voyager's been destroyed and we're all that's left. For all we know, we're supposed to be living their lives. There's only one thing I know how to be, Chakotay, and that's Kathryn Janeway. Maybe this dinner wasn't such a good idea after all. [Mess hall] I'm listening. But Doctor, we have no way of knowing where they are. They could be behind us, ahead of us, back on Earth, destroyed. Besides, even if we could find the real Janeway, how do we know she'd help? You'd better get back to Sickbay. On my way. [Bridge] Just what the Doctor ordered. Safe harbour? Harry, vent all plasma from the nacelles, transfer available power to atmospheric thrusters and stand by to commence landing sequence. Red alert. Take us down, Mister Paris. On screen. (It looks like a freighter.) Open a channel. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We are not your enemy. We're not interested in your mining operation. Our ship is badly damaged. We need to set down on the surface to make repairs. Target their weapons systems. Fire. Evacuate those decks. No, we're not going to destroy them over a misunderstanding. We're Starfleet officers, we can't forget that. Break orbit. We'll have to find another option. Begin scanning for other class Y planets. Harry, transmit a distress call on all subspace bands. If the real Voyager is out there, I want to find them. Resume course for the Alpha Quadrant, Mister Paris. [Ready room]  I know what you're going to say and I don't want to hear it. I'm willing to take a little insolence from Tom, but I shouldn't have to remind you that I'm still the Captain. Are you saying you're not taking orders from me anymore? You think I should have given the order to fire on that vessel. As long as it takes. Our ship may be deteriorating, but our humanity is intact. It's gotten us this far. What, what existence? Pools of biomimetic fluid? We didn't even experience sentience until Voyager came along. I promised the crew I'd get them home. Janeway to Sickbay, medical emergency. [Sickbay]  We've lost Commander Chakotay. Duplicate or not, he was real to me and he was a fine Starfleet officer. And he was a friend who wasn't afraid to let me know when I am wrong. Mister Kim, bring the enhanced warp drive online. Turn Voyager around. We're going home. Set a course for the Demon planet. Captain's log, supplemental. We've lost sixty three crewmen, and our systems are continuing to fail. Though we're still five weeks away from the Demon Planet, we haven't given up hope. [Briefing room] What's Tom's condition? Well, looks like we're in the market for a new medical officer. Feel up to it, Neelix? It'll have to do. Make Sickbay your priority. At this point morale is a luxury. How's the core holding up? Well, it won't be the first time this crew has been up against It's all right, I'm just a little tired. I'm still the Captain. Your concerns have been noted, sir. Now, there is another matter. I want to download the ship's database and our personal logs into a signal beacon. In the event we don't survive, there should be some record of our accomplishments. This crew's existence may have been brief, but it's been distinguished. None of you deserves to be forgotten. Purge it. We've come too far to be stopped by dust. Reroute auxiliary power to the deflector.  Range? Try hailing again. Drop to impulse. Are the rescue teams ready? Bridge to Sickbay, stand by for casualties. On screen. (The viewscreen is filled with a cloud of silver globules.)JANEWAY: Where's the ship? Scan for lifesigns, escape pods. Make a note in the ship's record. We received a distress call at oh nine hundred hours. Arrived at the vessel's last known coordinates at twenty one twenty. The ship was destroyed. Cause unknown. No survivors. Mister Paris, resume course.
I just heard. Congratulations. (Janeway hugs Torres.) Seven said you were dizzy. Are you all right? Would you like some time off? Adjust. This is a big change. Well, if you need to cut back on your duties, I'm sure Seven would be happy to fill in for you.  I'm not exactly sure what you want me to do. What you're asking for is ethically questionable. The Doctor has reservations. Your husband is against it. I beg your pardon? I don't see the connection. I was acting in her best interests. Stop it, both of you. The biggest problem you two have isn't ethical, it's marital. I'm happy to offer you advice as a friend. But as your captain, I'm not going to overrule the Chief Medical Officer. You two need to work this out. [Corridor]
Let's see what you have, Mister Kim. Verteron emanations. Tunnelling secondary particles. It certainly looks like a wormhole. Very true. But you can also say there's a one in four chance it will. Those aren't bad odds. Any analysis yet, Ensign? Well, Mister Kim, if there's even the possibility of finding a wormhole, I think we can afford a detour. Lieutenant, input the coordinates and change course. On screen. Are we in visual range? Magnify. Increase to highest magnification. Mister Kim, are you able to analyse it? We still have to find out if it goes anywhere near the Alpha Quadrant. Can you trace it's subspace bearing? Agreed. Do it, Lieutenant. I think what we're seeing is a wormhole in an advanced state of decay. Must be ancient. Probably been collapsing for centuries. That shouldn't take long. Stuck? Let's give it some time. Maybe it will work itself loose. What is it, Ensign. What's the condition of the probe now? If we're reading scans from the other side, it's possible the probe is acting as a relay. If that's true, we should be able to use it to transmit a message to whoever is executing the scan. Let's try it, Mister Kim. You may be right, but I'd rather assume that he's going to be successful. [Engineering] Janeway here. Acknowledged. [Bridge] Proceed. The only way is if that somebody answers. [Engineering] Are you reading anything, Mister Tuvok? You're right. Janeway to Kim. Continue transmitting. Until I tell you otherwise. [Bridge] You have the bridge, Commander. Mister Tuvok. Come in. Kes, this is a surprise. Not at all. I was just going to have a cup of soup. Would you like anything? I'm sure. Computer, one spinach juice with a touch of pear and one cup of vegetable bouillon. What can I do for you? (They take their drinks to the settee.) Of course. Kes, do you and Neelix feel that your needs are being ignored? The Doctor? How do people treat him? Well as a matter of fact, I've been hearing the other side of the coin. Many of the crew have complained that the Doctor is brusque, even rude, that he lacks any bedside manner. We've been talking about reprogramming him. Kes, he's only a hologram. No he's not. Because he's been programmed to do that. Very well, I'll look into it. Progress report, Ensign. Let's see what happens. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. Do you read? (Static garble.) This is Kathryn Janeway of the Federation ship Voyager. Is anyone receiving this communication? This is Janeway. Please repeat your last transmission. Cargo vessel, we're still trying to clear up your last transmission. Please repeat one more time. We're in the Delta Quadrant, but since this quadrant hasn't been charted I can't specify our exact location. Correct. Yes. We were on a mission and we got pulled into this quadrant. It's a complicated story. Please, if you would just try deconstructing the phase shift of our hailing frequency you could verify. I assure you I am telling you the truth. We are in the Delta quadrant, seventy thousand light years from you. No, no, wait! Kim! Hail them again. That Romulan still has the ability to get a message to Starfleet. Mister Kim, hail the Talvath repeatedly. Call me the minute you re-establish contact. Commander, you have the bridge. Computer, initiate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. There is no emergency, Doctor. [Sickbay] I'm sure she didn't realise you were busy. Actually, I thought we might just talk for a moment. Doctor, you were originally programmed to serve in a limited fashion during an emergency. Now you're being asked to do much more. You don't have the luxury of thinking of yourself as am Emergency Medical Programme any more. You've become a full-fledged member of the crew. No. I'm asking if there's anything I can do to help you. If there's anything you need, or want, I'd like to see that you get it. What if I gave you control over your deactivation sequence? I'm sure we can make it possible for you to turn yourself off, or to prevent being turned off. I'll have someone look into it. Anything else? You do that. [Captain's quarters] (Janeway is asleep in her bed under the stars.) Janeway here. Good work. Put him through to my quarters. (She gets up and goes into the main room.) This is Kathryn Janeway. Thank you for answering our hail, Captain. What is your name? How may I address you? Very well, I understand that you must have been sceptical when I told you where we are. I hope you've been able to verify our position. To what end? How can I assure you of my truthfulness? Yes, we are. Our mission was originally in the Alpha quadrant. We were pulled against our will to our present location. Now we're trying to get home. Captain, I understand your concern. Naturally the Romulan Empire doesn't want Starfleet spying on it's science vessels, but since we're seventy thousand light years from Romulan space and a subspace message to Starfleet would take years, I think you have to admit that we can't be much of a threat to you. You have nothing to fear from us. If we were spies, we wouldn't be asking what I'm going to ask you now. We have no way of communicating with Starfleet, with our friends and families. We're hoping you might be able to relay a message for us. Our crew is not large. Each of them could write a short personal message. You'd be welcome to read them all before passing them on. I think you'd be convinced that they're nothing more than the heartfelt words of some very lonely people. I have no objection. When that's done, will you help us? Goodnight. [Bridge] Good work. On screen. (The static eventually resolves itself into the head and shoulders of a Romulan man.) Yes. I want to thank you, Captain, for maintaining contact with us. It means a great deal to me and to my crew. It's new, but it isn't classified. I'm a little surprised your intelligence hasn't provided you with the information. No doubt. Captain, have you been able to communicate with your government about sending on our messages? I see. And when do you think they will have an answer? We don't have the luxury of a great deal of time. My officers are predicting that the probe will become inoperable in the next forty eight hours. You said you've been in space for over a year. Have you any family? I assume they're not with you in space. A daughter. How old is she? Then you've never seen her. You must miss your family very much. Captain. Everyone of us on this ship has left behind friends, family, loved ones. We may not see them again for years, maybe never, so we can all understand how lonely you must be. Surely you must understand our feelings as well. We would be deeply grateful for any efforts you might make to persuade your government to send our messages. Thank you. Commander, let's assume he's going to be successful. Tell the crew to prepare personal messages and have them ready within the hour. Go ahead, Torres. Slow down, Torres, and tell me what you're talking about. Are you suggesting You'll have to reconfigure the matter transmission rate. And we risk losing whatever we try to beam out. See to it, Lieutenant. You have my authorisation to use any of the ships personnel you need. This has top priority. And don't worry about secrecy. I doubt you'd be able to keep this quiet for very long. (Torres leaves. Janeway picks up a photograph of a man and a dog, and gazes longingly at it.) [Sickbay] (Kes returns the PADDs.) And our Chief Engineer has managed to bind a transporter beam to the visual link between us. Exactly. Bridge to Transporter room one. All right then. Let's give it a try. Can you get it back? [Transporter Room] We should run a series of these tests just to make sure, but we have to act quickly before the probe is crushed. Eventually we will have to try transporting a person. One of our crew will beam to your ship if you'll allow it. But Captain, if we can't transport to your ship, how are we to get back? Very well. We'll be in touch. [Corridor] Let's hope it goes as well with the Romulan. Agreed. Well, let's try it. Energise. What's the problem? Welcome to the Delta quadrant, Captain. My first officer, Commander Chakotay. Lieutenant Tuvok, head of security. Chief Engineer Torres and Operations officer Kim. (Tuvok puts away his phaser and takes out a tricorder.) Mister Tuvok, you may begin evacuation procedures. What is it? I know you're disappointed, Harry, we all are. It seemed we were so close. But clearly we can't go back. It would pollute the time line to such an extent that the consequences would be unimaginable. I'm afraid we'll have to send you back alone and ask that you not reveal anything that has happened here. I'm afraid we're left with our original request. In twenty years, would you relay our personal messages to Starfleet? I promise you'll hear from us. Because we will get back. [Transporter Room] (Tuvok gives Telek a yellow isolinear chip.) And I thank you for your help. Energize. I'll tell the crew. They can have the satisfaction of knowing that their messages have reached their families. And? That was four years ago. Then let's move on. We've got a long way to go. [Sickbay] (Guess who is back on the biobed, this time having his calf examined, and talking to Kes.)
 Yes? One second. I've wasted two hours on this thing and I'm no closer to solving it. (It is a large object with at least six hexagonal sides and a couple of squares. The hexagons have a honeycomb of lights on them. Like a complicated Rubik's cube, I suppose.) He was behind the last ship wide craze, too. Yo-yos. Now it's Sheer Lunacy. Another hour and I'll go insane. No, I want to figure this out myself. (But she only gets some of the lights to work.)JANEWAY: You said something about long range scans? Let's take a look. [Bridge] On screen. What is it? Right after we ran our scans? That can't be a coincidence. Back us off, Tom. Report. Who hired you? I'm only asking because I'm curious how much they're paying? Maybe we can do better. We're far from defenceless. Why don't you save yourself some trouble. Charge phaser banks to full power. You've left me no choice. I suggest you back off if you want to save your own ship. End transmission. Seven, do we still have warp power? Maybe not. Reroute every spare gigawatt to the shields. Prepare to fire phasers. The gas cloud. If our shields hold. Go to warp one on my command. Fire. (The gas cloud ignites, and Voyager rides the wave.) Warp speed. They weren't that heavily damaged. Why aren't they following us? [Astrometrics lab] Excuse me? Point well taken. I'll make this my last cup. Oh, you don't want that job. It's these Hazari. They're like jackals, circling, feinting to draw us out while they cut off every route of escape. At least the Borg come straight at you. The Hazari wait, invite you to make mistakes. They've anticipated almost every move we can make, and the few things they seem to have missed, I'm convinced are traps. You still glad you volunteered? Goodnight. (Neelix leaves. Janeway gets up and stretches.) Who are you and what do you want? Security to the Mess hall. Intruder alert A hologram. It's an acquired taste. We? A Think Tank. Paradox? Something tells me your help comes with a price tag. And how do I know you aren't an Hazari trap? Maybe they're trying to lure us into an ambush, like before. All right. You've got my attention. But I want to meet you face to face. And the rest of your crew. Fair enough. Full stop. Starfleet's theorised about such materials, but we've never come close to producing them. Well, you and I will have the chance to evaluate it first hand. Mister Kim, you have the transport coordinates. [Think Tank] (Fennim greets them with his unintelligible noises.) Or his speech patterns are too complex to process. (They look at the sea-slug's tank.)JANEWAY: They must be studying it. One of my most gifted crewmen, Seven of Nine. What's his specialty? The Vidiians? And what did you ask for as compensation? Tell me, is there any job you won't do? Well, we have a non-interference protocol, our Prime Directive. I'm curious where you draw the line. Feel free to give him some pointers. (There is a short pause.) That's just what I'm looking for. Voyager's schematics and an overview of its database. Specify what you want and I'll see what I can do. I recommend the replicators. They're very popular this year. I have some qualms about their morality, but I believe they can help us. Then we have no choice. We'll put our own plans on hold and see what the Think Tank comes up with. [Ready room]  Come in. Send him in. Welcome back. Quantum slipstream technology. I should warn you. We never got that to work reliably. Neelix's recipe for Chadre'kab? An ancient Olmec figurine. I guess Commander Chakotay can be persuaded to part with it. You can't be serious. You never mentioned anything about bartering my crew members. I'm afraid the answer is no. To say the least. I want your opinion. This isn't a puzzle, Seven. There is no solution. What's at issue here is your future. Sit. Please. While I still question this Think Tank's way of doing things, there is a genuine opportunity for exploration. It could be the chance of a lifetime. I don't want you to go, but it's not my right to tell you what to do. Until now, I've kept a close eye on your progress, helped you with decisions but, I think you've learned enough as an individual to make this decision yourself. Would you like to join them? That's why I want you to talk to Kurros yourself. See if he can answer your questions. You've earned it. And remember, if you do choose to go, make sure it's what you want, not what you think is best for Voyager. We're getting out of this, with or without the Think Tank's help. [Cargo Bay two] Two Hazari ships are approaching.  Glad you're sticking around. Take your station. Which one fired? So we should target the support ship. How much is this tip going to cost me? I'll take it. Tuvok. Get us out of here, maximum warp. Thanks for the help. Your scenarios, not mine. We have an old expression, Kurros. Don't call us, we'll call you. Remodulate the shields to a phase variance frequency. (Kurros disappears.) Same here. Looks like we're facing two threats now. The Hazari and our would-be saviours. [Think Tank] Detonate the spatial charges. (The Hazari vessel gets bounced around.) Move us into position. Lock on a tractor beam and pull them into the shuttlebay. Energise. [Hazari vessel]  Any luck? Let me guess. They're the strong but silent types. Well, hold off on the torture till we see what we can dig up here. They've been discussing Voyager. Our coordinates, our defences. Check these sensor logs. See if they had any visitors recently. Tell him to give it a try. [Medical lab] Malon. Huh, they must really hold a grudge. We haven't run into them for months. I'm sorry, Doctor, something doesn't feel right. And there's no profit in revenge. Take a look at this. Isomorphic signatures embedded in the bioreadings. This was no Malon, it was only a projection. Well, it appears our Hazari paradox is more complex than we thought. [Briefing room]  I believe we're both being manipulated by the same person. Recognise him? (She holds up a PADD.) His name is Kurros, The Malon you met with was nothing more than a projection. Not this one. Kurros is a member of a Think Tank. They solve problems for a price. Oh, you have heard of them. Enemies who might be willing to pay a hell of a bounty. Not if we work together. You're the best hunters in the quadrant and we have the perfect lure. All we have to do now is out-think the Think Tank. [Mess hall] Maybe we're going about this the wrong way. A direct assault seems unlikely to succeed. Pure tactics, psychology. That's how they solve problems. That's what we have to do. They've created this paradox to manipulate us into giving them Seven of Nine. How do we manipulate Maybe we can't out-think them. We have to assume they've planned for every contingency, including anything we could come up with to undermine their plan. This thing has been driving me crazy. You said you knew the solution. Prove If you can't solve a puzzle, cheat. If you can't out-think a Think Tank, don't try. Not at all. When you were in contact with the artificial intelligence, you were linked through their internal communications array. If you were to link with them again, we might be able to disrupt those systems. If they can't communicate, they can't function as a Think Tank. They'd be vulnerable. Simple. We give them what they want. You're going to join their group willingly. We'll have to make them believe. Pull up a chair. We've got some more work to do. [Think Tank] ARTIFICIAL Return fire. Don't count us out just yet. Photon torpedoes? Target a full spread at the lead Hazari ship. Fire. What the hell is she doing?  Acknowledged. Do it.  Voyager to Hazari vessels. Their systems are down. Fire the spatial charges. [Think Tank] Initiate transport. (Seven is beamed directly to the bridge.) Tom. A good guest knows when he's outstayed his welcome. Your diplomacy could use some polishing. Looks like your ship's having difficulties. Oh, I'm sure you'll find a solution. Just give it some thought. (Kurros disappears. Voyager leaves the Hazari fleet to continue its bombardment of the Think Tank.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Hold on, B'Elanna. This is going to be bumpy. (The shuttlecraft bounces into the shuttlebay and skids to a halt. Not having any seatbelts, Torres lurches forward onto the console. Paris  When I give you an order, I expect you to follow it. I told you to return to Voyager, not chase the probe into the centre of an ion storm. We only have one B'Elanna Torres. I don't want to lose her, either. Lanna, I'm glad you made it back in one piece, I suppose I did. Well then, I'm in good company. [Torres' quarters] Ladies and gentlemen. Could I have your attention, please? I hate to interrupt the festivities, but before I turn the floor over to our resident Klingon, I'd like to say a few words. This is a great day for the Klingon Empire. A day when we honour their ancestors, those Lieutenant, can you hear me? I'm still not inclined to grant your request. B'Elanna, I'm not going to let you turn this into a debate about freedom of worship. There's a limit to how far I'll let religious practices go aboard this ship. If your belief system required you to sacrifice a child to your gods, I wouldn't allow that either. You want to simulate a near death experience so you can revisit the Barge of Death, and you're telling me what's absurd? Bottom line, B'Elanna. I'm not going to let you risk your life for this. Request denied. I appreciate what you're trying to say, B'Elanna, but whatever you experienced, it wasn't real. I'm sorry. Lieutenant? I am. Report.  (The EMH comes out of his office.) Good. B'Elanna? You'll have an hour to do whatever it is you need to do. At the first sign of trouble, we're bringing you out. Understood? She's not breathing. Qapla', B'Elanna. [Barge of the Dead - on deck] (Torres wakes, dressed in full Klingon armour.)BROK'TAN I'm deactivating the forcefield. (On the gangplank, Torres looks back to see Tuvok holding a bat'leth. He steps up and knocks her off the gangplank.) [Gre'thor Sickbay] This is a great day for B'Elanna Torres. A day when we pay tribute to her dishonour. [Sickbay] Neural activity at forty eight percent, thirty seven.  B'Elanna's misdeeds have led her to Gre'thor. She comes with no valour, no glory, nothing to celebrate in song and story. Come on, B'Elanna. [Barge of the Dead - on deck] You've let your anger consume you. Now it's consuming us. We only want you. We know. (Torres throws the bat'leth into the ocean.) Welcome back. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I mean you can't concern yourself with making a mistake, or whether the image you had in your mind is what's taking form in front of you. You just have to let your hands and the clay do the work. Here. That depends on how you look at it, doesn't it? I find sculpting helps me unwind, relax. So is this. It helps my own efficiency to forget about Voyager for a while. I'd be embarrassed to show Maestro Leonardo something like this but I get a great deal of pleasure in working the clay, in creating something. Frankly, it's refreshing to take myself out of the twenty fourth century every now and then. And a little disorganisation can be very encouraging to the imagination. You might want to try it sometime. You might find it interesting. It's a way of exploring aspects of yourself that probably didn't fit into your life as a Borg. Imagination, creativity, fantasy. They aren't necessary, Seven. But they're an important part of one's life, because imagination frees the mind. It inspires ideas and solutions, and it can provide a great deal of pleasure. Human progress, the human mind itself, couldn't exist without them. When I was a child, I studied these drawings. I even built some of these models. Da Vinci was always a great inspiration to me. Oh, yes. A prolific artist, and a scientist as well. Far, far ahead of his time. That design, for example. He conceived of an airplane centuries before one was actually built. Seven?(Seven looks at the bird-like structure hanging from the ceiling, and has a vision.) [Borg vessel] (Adult Seven is pushing her way through drones.)BORG  Seven? What is it? A bird? Makes sense. You were assimilated by the Borg. You've gone through an intense, prolonged trauma. Go ahead. On my way. Representatives of the B'omar. I've been trying to negotiate passage through their space but so far they've been difficult to deal with. I hope they've had a change of heart. We'll help you through this, Seven. You'll be all right. [Briefing room]  Have you had a chance to consider our request? On behalf of my crew, thank you. That will cut three months off our journey. You'll have our complete cooperation. Chancellor Gauman, if I may interrupt? I appreciate your efforts in plotting this flight plan, but if we could, I'd like to negotiate a course that's a little more direct. [Mess hall] If you'll excuse me. [Bridge] Janeway to Seven of Nine. Seven, if you can hear me, respond. I wish I knew, Chancellor. Chakotay, seal off deck six. [Corridor] BORG Acknowledged. Bridge to all security personnel. Configure your weapons to a rotating modulation, but keep them on stun. It's not what you think. She is a member of my crew. We liberated her from the Collective. She's no longer a Borg. I don't know. Cut power to the turboshafts. Janeway to Tuvok. Seven's apparently headed for deck ten. Can you get there before she does?  The shuttlebay. Seal the launch doors. (The shuttlecraft smashes through them.)JANEWAY: Tractor beam.  We'll do everything in our power to find her, but we will need permission to enter B'omar space to track her shuttle effectively. I apologise for what's happened here, but we certainly didn't unleash anyone. We can resolve this situation quickly, gentlemen, if we work together. May I remind you that you're still on my ship. Chancellor. Commander, escort our guests to the transporter room. Captain's log, supplemental. I've assembled a team to analyse every square metre of the cargo bay. This has essentially been her quarters for the last two months, and I'm determined to find something here that might shed light on Seven of Nine's actions. [Cargo Bay two] Anything? Get on it. So much for diplomacy. No. I won't accept that. [Turbolift]  Deck five. She was responding to us. Interacting with people outside the Collective for the first time. She was adapting to this environment and to this crew. But where is she going? We've scanned space for a distance of forty light years. We've found no evidence of Borg ships, so she can't be trying to rejoin the Collective. Ten thousand light years from here? I don't think so, no. Something else going on. We're missing a piece of the puzzle. One more reason for us to find her first. [Sickbay]  What have you found, Doctor? That means someone needs to get close enough to do it. [Bridge]  Report. Nice work, gentlemen. Proceed. The Doctor's genetic resequencer. It should keep her sedated until you get back to the ship. Once you've penetrated the perimeter, there will be no further communication with Voyager. You'll be on your own. I know. If it fails and you're unable to reason with her, you have my authorisation to stop her with any force necessary. Not at all, Harry. And? Don't take it personally coming from Seven, that's probably a compliment. The hallucinations. What about this bird? The feathers are black, wingspan approximately one half metre. The eyes are yellow and it has a powerful triangular beak. When it looks at me, I am paralysed. I cannot move. It seems to know me, but I don't understand how that's possible. It's merely a bird, an inferior form of life, but the sight of it fills me with fear. It sounds like she's describing a member of the corvidae family like a crow, or a raven. She's describing a raven. Because now I know what to look for. [Bridge]  Chakotay, calibrate our long range sensors to scan for any Federation signature other than our two shuttlecraft. Do it. Bring the ship about, Ensign, and lay in a course for B'omar space. (There is a female Ensign at the helm.) Acknowledged. We've detected several B'omar ships closing in on your position. What's your condition? Try to locate them, Tom. We're on our way. [Moon] Target their weapons systems. Tom, what's your status? You've left me no choice, Chancellor. I don't have time for this. Target their weapons array. [The Raven] Acknowledged. Good work. Ensign, as soon as Mister Paris's shuttle has docked, take us out of B'omar space. Warp eight. Looks like there won't be any shortcuts this time. [Holodeck - Da Vinci's Workshop] Not at all. Is that appealing to you? And you would have done the same for them. If you'd like to know more about your parents, there's information in the Federation database. It seems they were fairly well known for being unconventional and for some rather unique scientific theories. You might like to read what's there. It might encourage your imagination.
We need this completely filled. We don't have time to haggle over price. Janeway to Voy (Janeway is shot in the neck.) Where am I? Thank you. You're very kind but I have I really can't I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me. My name is Kathryn Janeway. I am a starship Captain. It is very important that I contact my ship. It's not a story, it's a request. May I use your communications equipment? They can't have control of everything. Surely there's someone who has an illegal transmitter. Can you at least tell me what happened to the other people I was with on the street. My two friends. Did the Mokra take them? Where would they have been taken. A detention centre? All right. How do I get there? I appreciate your hospitality, but I can't stay here. I've got to get to that prison. You're very kind to offer, but I didn't mean we'd be going together. Keep who waiting? I see soldiers out there. What's happening? I don't want to cause trouble for you. I'll go as soon as it's dark. They're only looking for me. You don't have to get any more involved that you already are. I couldn't possibly take it. If you want to help, tell me about that prison. What kind of security do they have? Are there forcefields, detection grids, physical barriers? What about guards? Listen to me. I can't bring you to the prison with me. It's too dangerous. And that could get both of us killed. You have to stay here. Letters? To the prison? These are all to your wife? How long has it been? I'm very sorry. I have to go before the soldiers come. It's all right. She'll understand. I'm sorry, that's not possible. Is there another way out? I need him. If he's a member of the Resistance he may be able to help me contact my ship. (Caylem sees Augris.) They want a fight. Don't give them one. (sotto) Caylem! (Caylem starts acting the fool for the crowd, who laugh.) Then I'll have to find my crew members myself. I know two of them were arrested. What about Neelix? Good. What can you tell me about the prison. We need all the information we can get. I have to reach my crew. Enough. He's already saved me from the Mokra once, and he saved you from those soldiers today. I won't get killed if you tell me what you know. I'll need weapons. I don't have anything to trade. (Darod fingers the necklace.) I can't. Thank you. We will. Thank you. He's more than three hours late. We have to consider the possibility that he's been arrested. I don't believe it. You're not a coward. You were proud of her. A blue vest. He was wearing military boots, like the Mokra. It was a trap. It's not that simple. We can't just walk into the prison without weapons. (Janeway watches the pair of women walk past.) Maybe we'll have to try a different strategy. [Detention cell] (Tuvok is returned after his torture session.) Do you want me to leave? Then I won't. Nobody will see us back here. It's dark. Private. (She takes the guard out of sight of his companion, and Caylem knocks him out.) No, you're not coming with me. You did save me. Now I'm returning the favour. (The forcefield vanishes. Janeway steps through and it reactivates.) I promise I'll try to find your wife. Darod. I'm looking for my people. Don't move! What are you doing here? We've got to get you back to the ship. You're hurt. Follow this passageway until it dead ends, then you'll see a smaller passageway. There's one more person I have to find. Caylem! He was lying to you, Father. I'm all right. She's fine. She was so happy to get your letters. She wanted me to tell you something. She forgives you. We both do. I'm coming. We're all back, Commander. Take us out of here. Yes. Thank you, Mister Kim. I'm fine. (Kim leaves. Janeway picks up the necklace that Caylem gave her.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Janeway to Security. Get a team to the mess hall right away. Good question. It didn't show up on sensors until a few minutes ago. Nothing too dramatic. To Captain Kathryn Janeway, Starship Voyager. From Emergency Medical Hologram, Starship Voyager. Topic, status of Emergency Medical Hologram, Starship Voyager. Regarding? Failure to acknowledge sentience. Rude behaviour. What's this? A request to be made Captain in the event of a catastrophic emergency? He's serious. No, I'll take care of it. I don't want anybody to be uncomfortable on this ship. I guess we should all try to be more considerate of his feelings. Resume course toward the planet. Chakotay, you have the bridge. I've got a formal response to draft. [Overlooker ship] (Inside the nebula, a crew of neckless aliens in rubber suits are making notes.) Oh! (Janeway leans over the table by the EMH, holding her back.) It's nothing, really. An old Academy injury. It flares up every now and then. I've learned to live with it, but maybe you should stay here and have a look. Right there. (Janeway places the EMH's hand on the sacral area of her lower back. Torres stands.) You are dismissed. Doctor? Doctor? (The EMH is roused from his reverie.) Let's talk about these demands of yours. [Ready room]  I've given you a great deal of freedom on this ship. But you're not satisfied, either. You should also know your limits. Maybe, but we all have primary responsibilities. Yours is Sickbay. This proposal of yours to be made a, what? What did you call it? In principle, it's an interesting idea. A backup captain in case I'm incapacitated and the command structure breaks down. But expanding your programme would take months of work. I'm afraid the answer's no, Doctor. However, as part of my formal response I have recommended that Starfleet assign a team of Engineers to consider your proposal. When we get back to the Alpha Quadrant, I'll pass it along. Thank you, Doctor. [Cargo Bay two] (The EMH walks into a Congratulations ECH Party. His PADD has morphed into a glass of champagne.) Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce the Emergency Command Hologram. (Seven kisses him on the cheek, and Torres takes his other arm.) [Overlooker ship] (The party is on a monitor.) To the ECH. Put us in a synchronous orbit above their landing coordinates. What's wrong? Harry? Red alert. On screen. Battle stations. (A Borg node pops out of Tuvok's hand.) Hard to starboard. Reinforce the shields. So now he's daydreaming constantly? Do you think that's appropriate? They're his fantasies, and I promised him we'd show a little more consideration. Go ahead, Harry. We're on our way. (The EMH blows out the candles on his imaginary cake.) [Holodeck - Cargo Bay two] (The EMH is painting his version of a reclining nude.) He does the hands very well. I see. [Holodeck - Bridge] Nice touch. Photonic cannon? Of course. I see. Shush.  I came to check on your patient. At least there wasn't any permanent damage. That will never happen. Certainly not because we've seen a few random fantasies. We all daydream, Doctor. It helps us imagine other possibilities in life. Just hold off until we've figured out a way for you to do it without damaging yourself, all right? [Ready room] (Janeway is reading the Federation Judicial Code when the doorbell chimes.) Come in. In a way. Not for me, though. I've been going over the legal precedents for granting command positions to holograms. There aren't any. I think we've underestimated him because of our own human limitations. His full potential's unknown, Chakotay. Well, I don't know if I'd take it that far. I don't want to hear it. However, I would like to know why you've disobeyed my direct order. On screen. Maximum magnification. So am I, but I'd just as soon set a course away from here at maximum warp. Did your friend have a plan? Well, I guess it's time to turn fantasy into reality. [Sickbay]  Acknowledged, Commander. Doctor, are [Bridge] JANEWAY I'll be with you every step of the way. Just remember, I'm still the captain. Tell him we'll defend ourselves. [Bridge] JANEWAY Don't improvise, Doctor. Tone it down, Doctor. It's time to negotiate, Doctor. Tell For your imaginative defence of this ship and her crew, I'm awarding you the Starfleet Medal of Commendation. Congratulations. I've also reconsidered your request. I'm going to authorise a research project to explore your command abilities. You're a natural.
What about alternative energy sources? Ensign Kim, have you had any luck getting power from the holodeck reactors? Fine. Now let's move on to the personnel situation. We still have (Neelix and Kes enter.) Neelix, this is a briefing for the senior officers. Very well. You're welcome to join us, this time. (Paris gives up his seat to Kes.) To be honest, we could use some excellent suggestions right now. When can you start? It's your idea. It's your project. Okay. The personnel situation. We've managed to find a replacement for the Transporter Chief, but we still need an Astrogation plotter, a Chief Engineer, medical support personnel. B'Elanna Torres? She was the one involved in that incident with Mister Carey. Just what job do you think she's suited for? You're serious. Regarding Sickbay, we still need a Chief Medical Officer. Good idea. Lieutenant, I understand you studied biochemistry at the Academy. Close enough. You just volunteered to become a field medic. Report to Sickbay as soon as we're finished here. Stations, everyone!  [Bridge] Report! Mister Tuvok! All stop. On screen. Gravimetric flux density is over two thousand percent. If I'm not mistaken, we're looking at a type four quantum singularity. On speakers. (A female sounding voice, but the words are garbled.) Does it look like any ship you're familiar with? They may be trapped in the event horizon. Open a channel. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager to the vessel near the quantum singularity. Do you need help? Can we tractor the vessel out? No. It looks like it's being pulled in toward the singularity. We have to get it out of the event horizon. Mister Carey, what do you think?  [Engineering] Very well. You're in charge, Mister Carey. Report to me when the tractor beam is ready.  [Engineering] Mister Paris? Hold our position here. (to Chakotay) I'd like to see you in private. [Ready Room] We have a problem and I think it's time we discussed it. You don't understand, Commander. This isn't about Torres. My problem is with you. Let me be blunt. What you tried to do just now was out of line. When you decided to call Torres in Engineering. Carey is the senior officer in Engineering. That's the problem, right there. They're not your people. You're treating the Maquis on this ship like they're still your crew. I can't make it easy, Commander. Surely you can understand that. They don't have the discipline. They don't have the training. The Starfleet officers on this ship have worked all their lives to earn their commissions. How am I supposed to ask them to accept a Maquis as their superior officer just because circumstances have forced us together? You're qualified. You're a graduate of the Academy, and you have Starfleet command experience. Go ahead. Show me another qualified Maquis candidate and I'll consider him. Who cannot control herself and who could not make it through the Academy. Theirs or yours, Commander? Dismissed.  [EMH's office] (Kes walks into Sickbay.) Acknowledged. Mister Tuvok, lock onto that ship. Impulse engines, full reverse!  [Engineering] JANEWAY Cut the engines. Engineering, get that tractor beam offline.  [Engineering] Do it. (A few more seconds of shaking, then all is still.) Move us to a safe distance, Mister Paris. No, but we are going to need some help. Lay in a course for the Ilidaria system, full impulse. Have Mister Neelix report to the Bridge. It looks like we're going to follow his suggestion after all. [Ready room]  (Janeway is working with a PADD and computer when the doorbell rings.) Come in. (Torres enters.) Have a seat. No one blames you for what happened. Commander Chakotay thinks very highly of you. He's recommended you for Chief Engineer. Do you think you're ready? Ready to be Chief Engineer on a starship. It's part of what I mean. There's also the matter of your ability to command others. I'm not sure I'd be doing you a favour by putting you in charge down there. There'd be a lot of hard feelings toward you from many of the Starfleet people. And the job requires knowledge of Starfleet protocol, experience with Starfleet methodologies. I'll be honest. I'm not sure whether you are or not. That's why I wanted to meet, try to get to know you a little better. I've been studying your Academy record. Thanks to Tuvok, we had the names of your entire crew by the time we left DS9. Four disciplinary hearings, one suspension. You had quite a turbulent couple of years, didn't you. What do you think the problem was? We work under that same system on this ship. Why did you quit the Academy, B'Elanna? Yes, Doctor? Of course. I'm getting a distorted transmission. Shrinking? All of this could be related to the quantum singularity. It was sending out strong spatial distortions. They might have affected the crew, and your systems as well. You're right. I'll look into linking your programme into the ship's data. (Bang! Janeway gets up from her desk and goes to the Bridge.) Report. On screen. Mister Tuvok? Check the navigational logs. Confirm our position. Well, we can see the singularity so I tend to believe that the external sensors are correct. Mister Paris, lay in a course away from the singularity. This time at maximum warp. Ensign Kim, I want you to keep a sensor lock on the singularity. Verify that we're moving away from it. Engage. All stop. Ensign Kim, transfer all the data on spatial distortions we encountered to my ready room. I'm going to begin my own analysis. Commander, have all departments run complete system diagnostics. I'll expect a full report from all senior officers at fifteen hundred hours. Lieutenant Carey. Fine.  [Engineering] I finished my study of the spatial distortions coming from the singularity. I can give you a long, boring analysis. Suffice it to say, I don't know what's going on. The readings are confused, the data is contradictory. None of it makes any sense. Anyone have anything more constructive? Good. You have another idea? That was my guess too. We could set up a similar field around our external sensors and communicate with them. Let's give it a try. Dismissed. (Chakotay turns back at the door, and Janeway gives a little smile and a nod.) [Bridge] Open a channel to the other ship. (Still garbled words from the woman. Possibly the word singularity in there.) Remodulate the EM band. See if you can clear it up a little more. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Starship Voyager to the vessel near the quantum singularity. Do you need help? I don't think you'll get a response, Lieutenant. That message we unscrambled is the same message I sent out nine hours ago. And in this case, we'd be staring up at the surface of the event horizon and seeing a time-delayed reflection of ourselves. You're right. It's the only theory that explains everything that's happened to us. We've probably been in this singularity since we felt the first jolt. No, but that's okay. One of the more difficult concepts to grasp in temporal mechanics is that sometimes effect can precede cause. A reaction can be observed before the action which initiated it. If your analogy's correct, how do we get through that sheet of ice? Or make a crack. Take something and smack it into the ice until it buckles. When we first entered the event horizon. (Er, how do you make a hole in gravity?) So we'd be looking for a subspace instability in the event horizon. What would make it show up on our sensors? If we saturate the event horizon with warp particles, we might be able to see the escaping through the rupture we made when we entered. [Bridge] Mister Tuvok, take the main deflector off-line. Mister Kim, reroute the port and starboard plasma flow to the main deflector. We can use it to generate a warp field. Release the warp particles. (An orange beam hits the black hole, lighting it up.) Put it on screen. We found the crack. That's the important thing. Now, how do we make it bigger. All right, a dekyon beam. Mister Paris, bring us closer. Can we emit a beam from here? We'll have to take a shuttlecraft. Getting there is the easy part, Mister Paris. We need someone who's familiar with the finer points of temporal mechanics, and unless you've been hiding your credentials, I don't think that's you. B'Elanna, you're with me. The Bridge is yours, Commander. [Shuttlecraft] We've cleared Voyager. We'll reach the rupture in approximately four and a half minutes. Let's get that dekyon beam online. Professor Chapman was. He put a letter in your permanent file saying that should you ever re-apply, he would support you. He thought you were one of the most promising cadets he'd ever taught. Some professors like students who challenge their assumptions, B'Elanna. And so do some captains. Professor Chapman wasn't alone. Many of your teachers thought you had the potential to be an outstanding officer. You had more friends at the Academy than you realised. We're fifteen kilometres from the rupture. Start charging the dekyon beam. Increase speed. We have to get to that rupture before these spatial distortions tear us apart. All right. Let's open this hole in the ice a little wider. Initiate the dekyon beam. [Bridge] We've widened the opening by over sixty five percent. I'd like another five for safety. Let's get back to Voyager.  [Bridge] (It is peaceful here, too.) One of them is a temporal reflection, but which one? I'm getting identical readings from both ships. That means we have one chance to pick the correct ship. Starboard. No. It may be closer to the rupture, but it's facing the wrong direction. The starboard ship is facing away from us. That means they're trying to give us easy access to the shuttlebay. The starboard ship's thrusters are at standby. They're holding position. But the port ship is moving toward the rupture. Don't you see? Voyager did move toward the rupture twenty minutes ago when we first discovered it. That's why the port ship is moving toward it now. It's a time-delayed reflection of what we did before. The starboard ship's the real one. They're waiting for us. All right. Cut the thrusters. Let's see what happens. (Bump as they come to a halt on the deck.) Feels like a real ship to me. Let's get back to the Bridge. [Bridge] Commander Chakotay, report. In command school, they taught us to always remember that manoeuvring a starship is a very delicate process. But over the years I've learned that sometimes you just have to punch your way through. Mister Paris, full impulse power. (As they approach the rift, the ship starts shaking again and people fall about.) Keep it together, Mister Paris. (Voyager blasts through the remaining rift and out.) Set a course. I want to be at least one hundred million kilometres away from the singularity before we begin repairs. [Engineering] (Chakotay escorts Torres into main engineering.) Observing. Two crew members have already filed complaints about her promotion and she may be in for a tough period of adjustment, but I think B'Elanna's going to make a fine addition to this crew. Our crew. One of the nice things about being Captain is that you can keep some things to yourself. Go ahead. We're little busy right now, Doctor.  [EMH's office] But I'll send a crew down as soon as I can. (The EMH is standing on his chair. His shoulders barely clear the armrests. He also sounds rather like a Chipmunk.) Acknowledged. Janeway out. (Paris enters.)
Impressive. I'm sure you have. You've made your point, Mister Kovin. I want the cannon, and I'm prepared to give you astrometrics charts spanning twelve sectors. You'll find them unusually precise. Sorry. Our Astrometrics sensors were designed specifically for this ship. They'd be of no use to you. What I can offer you is a generous supply of isolinear processing chips. We'll even show you how to integrate them into your existing sensor technology. One hundred chips. One fifteen. Done. Escort our guest to Engineering. You'll be supervising the installation of the cannon? Five additional chips, no more. Assign Seven of Nine to work on this. She's got a knack for adapting alien technology. I'm ready to give her some latitude. She's been behaving herself lately. [Astrometrics lab] Do you have any idea why Seven attacked you? What did you say to her? Is that all? Believe me, I'll deal with it. Please accept my sincere apology. Now, if you'll excuse me. Come in. (Seven enters.)JANEWAY: Here we are again. Oh, I'm tired of having this conversation. You know what I'm going to say. I know how you're going to respond, so it seems pointless to say anything. I think we've established that traditional disciplinary I suppose I am. Because frankly I'm running out of options. Throwing you in the brig isn't going to solve anything, neither is slapping you on the wrist. And it's not as though I don't understand your feelings about Kovin. There have been a few times when I'd have liked to pop him on the nose myself. But you have to start learning the difference between having an impulse and acting on it. Does that make any sense to you? Well, that's a start. [Sickbay] Could this have been caused by her cortical implants? Do you know where it came from? Can you treat her? I wasn't aware that you were programmed for psychotherapeutic capabilities. Keep me informed, Doctor. [Cargo Bay two] How is she? First I want to know how much of her story we can corroborate. Tom, you were with her on the planet. How long was she alone with Kovin? And when she came back, did she say anything about what happened? Did you find any other physical evidence of the medical procedures she described? Let's not get bogged down. Seven's made serious accusations and I won't dismiss them. If Kovin assaulted her, took a sample of her Borg technology, we can't stand by and do nothing. In the wrong hands a single nanoprobe could lead to disaster. Doctor, I want you to keep searching for any physical evidence to back up Seven's claim. I will talk to Kovin. Dismissed. [Ready room] Why would she do that? I have no hidden agenda. I'm simply trying to clarify what happened. And that took two hours? We've confirmed that Seven was exposed to an intense thoron discharge. She now remembers that you fired the weapon at her deliberately. The Doctor now tells me the blast could have been enough to render her unconscious. Which you recognised as Borg. Did you ever express curiosity in that technology, or try to examine it more closely? You never considered the potential value it might have as a weapon? You may not realise how dangerous Borg technology can be. If you've taken even a single nanoprobe, I need to know about it right now. I'd like to examine your laboratory to be absolutely sure. Then I'll have to contact the authorities. Maybe they'll be more helpful. Yes. Now, are you going to cooperate with our investigation? Janeway here. Stand by. Magistrate, do you want us to follow him? [Kovin's laboratory] Very well. We'll beam you to Voyager. Stand by. [Bridge] Set an intercept course. Get ready to lock on a tractor beam. Do it. Our investigation has suddenly turned into a manhunt. This isn't getting us anywhere. Seven's cellular residue is on everyone of these, but that would be true if she simply handled them. I'm getting a bad feeling about this, Tuvok. We aren't finding anything that implicates Kovin. It has, but I'll admit I had some preconceptions about him. They may have influenced my judgment. The strongest evidence so far is the batch of nanoprobes the Doctor found. The fact that they were regenerated suggests that Kovin was experimenting with them. Good. Maybe that'll give us some answers. [Sickbay]EMH: Is this really necessary, Captain? She's suffered enough trauma already. We don't want to make accusations against an innocent man. We have to do everything we can to find some concrete evidence. I know. Try to be patient. We may have some answers soon. (Tuvok injects Seven's hand.)JANEWAY: All Seven, there's no doubt in my mind that you believe what you're saying. But is it possible, just possible, that the memories you and the Doctor recovered aren't accurate? During your time with the Borg, you were subjected to invasive medical procedures. You undoubtedly witnessed other victims being assimilated. Could that be what you're remembering? Seven, no one's abandoning you, but we have to do what's right. We have to find Kovin and tell him what we've learned. Mister Paris? Visual. Hail him. Open a channel, all frequencies. Mister Kovin, this is Captain Janeway. We believe we've made a mistake in accusing you. We only want to correct the situation. Stand down your weapons. We're not here to take you by force. No. We've discovered information that supports your story. Back off. Give him some breathing room. He's come under enough fire from us already. Harry, try to beam him off his ship. Keep trying. (Whumph!) No! Evasive manoeuvres. Hard to port, full thrusters Open a channel. Kovin, shut down your scattering field. Let us beam you aboard. Kovin! Harry? Stand down Red alert. Mister Paris, set a course back to the Entharan colony.(Janeway gives the EMH then Seven stern Looks before sitting down.) Chief Medical Officer's log, stardate 51658.2. I've spent the past three days being cross-examined by the Entharan authorities, but the matter is finally resolved. [Doctor's office] Why? You want to go back to the state you were in when we first activated you? Oh, I'm not so sure. This crew has benefited greatly from your improvements over the years. Request denied. I won't turn back the clock because of one mistake, no matter how serious. And no matter how you might feel. With any luck, that knowledge will prevent it from happening again. We all rallied around Seven, Doctor, myself included. I wanted her to know she was part of this family, that we would support her, fight for her, no matter what. We let our good intentions blind us. We all bear responsibility for Kovin's death, and we all have to live with it. But to delete that burden would be the last thing any of us should do. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I want someone to tell me how this snake oil salesman managed to evade every security protocol on the ship. I'm not interested in fault. I just want to know how it happened. Who I'm sure was more than willing to extol its virtues. Scan for his ion trail. And lets review safeguards for accessing low-security files, shall we, Mister Tuvok? [Corridor] How so? I'm not sure I see your point. It's not as if your cooking turned him into a thief. In my experience, Neelix, men like Gar have no trouble finding opportunities to take advantage of other people. When and if that opportunity arises, I'm sure you'll make the most of it. [Level Red] All stop. Red alert. On screen. (It is only a beacon.) Looks we've underestimated Mister Gar again. Cross-reference our sensor logs and long range scans. Tom, how fast can you get us there? Do it. (They arrive at the asteroid.)TUVOK: We're being hailed. Open a channel. I beg your pardon? Yes. We obtained it from a man called Gar. A merchant We had a similar experience. Maybe we can help each other. Do you have any idea where we might find him? By all means, but Gar only traded us half of what he stole from you. However, we might be able to get the rest of it back. Do you know where we can find this buyer? HUSBAND Sounds like you've changed your mind. Do you know where we might find her? Yes, he's very exciting. I assure you, I have no romantic interest in him whatsoever. No, it's not that, it's just that (Janeway takes Tuvok's hand.) JANEWAY: I already have a man. If we let him know we're here, he may try to slip away. I like it. Tom, Tuvok. (Voyager appears overhead and puts a tractor beam on the small ship.) I guess we put him in the mood to talk. On screen. Where's our doctor? Don't bother, Harry. Just beam him to the brig. [Level Red] Scan for the Doctor's signature. [Level Red] Can you get a lock? Hail the ship. This is Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager. I would like to speak with someone regarding a member of my crew who is aboard your vessel. Then may I speak with someone else? Then you'll have to go down there and get him. Chakotay. (He goes with Torres.) [Level Red]
Seven of Nine, you told me you wouldn't make any more attempts to contact the Borg. I want to believe that's true. I've decided not to post a security detail while you're in Engineering, but you have to realise there are rules. You'll be expected to follow our protocols. You'll report directly to Lieutenant Torres and obey any order she gives you. One more thing. Your designation, Seven of Nine, it's a little cumbersome. Wouldn't you prefer to be called by your given name, Annika? All right. But maybe we could streamline it a little. How would you feel about Seven? Yes, Tuvok.  [Bridge] Open a channel. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation starship Voyager. How many of you escaped? I'm sorry. I understand. Of course. Send us a list of your needs and we'll see what we can do. I think we can arrange that. I'll speak to my engineer. Neelix, how much food can we spare? Do it, and check with the Doctor to see if he can spare any medical supplies. Tuvok, please escort our guest to the transporter room.  [Corridor] Go ahead. We'll monitor your progress from here.  [Engineering] Agreed. Janeway out. Janeway to Engineering. If you can't stabilise the core immediately, evacuate Engineering. [Engineering] Go ahead. Report. How long before I can have impulse power? At least the core's still intact. Tom, take a shuttle and find it. See if you can tractor it back to Voyager. Well then, you go with him. Do whatever you have to. Just get it back here in one piece.  [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Come in. Would you like tea or coffee? My understanding is that you're almost ready to begin eating food. Whenever there's an accident on the ship, even a minor one, we investigate it in order to minimise the chances of its happening again. I didn't have a chance to talk to Lieutenant Torres before she left the ship, so I wanted to ask you some questions about what happened in Engineering. Sensor logs indicate the tachyons were leaking into the warp core. Do you have any idea how it started? Who was controlling the tachyon bursts? What were you doing? And did you at any time access deflector control? I won't lie to you. Part of me is suspicious. We've dealt with tachyon fields before and never had this kind of problem. I believe you. Thank you. Unexpected acts of kindness are common among our group. That's one of the ways we define ourselves. Yes. We still have to find out what caused the tachyon leak. Tell me what you remember about the power fluctuations in the propulsion system.  [Space] Yes, Ensign.  [Engineering] Then it was an accident. Come in. They may be in trouble. As soon as we get impulse power On my way.  [Bridge] On screen. LUMAS [on viewscreen]: Hello, Captain. You've brought some friends. LUMAS [on viewscreen]: Needy friends. We're hoping you will offer us more supplies. I made it clear last time that we couldn't possibly you with We've given you everything we can spare. Return the core and Like what? I can't imagine what would satisfy them now. That's very generous, but I will not turn you over to them. You're part of this group now and we're going to protect you. It's time to stop talking about this. Tom and B'Elanna are in trouble and we have to find them. Tuvok, what's the status of our weapons array? We'll have to shut down non-essential systems. Reroute power to the shields. We're going to fight. And what do you suppose made you consider it now? Maybe it was just an unexpected act of kindness. Work with Vorik to build the energy matrix, while I convince the Caatati there's a better way out of this.  [Science laboratory] Now you can power all your systems and begin to rebuild your Voyager to Tom Paris. Tom, do you read me? Respond. Prepare to beam aboard. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Fire! (A photon torpedo hits its target.) Target the fragments. Destroy them. On screen. Mister Paris, can we send a shuttle down through that turbulence? In for a penny, in for a pound. It's a human expression, Ambassador, and it means we're not leaving you now. Tuvok, assemble rescue teams. We'll send down three shuttles to find Doctor Vatm. I'm going to study the data we've collected so far. I'll be in my Ready room. [Sickbay] We're monitoring a major dust storm heading your way. You'll need to head due north within the hour. Time to impact? Let's see it. (A spaceship appears on the viewscreen.) Ensign? On screen. This planet belongs to the Nezu. They have five colonies here. I'm a friend of theirs. Kathryn Janeway. And I'm not going anywhere until you've lowered your weapons. Battle stations. [Mag-lev carriage] Full power to the shields. Ready phasers. (Whumph!) Return fire. Janeway here. Are you all right, Lieutenant? We're a little busy right now. Prepare to beam aboard. [Bridge] Adjust our phasers to match. Target their primary reactor. Fire at will. Target their weapons array. Fire!
Maestro! Maybe you underestimated the wingspan? Jumping off the bridge was a wise precaution. Not recently. You're giving up. Again. Your beautiful painting of the Adoration, the great bronze horse in Milan, the Battle of Anghiari. Unfinished, all of them. You were going to publish your notebooks. You never did. You have given up, abandoned your most important works. Why? Janeway to the bridge. I'm on my way. Damage? Go ahead. What do you mean, lost? Evasive manoeuvres. Fire at will. Why? Full phasers, manual targeting. Keep firing until you hit something. (They hit one ship - KaBOOM.) We'll do the best we can, Doctor but our top priority is the main computer processor. B'Elanna, I want a defence against another transporter attack. Harry, do everything you can to track those ships. Dismissed.  [Astrometrics lab] That's good enough for now. Tuvok, you and I are going after the processor. Tom, Neelix, I want you on the other continent. Find out what you can. At the very least, try to get our emergency rations back. Chakotay, you have the bridge.  [Market place] What have you got? No doubt stolen. The computer processor? How did you get here? My travelling companion, Tuvok. Oh, it's a long story. A Portuguese ship, some Turkish pirates, a couple of hurricanes. I'll tell you about it some other time. Your patron? He sees everything in sixteenth century terms. I was running the Da Vinci simulation when we were attacked. His programme must have been active in the computer's memory when the processor was beamed off the ship. His patron, the Prince?(da Vinci returns with the item.) Let's go.  [Da Vinci's Workshop] Your new patron gave you all this? And in return for all this support? I'd like to meet this patron you yours. Well, that certainly makes things a little more difficult. Leonardo's new patron is quite the business man. Try to keep our hologram occupied. Make small talk. Improvise. (Tuvok takes the drink da Vinci is holding out.) Not yet. By having exactly what I want and selling it to me at a low price. I have a client who runs a colony about twenty parsecs from here. His computer is outmoded so I'm looking for a replacement. Verbal interface. Impressive. We should be looking for a stronghold or storage facility. Any place Tau might keep the stolen technology. He was a Renaissance man, Tuvok. Interpreted, reinterpreted, deconstructed, fantasised about all through history. Vasari thought he was an angel. Freud thought he had a problem with his mother. James T. Kirk claimed he met him, although the evidence is less than conclusive. Good morning, maestro. Did you sleep well? We'll work on two fronts. You go back to the ship. I'll stay on the surface and keep working with Leonardo. He has access to Tau and he knows the territory. This is Leonardo da Vinci we're talking about. Simulation or not, he's one of the greatest creative minds in Earth's history. We have an opportunity here, and I want to take advantage of it. (Tuvok takes his comm. badge from his pocket.) Back to the ship. No, not exactly. But they're nearby. It's not too far across open country. Leonardo says he's been there and he can help me get inside. Stand by for my signal. If I can find the processor, be prepared to beam it back to Voyager. My engineers have developed a defence against your transporter, so I suggest that you return what you took from us and let me go. He'll be fine. Let's move. (Janeway takes back her comm. badge and Tau's weapon.) You said you'd help me. We are leaving. Your time here is over. Your new world is a prison. You are under his control. You can't stay here forever, Leonardo. Europe is your home. Leonardo, whether you want to admit it or not they do need you back home. In Florence, Milan, Avignon, they need your genius, they need your heart. And right now I need you, too. So come on. Where's the entrance? Why not? No more lessons. I need to get into this building and I need to get into it now. Maestro, your Prince is going to come after us. The only escape is inside. No. There is a wondrous invention inside this building. It's called a computer processor. We can use it to send a beacon to the Portuguese ship, and they'll come and rescue us. Well, it's complicated, but trust me when I say it can send messages over great distances. All we have to do is find it and we will be rescued. But the question is, how do we get inside? So the bright light will be in the eyes of anyone who might attack. Not without a compass. This way. The Prince has done well for himself. Phasers, warp plasma injectors, a site-to-site transporter. Yes. Computer, do you recognise my voice? Well, that's a start. In a way, yes. Initiate a level four induction relay overload. Command override. Janeway pi one one zero. That's it. We wait for the Portuguese.  [Bridge] Trust me. (A guard shoots at them. They hide and the computer processor is beamed away without them. Another shot passes through da Vinci. Janeway goes This is an invention from another land. It's called a site to site transporter. In the blink of an eye, it can move us out of this building and a few kilometres away from here. Come on. Leonardo, you've always said that it's a poor apprentice who can't surpass her master. There are things in this world that I understand, and you don't. (Her tricorder interfaces with the transporter, and they are beamed away.) Neither. You said yourself this place was full of marvels. I'll explain later. We've got to keep moving. Let me ask you something. If you were something other than a human being. If you were a different kind of animal. If you were a small bird, a sparrow. What would your world be like? And you would know nothing of the politics of Florence, the cutting of marble or mathematics? But why not? As a sparrow your mind would be too small? Even with the best of teachers? And as a man, can you accept that there may be certain realities beyond the limits of your comprehension? Come on. I'm starting to wonder. Where are you, Chakotay? This could be a problem. You've made some improvements. And the angle of attack? The wing is stationary. That's good. This looks like duranium alloy. Should be light enough. Let's find out.  [Bridge] Andiamo.(It runs off the cliff and glides into the air.) Like the birds! Leonardo, where are you going? Are you sure that's a good idea? But the materials. You'll never find those metals in France. Leonardo, I think that little flight of ours went to your head. I was trying to encourage you. And now that you've actually flown? I'd like to find out. Give my regards to the king of France. It would be my pleasure.(They leave behind a drawing of a bird in a cage.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Sorry, sir. Fourteen point seven electron volts. Viewed from where? Gamma Orionis, or Bellatrix, if you prefer the original Arabic name. I wasn't expecting a pop quiz. How could they? I still have nightmares about your fractal calculus final. [2371 Corridor] Seven hundred thousand metric tons, fifteen decks, and computer systems augmented with bio-neural circuitry, top cruising speed warp nine point nine seven five. [2371 Turbolift] Of course, I expect to get that up another notch or two. I've been buried in Voyager's schematics for the past three months. I could walk the corridors blindfolded. As you were. It's bigger than I expected. Coffee? Coffee, black. Any word from Tuvok? Shouldn't he have made contact by now? Catching up with him in the Badlands is going to be tricky, even in a ship as quick and smart as Voyager. I've heard about a pilot who might make the job easier. Tom Paris. He's made some mistakes. But everybody deserves a second chance.  If it's not too late, I'd like to recalibrate the navigational sensors. I think I can enhance the range. Excuse us, Ensign. I like a ship that knows where it's going. (Seven of Nine moves away from the console. She has no visible Borg implants.) There's always room for improvement. I have. A few changes (muffled under music) [2371 Briefing room] Starfleet's most up to date vessel and they still can't design a comfortable place to hold a meeting. What do you think, Ensign? What's your opinion of this room? Well, there you have it, Admiral. It's efficient. I must be wrong. Carry on. [2371 Sickbay] The Emergency Medical Hologram. I'm up to date. Computer, activate EMH. Impressive. Its personality could use some work.  I wish Starfleet would give me more than three weeks. With a little more time we could really explore the Badlands.  Problem? Voyager's first malfunction. As you were, Lieutenant. I've been looking forward to getting my hands dirty. [2371 Jefferies tube]  This hatch is locked from the inside. I'm reading some kind of chronoton flux. It's coming from inside this Jefferies tube.  We can access section thirty nine through here. [2371 Jefferies tube] BRAXTON  Question, Admiral. What causes a chronoton flux of point zero zero three? Neither do I, but whoever or whatever it was, it's gone now. [Relativity transporter room] I'm sure it's nothing serious. Nausea, dizziness. That's odd. We haven't run into any turbulence. Even so, I've been on some pretty rough rides. It's never affected me like this I'll check the dampers. Double check your bio-readings. See if there's another explanation. [Mess hall]  Report. Cause? How much time do we have? Go to deck four and find out what we're dealing with. Let's see if we can find a way to enhance the forcefields. [Sickbay] Janeway to Sickbay. We've found the source of our epidemic. Temporal distortions. Keep me posted.  Coffee, black. (doorbell) Come in. Before you say anything, let me remind you what happens to bearers of bad news. Go ahead, fire. Paradoxes? Maybe that explains why this coffee tastes like it's three days old. I've been working on a way to enhance our containment fields, to keep the fractures from spreading, See to it. There's a temporal distortion intersecting this room. It's expanding. Beam it off the ship What kind of reading? Dry dock. The first time I saw these readings was five years ago. Voyager was still in dry dock. Same readings, same location. I never found out. All hands, this is the Captain. Proceed to the escape pods and abandon ship. Repeat, abandon ship. [Corridor] JANEWAY  Return fire. Evasive manoeuvres. Time? What kind of reading? I don't think so. I've seen these readings before. [2372 Jefferies tube] Dry dock. The first time I saw these readings was over two years ago when Voyager was in dry dock. Same readings, same location. I never found out. The signal vanished before we could isolate it. Erect a level ten forcefield around that section. Something tells me this is more than a coincidence. Seal off deck four. Tuvok, you're with me. [2372 Jefferies tube] I stand corrected. We have met. Utopia [Relativity] JANEWAY Was efficient. [Relativity] Oh, I don't think so. [Relativity] JANEWAY On the other side of the galaxy. Imagine that. Who are you, and what are you doing on my ship? [Relativity] Somehow, I don't find that very comforting. Are you working with the Kazon? Janeway to the bridge. Scan the vicinity for Borg ships. Do it. Then how did you get here? Then who are you? Why not? [2372 Corridor] You're from another time? Who sent you? [2372 Corridor] I don't care if history itself comes unravelled, I want to know [Relativity] JANEWAY So we've noticed. You're not going anywhere until you tell me what's happening.  Let's see if I've got this straight. You're a Borg drone attempting to prevent a disaster that won't occur for another three years? Does this make any sense to you? Lower the forcefield. Take the starboard hatch. Have we met? What events? Security, report to deck four, section twelve. Erect forcefields around all access points. Is this part of the tour? (Braxton runs into a forcefield. Seven can see him, but she is not well. He beams himself away.) [Relativity] SEVEN I don't believe we've met, Ensign. No, I'm wrong, we have met. Captain Braxton. Are you all right, Seven? Would you care to explain how you(Janeway is beamed away.) [Relativity]  The Timeship Relativity. Of course. I get the feeling I'm about to be drafted. Wait a minute, let me get this straight. I'm going back in time to stop Braxton. But you already have him. And Seven? All right. Let's get started before my headache gets any worse. [2372 Corridor] Use your best judgment. I have to take care of something first. Now get moving, Lieutenant. (She reaches the place where a crewman is lying in the corridor, and hides.)PAST Send damage control teams to decks nine through fourteen. Seal the breaches if you can. I'll be on the Bridge. Keep me informed. (Bun of Steel Janeway marches past.) Come here often? [Relativity] Glad we could lend a hand. When do we go home? Understood. See you in the twenty fourth century. Don't get started. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
How's he doing? That's our Harry. If I were you, I'd watch out for your job. Go ahead, Ensign.  You're in charge of the away mission, Ensign. What do you think? [Planet surface] Agreed. Give us a few minutes. [Planet surface]  How's our patient? Any theories as to what it might be? If there's another one down there, it might give us a few answers. I'll be in Astrometrics scanning the surface. Give our guest my regards. Maybe the second device was destroyed when it crashed. Scan for metallic particulates consistent with our friend in Engineering. Isolate. An impact crater. And look at this. Heavy concentrations of radiogenic decay in the crater walls. And the fracture gradients are consistent with a highly focused explosion. A weapon of mass destruction. [Briefing room] Agreed, We have to neutralise the threat now. Suggestions? Take the weapon offline but salvage the intelligence. Harry, B'Elanna, assist the Doctor. At the first sign of danger, we transport it off the ship. Understood? Talk to it, Doctor. [Sickbay]  B'Elanna, send an EM pulse through it's power matrix. Maybe you can short it out. [Sickbay] Security? Get a transporter lock on our people. We'll jettison the whole damn section if we have to. Doctor? Is that your home? We won't help you wage war. This crew has a Prime Directive that forbids us to interfere in the affairs of other species. We were trying to help you. Just your explosive components, not you. If you do that, you'll never reach your target, will you? Release my crewmen from Sickbay first. Lay in the course, Mister Paris. Transfer sensors to Sickbay. Assemble the staff. We're going to find a way to outsmart a And reinforced the shielding in this section. We won't be overheard. Charming. How do I get it off my ship? That's a generous offer. Mind if I ask what you expect in return? I'm not about to hand over a weapon of mass destruction to someone I just met. All right. You can have the weapon, as long as we keep the energy matrix. That way we can be sure no one ever deploys it. I'm sorry, it's not open for negotiation. I'm sorry to waste your time. We'll have to find another way to solve our problem. Bridge, report. We're under attack. One, off the port bow. We can't. Check your sensors. Our weapons are offline. [Bridge] Remodulate the shields. That wasn't necessary. That means getting you into Sickbay without arousing suspicion. How much time would you need? Run a long range scan on that subspace minefield it warned us about. Calculate their explosive yield, what kind of damage they might do to the ship. I have a feeling we're about to run into some unexpected trouble. (A fleet of warheads just like the one on board detects Voyager. They go to warp.) [Briefing room] We've run into a subspace mine. We had to drop out of warp. We're plotting a new course to avoid them. [Sickbay] I'm still going to have to reduce speed. [Sickbay]  Maintain course, Mister Paris. One quarter impulse. Think he bought it? Let's give him another good shake, just to be sure. Acknowledged. [Bridge]  Janeway to Neelix. Casualty report. [Mess hall] Good work. Stand by. [Bridge]  Time to hit another mine, Tom a big one. Commander, blow out the plasma relays on deck six. [Sickbay] JANEWAY  That's going to be difficult. Our Astrometrics officer has been injured. She's the one who's been guiding us through the minefield. [Sickbay]  Seven of Nine's abilities are unique. We're not going to get past [Sickbay] JANEWAY  She has third degree plasma burns. She needs to go to Sickbay to be treated. If you want to reach your target you're going to have to wait. [Sickbay]  Janeway to Neelix. Go. [Sickbay]  We took damage to our secondary systems. [Sickbay]  Stand by. [Sickbay] We've tried to reason with you. You left me no choice.  No deal. [Sickbay]  Go ahead. Do it. [Sickbay]  But no one else will. On screen. (It is the fleet of bombs. They surround Voyager.) Bridge to Sickbay. We've got company. Thirty two [Sickbay] JANEWAY Mister Kim, reintegrate its neural matrix, and [Sickbay] JANEWAY Explain.  Harry, what are you talking about?  Do what Harry says or you're not leaving this ship. If you detonate now, you'll destroy yourself and your companions. Is that what you want? [Sickbay] Harry, what's going on?  I hear you loud and clear, Ensign. Do it. [Sickbay] Maintain long range sensors. (The bomb detonates, starting a chain reaction.) Bridge to Ensign Kim. The weapons have been destroyed. [Doctor's office]
Report. On screen. There's nothing out there. Red alert. Janeway to Astrometrics. Use the Astrometrics sensors to scan for the disturbance. [Astrometrics lab] Source? Evasive manoeuvres. Let's hear it. (A woman's voice.) Beam her directly to Sickbay. Do it. How is she? Did you find out how she knows you? Slow down a minute. I have a few questions first. Who are you, and how do you know my First Officer? We won't turn you over to anyone without knowing the whole story. Chakotay. I want you to stay with her. She seems to trust you. Maybe you'll be able to find out what this is all about. Keep me informed. (Janeway leaves.) But why? Why go to that trouble? And what about the battle with that other cloaked ship? She put herself in danger, when it would have been a lot easier simply to ask for asylum. Gentlemen. I agree we should take precautions, but you seem very suspicious of her. I agree. If we grant her asylum, we'll be in the position of having to protect her. If we're going to commit to that, we should certainly find out if she's telling the truth. I'd appreciate your thoughts on that. Chakotay and Kellin, report to the bridge immediately. We don't detect any ships. I'm assuming these are your people in cloaked vessels. Harry, hail them. Match shields to the frequency of their particle beams. Do you still want to stay with us? All right. Tom, get us our of here. Do it. This is the moment, Chakotay. Either we give her up or we fire back. Which one is it? Harry. Can we get them on screen? Tuvok, target their weapons systems. Well done. Stand down Red alert. Well, it seems we've granted you asylum. Now you'll have to give some thought to what you want to do. Consider that carefully. We're headed for the Alpha Quadrant. Before long, we will be so far from your world that if you change your mind, you wouldn't be able to get back. Nothing we haven't faced before. You'll need a command officer with you to override the security lock-outs. Go ahead. Tom, coordinate with Engineering to get the propulsion systems back online.
Now you tell me. You go for authenticity and what do you get? Word travels fast on this ship, hmm? A major detour for a minor nebula. Permission granted. (The replicator beeps.)JANEWAY: Main course. A recipe I've never tried. But we are explorers, remember. [Cargo Bay two]  I'm picking up some interesting graviton fluctuations about ten light years away. Not at this distance. Tom, alter course. I want to take a closer look. He'll have to wait. (Torres and Seven enter.) And how did you arrive at this theory? Go on. Take us out of warp. On screen. (Artificial structures.) On screen. (A thin faced saurian with a long bony protruberance all the way up the middle of his face from his nose.) Your apparatus appears to be destabilising. I didn't, but we're from a planet called Earth. Maybe we can help you with that power core. We're not asking for anything in return. If you're successful, and if I'm satisfied a jump would be safe for Voyager, then we'll take you up on that offer. Thank you. Let's get started.(Seven has another night downloading lots of information into her brain, including the catapult schematics.) [Janeway's quarters]  Good morning. I scanned the catapult myself. Sensors didn't pick up anything unusual. You spent the night in your new alcove. Unusual, but not unheard of. He didn't want us to send over a repair team. The first time we met a Caretaker, we were pulled halfway across the galaxy. The second time we were almost killed. I'm not eager for a third round. [Engineering] Thank you, Doctor. There's a tetryon reactor powering your catapult. You didn't want us to find it, did you? Unless you answer my questions, I'll resume course and you can ask somebody else for help. We made an agreement to cooperate. I see no reason not to continue. (to Torres) Keep me informed on your progress. (She walks away with Seven.) JANEWAY: That reactor had to come from somewhere. I can't just ignore the possibility of a Caretaker nearby. Keep scanning. See what you can find. That's a long shot, Seven. And one of the reactors survived? We scanned for debris. There was nothing left but some fused pieces of metal alloy. In case we were mistaken? Go right ahead. [Astrometrics lab] On screen. My pleasure. How long before we can expect to hear from him? Can you clear it up? Are you all right? Get that data down to B'Elanna. Tell her to enhance our shields. I want to run a few more tests, launch some probes, but if it all checks out I see no reason not to. Go ahead. I'm on my way. [Astrometrics lab] Seven? Did Chakotay put you up to this? Go on. Chakotay gave up his allegiance to the Maquis a long time ago. What you're saying makes no sense. A Cardassian warship. Well, I commend you for your imagination, but Tuvok was a spy on Chakotay's ship. If your theory were true, he would have known about it. That's not possible, Seven. Circumstantial evidence, not proof. Tuvok. Tricobalt devices. I'd be willing to consider this theory of yours if I didn't know Chakotay as well as I do. There is no one on this ship I trust more. What you've done here is build what we call a house of cards. I detected the same thing. You think it's the enhanced alcove. Let's take a look. Are phasers standard equipment on board now? The data buffer's been activated. You should be careful. Somebody might think you were trying to delete a few files. Some of those files could contain sensitive information. That catapult out there, it's a powerful piece of technology. If the Maquis ever had access to something like it, they might have been successful. What are you talking about? My only mission is trying to get Voyager home. She showed me the same thing, but she implicated you in some kind of Maquis plot. It all started with those damn photonic fleas. She was downloading Voyager's database. Go ahead, Harry. Set a pursuit course. I'm glad we got that settled. Chakotay, let's keep this one out of our logs, huh? Maintain pursuit. Open a channel. Target her propulsion and weapons. Fire. (The phaser beams miss by miles.) Keep trying. Report.  Understood. Beam me onto the Delta Flyer. No. I have a better chance of getting through to her alone. Is it part of yours? Energise. [Delta Flyer] Turn this ship around. That's an order. There is no conspiracy. There is no Maquis rebellion. The Federation isn't planning to invade the Delta Quadrant. And what's that? You're right, Seven. There is a conspiracy here. But I believe it's a conspiracy of one. I've got a theory of my own. Your modified alcove threw your synaptic patterns into chaos and your mind can't make sense of all the information, so you're generating theory after theory in an attempt to bring order to that chaos. What about you? You're not a drone anymore. You can't always predict how Borg technology will affect you. You should be in Sickbay, not behind that forcefield. Let me help you. Of course you don't. Anything I say gets woven into your paranoid conspiracies. But you should believe me, Seven, because I've never lied to you, and I'm not lying to you now. You have to put your doubts aside and trust me. Stardate 51030, Seven of Nine is severed from the hive mind. The Captain tells her not to resist, that she'll learn to accept her humanity. Seven complies, and slowly begins to embrace her individuality. Does she regret that decision? Stardate 51652, the Captain encourages Seven to develop her social skills. Seven insists it's a waste of time, but after further requests she pursues it, and begins to develop her first human friendships. Did Janeway lead her astray? Stardate 52840, the Captain orders Seven to study her parents' journals. Seven claims they're irrelevant, but eventually she reads them and rediscovers part of her own past. Stardate 52841, for the first time, Seven tells the Captain thank you. My mistake. Stardate today, Janeway beams aboard the Delta Flyer. She reminds Seven of the bond that's grown between them. Seven lowers the forcefield and she decides to come home. All I'm asking is First Officer walked the plank. So I heard. Me neither. You're right. We've been through too much to stop trusting each other. Not any more than I usually do. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 I read B'Elanna's report. Needless to say, I was surprised. That's not the point. This is a starship, not a nature preserve. Oh, I'm missing a pip. I'm not questioning your goals, Seven. It's your methods. You shouldn't be taking field notes on the crew. Help me with this, will So why'd you collect thirty thousand gigaquads of information on the subject? I'm late. [Corridor]  I missed this on my first pass through their database. Kadi monks only wash with purified water, so sonic showers are out. Show the ambassador our best side, Neelix. I don't want him going back to his superiors with tales of how immoral we are. [Transporter room] Travellers who have left the sanctity of their home and family, we welcome you into our home, our family. Commander Tuvok, the senior officer who will accompany me, and Mister Neelix, who will familiarise your Ambassador with Voyager. He's in very good hands. Good to be home. How's it going? I was referring to Ambassador Tomin. Did he enjoy his visit? By all means. Good work, Ambassador. [Cargo Bay two]
We're just glad that Rebi and Azan will have a chance to grow up with their own people, and that you've been kind enough to let Mezoti join them. Energise. [Corridor]  You lost consciousness in the mess hall. Your body's begun to reject your implants. You'll have to stay here for observation. Would you excuse us, please? (The EMH leaves them.) JANEWAY: I'm sorry for what's happening. You have every right to be angry, but that isn't going to help us solve this problem. Suppose it doesn't, for the sake of argument. Is it possible to replicate a new one? What if this had happened when you were part of the Collective? How would the Borg have repaired the damage?  Harry, we passed a Borg debris field six or seven days ago just outside the Yontasa Expanse. See if you can find it on long range sensors. Seven needs a new cortical node. It's a risk I'm willing to take. Transmit the coordinates to the Flyer. You have the bridge, Commander. I intend to bring it back in one piece this time. Well then, gentlemen, I guess you're with me. [Corridor] I'll meet you in the shuttlebay. (Tuvok and Paris go on ahead.) Just a few minutes ago. Of what? Request? Obviously, no one's told you. Seven isn't well. Her cortical node is failing. Not if we find a new node. We're on our way to search a Borg debris field. I appreciate the offer, but it's too dangerous. I'm not willing to let you. I'll let you know how we did as soon as we're back. Don't worry. [Sickbay] Looks like there's still a breathable atmosphere inside. Any sign of any active Borg ships in the vicinity? That could change in a hurry. Run continuous scans.  Delta Flyer, respond. Drones? Captain Kathryn Janeway of the starship Voyager. We weren't aware of that. A cortical node. We need it to save one of my crew. Put down your weapons and I'll consider not activating this laser scalpel. (He breaks her hold. Tuvok shoots his companions, but is shot himself. Janeway grabs the medkit and rifle just as they are beamed out. The alien's weapon fire goes straight through her.) [Delta Flyer] Aye, sir. (Paris loops around a hunk of debris and gets behind them. Janeway fires phasers.) Janeway to the Doctor. We're back and we have the node. (Seven is in the surgical bay, unconscious. She is covered only by a sheet. The skin over her node has been removed. Paris is acting as scrub Understood. Done. Vital functions are stable. Twenty seconds. The computer can't maintain her cortical functions much longer. Her neural relays are going to destabilise in ten seconds, nine. Something's wrong. No effect. Increase the pulse. Thirty millijoules. (The EMH removes the node.)  Why did you stop? Run it again. Then we'll find one that hasn't. [Corridor] Who said anything about a dead drone? We've infiltrated Borg vessels before. If that's what it's going to take to save Seven, we'll do it again. I'm not giving up on her. According to the simulations, the salvaged node isn't going to work. I'm sorry. I'm afraid I have to defer to the Doctor. Too dusty. I've always preferred farm country myself. (Seven changes the image.) So, what do you think? When we get to Earth I'll take you there. You don't know that. Are you giving up? If I'd accepted reality six years ago, I'd have settled on the first M class planet we came across. Instead, I'm thirty thousand light years closer to Bloomington, Indiana. Is there a point to this? That's presumptuous. Which is? And you've come a long way. Is that what you think? That you haven't lived up to my expectations? You haven't failed, Seven. You've exceeded my expectations. You've become an individual. An extraordinary individual. If I'm having trouble accepting your condition, it's only because I don't want to lose a friend.  It would be a complicated procedure. But you believe it'll work. What sort of precautions I have to respect her wishes. I want to help her just as much as you do. Icheb doesn't seem to have grasped the chain of command yet.  Icheb? (Icheb is in his alcove, twitching.) How? Can you reconnect them? How could you do this? Icheb decided to perform a little operation on himself. Whenever we can. He's right. I don't think he is. Not anymore. The good news is, they have.
 What about the impulse upgrades? Environmental control? Too bad we can't just keep the windows open. How long until the warp drive is back online? You're sure you can't get it done any faster? I know this ship has been through a lot, but you told me this would only take a few days. I agree. Until we get underway again, he's assigned to you. With him on your team, maybe you'll get this job done a little faster. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]  I apologise for the state of my ship. We weren't expecting company. One of the best in the fleet, but it could use a new set of deuterium injectors. Zeolitic ore. We mined several tons of it from an asteroid field. It's high-grade, easy to refine. Hello, Harry. Of course. Why wouldn't it be? [Kraylor ship - Bridge]  I appreciate your concern, but there's nothing to worry about. We've made some new friends, that's all. When can we expect you back? [Kraylor ship - Bridge] Nothing serious, I hope. Good. [Bridge]  Any luck finding dilithium? I'll tell the other teams to keep looking. See you soon, Ensign. Really? [Kraylor ship - Bridge] We didn't expect you so soon. I hope you understand, I need to give this some thought. That doesn't justify getting involved in somebody else's fight. Probably exactly what you did. If this were simply an errand of mercy I wouldn't hesitate, but the fact is, these people are involved in an interplanetary war. You've only heard one side of the story. Those were different circumstances. Have you thought about applying to the Advocate General's office? You'd make a good lawyer. I suppose I could spare Chakotay or Tuvok for a few days. I'm sure they'd find Tuvok or Chakotay just as trustworthy. Your mission? You've been in command on Voyager before. If this is your way of bucking for a promotion You're pretty sure of yourself, aren't you? I expect you back before we complete our repairs. And I'm not sending you alone. I want you to take Seven. Since she has no rank, you clearly outrank her. [Doctor's office] Acknowledged. Good luck. On screen. Captain Geral, we have twelve isotons of ore for you. You must be mistaken. I can explain that. Our warp drive is still being repaired. We'll go looking for them, as soon as we get rid of our escort. [Kraylor ship - Bridge] Bring the long range sensors online. You and Tom, take the Flyer. Start your search at Harry's last known position. Tuvok, send an encrypted message to the Kraylor homeworld. See if they know where Harry and Seven are. From where?
I've been summoned. Any guesses what this is about? A ship. What's special about it? It must be on a deep space mission. We don't have much time. Get it done, Chakotay.(Chakotay leaves. Later, as Voyager hangs still in space -) SEVEN: Seven of Nine to Ensign Kim. Seven, how much longer do we have? Open a channel. Starfleet vessel, this is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the starship Voyager. We are in the Delta Quadrant, at coordinates one eight, mark two oh five, mark four seven. Remodulate your signal to match our interlink frequency. Let's hear it. Starship Voyager. We're in the Bridge to Seven. What went wrong? [Astrometrics lab] Do it. The Doctor. Bring him to Astrometrics and I'll meet you there. We don't have much time. [Medical lab] You may be our only chance to communicate with that ship. When you've completed your mission, instruct them to move within range of the sensor network. With any luck, they can send you back the same way you came. I won't lie to you, doctor. A lot of things could go wrong. We're relying on an alien technology to send you across thousands of light years. Yes. I'm asking you to take that chance. Good luck, Doctor. Letters home. I started them a year ago. One to my family, one to Mark. I'm making a few updates, just in case. I know. It's premature. I apologise for our intrusion. Allow me to explain. Your relay network gave us the unique opportunity to communicate with our people. They are very far away and we're expecting a message back from them. There must be some room for negotiation. Isn't there anything And when he does? Is the sensor link stable? Keep watching for the Doctor. Let me know if our friend gives us any more trouble. You completed the mission? Sixty thousand light years seems a little closer today. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Voyager to shuttlecraft Drake. Prepare for emergency transport. Mister Kim, can you hear me? We're attempting to lock on to you. Harry? Harry, we need you to drop your shields. Lieutenant. He's just out of reach. B'Elanna, can you tie the transporter directly into the main deflector dish? Use it to extend the signal? Mister Chakotay, analyse the sensor logs. I want to know what happened out there. Voyager to Transporter room two. Are you all right, Mister Kim? Yes, he's here. Why? I look forward to hearing it. I'll be in my Ready room. (A little later, Kim enters.)
Do any of those rumours describe them as hostile? That's something. Deck four. My diplomacy professor used to say the opening twenty minutes of a first contact situation are the most crucial. Sometimes you have to go in blind. That's the exciting part. When I was a science officer I always envied the Captain's privilege of making first contact with new races. [Corridor] Energise. (Three figures in veils and drab clothes are beamed aboard.) I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway. I'd like to welcome you aboard the Federation Starship Voyager. It's very gracious of you to agree to meet with us. I'd be glad to tell you all about our journey and my crew. Perhaps you'd like to see more of our ship as well. Our warp core is designed to operate for up to three years before refuelling. I'm sorry my Chief Engineer isn't here to meet you. She's leading one of the away teams surveying the moons around Drayan. Not as an end in itself. The purpose of all this is to help up gain knowledge about the universe and the people in it. The Federation consists of over one hundred and fifty different worlds who have agreed to share their knowledge and resources in peaceful cooperation. This is First Prelate Alcia of Drayan Two. You may be even more interested to learn that this man isn't really a biological lifeform. He's a computer generated holographic projection. One of our greatest philosophers, Plato, wrote that what we see around us are only poor shadows of ideal objects which exist on a higher plane. Patch it through on a secure channel to the Doctor's office, Mister Kim. Our next step will be to open negotiations. Find out what they might be interested in getting from us in exchange for the polyferranide. Is there anything we can do to help? We'd been hoping to learn more about you. No. She made her wishes clear. If we're not welcome, we'll go. Recall the scouting parties. We'll have to find our polyferranide somewhere else. [Drayan moon] When was your last contact with the other team? We can't reach them. Can you find the shuttle's ion signature? Set a course, Mister Paris. (Later, they join a Drayan ship in orbit.) Are you sure our signal's getting through. Continue hails. I'm sorry, I don't understand. We've only come here to look for one of our shuttles. It's missing. There were two men on board. Did you find both of them? That's what we intend to do. There's no one at fault here. The shuttle crash was an accident. What's the status of the transporters? No, that would only make things worse. Have you found the shuttle? Then we've got to start considering other options. I want a full analysis of the atmospheric conditions, and your best suggestion of how to get a shuttle to the surface. Then let's hope we don't need to try it. [Shuttle] We read you, Tuvok. Are you all right? We know. we've been trying to get you off the surface but we're having some trouble with the Drayans. They insist on sending their own search parties. Why? Tuvok, what happened to the other children? Scan Tuvok's shuttle for damage. Will he be able to get himself out of there? Hail the Drayan ship. First Prelate. It's come to my attention that you have a damaged ship on the surface as well, and there may be survivors. I'd like to offer our help in finding them. Perhaps a joint rescue operation? Our sensor readings indicate the people on the surface may be in trouble. I'm sure you must be as concerned for their safety as we are. Then I regret to inform you I'll be taking a shuttle to the surface without your permission. I believe it's necessary. First Prelate, it's not my intention to provoke a conflict. I'll be glad to, as soon as every member of my crew is safely back on board this ship. Janeway out. Lieutenant, you're with me. Mister Kim, I need your report. I know the risks, Commander, but if there's any hope left for a diplomatic solution, I've got to be down there to see it through. [Shuttlecraft] All propulsion systems are nominal. I think we've got all the basics. Computer, initial cold launch sequence. Definitely not recommended, but sometimes necessary. Janeway to Bridge. Depressurise the shuttle bay and open the space doors. Can we out run them? We're on their home turf. They have every advantage. That may be reason enough for them not to fire on us. Raise shields to maximum and stand ready to power the weapons. [Shuttle] They haven't powered their weapons systems. Maybe they're still willing to talk. Sensors are clearing up. I'm reading Tuvok's shuttle. He's trying to lift off but it looks like there's some trouble with the thrusters, and there's a large Drayan search party approaching his location. [Shuttle] Don't fire. We might be able to transport Tuvok from here. There's still too much interference. Tuvok, we're on our way to the surface. We'll intercept you in a few moments. Go back down to the surface. We'll follow you.  [Drayan moon] I regret it's come to this. This child wants to live. We're going to do whatever we can to help her. Why was it so important that Tressa stay here? I hope you can accept my sincere apologies for disturbing your traditions. I would hate to let that ruin any possibility of friendship between our people.
Janeway to the Doctor. We have a medical emergency. Report to sickbay. Do you know why they attacked you? Tuvok, send a message on all subspace bands. I want to find out why my people were attacked. I'll ask Neelix if he knows anything about these people. Doctor, keep me posted. I'd guess it's a language so unlike ours that the universal translator can't interpret it. Harry, remodulate the translator, see if we can decipher those sounds. Neelix, what can you tell us? I'm not going to tell this crew we're adding another fifteen months to this journey. We'll have to find another option. Precisely. No, it wouldn't. We're a long way from starfleet, Lieutenant. I'm not about to waste 15 months because we've run into a bunch of bullies. Go ahead, Doctor. Very good, Doctor. Keep me informed. All right, I want a plan for crossing that border as quickly and as quietly as possible. We'll reconvene in an hour. Dismissed.  [Sickbay] We knew the Doctor was never designed to be up and running as much as he has been, but I thought you programmed safety buffers so his circuits wouldn't degrade? In other words, he'd forget everything that's happened to him over the past two years. Doctor, how do you feel about that? If a crewmember came down with a debilitating illness you'd do everything in your power to make them well again. I think we owe you nothing less. Let's hear it. Not bad. Good work. Helm, set a course for the border. Bridge to Torres. We're approaching the border. We need your help in engineering. All set Mister Kim? Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, are you ready to reconfigure the shields  [Engineering] JANEWAY On screen. Magnify. All right, let's get through that sensor net. Harry, go. How about those ships? All right, let's get through this as fast as we can. Mister Paris, what's your recommendation? Mister Tuvok, keep your eye on those ships. If they so much as twitch I want to know it. What do you mean? Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, can you compensate  [Engineering] JANEWAY Keep me posted. Hold our present speed, Mister Paris.  [Holodeck - Jupiter Station] What's the status of those ships, Mister Tuvok? When I was in high school I snuck out of the house a couple of times late at night. Had to tiptoe past my parents bedroom. That's kind of how I feel right now. I'll have to leave that to your imagination, Lieutenant. Drop out of warp. Put it on screen. Any life signs? Transporter room one, beam the survivor to sickbay. Harry, start scanning that ship. See if you can figure out what happened to it. Can I talk to him? I'm Kathryn Janeway, the Captain of this ship. Can you hear me? Can you tell me what happened? Who attacked you? Did they use neuro-electric weapons? Had you provoked them in any way? I'm sorry, you're the only survivor. This woman is trying to regenerate your motor neurons. I'll make a point of it. I agree, but I can't spare B'Elanna now. We have to get through this space before we're attacked like his ship was. As soon as it's possible I'll break her free. The only thing I can think of is to keep his neural pathways active. Ask him questions, keep him thinking, force him to use his neural matrix. It might at least slow down the degradation. The pilot of the freighter died. We should keep going. Mister Paris, warp Hail them. Harry, how are you coming with the universal translator? Let's see if they might be able to understand us. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We only want to proceed peacefully through this region of space. Could be, but what they're trying to communicate is another question. Any progress, Harry? Report. So it scanned us, sent out a polaron burst that caused no damage and then took off. That means if anyone wanted to find us it's a lot easier now. Do what you can, Tom. We have a head start, we might be able to outrun them. Bridge to Engineering. How are you coming with the warp  [Engineering] JANEWAY We can't shut down. The alien ships are headed towards us. Do the best you can. Janeway out.  [Engineering] Battle stations. Do you have any idea what kind of weapon systems they use? Arm all phaser banks. Kes, what is it? I'm sorry Kes, but we're in the middle of something here and I need every hand at their posts. All right, that's enough. Tuvok, give them a phaser sweep with the forward array. Don't destroy any of them, just let them know we're not going to sit here like ducks. What was that? Harry, start analysing those interferometric pulses. See if there's any pattern, any code to them. We might be able to find a weakness. All right, here's what we're going to do. Turn those pulses right back on them. Tuvok, lock phasers on their nearest ship. If we can destroy one of them, there's every chance the interferometric pulse that links them together will cause a chain reaction. Harry, modulate our shields to an inverse harmonic of the pulse. That should allow the phasers to hit the ship. Tuvok! Harry! Do it! Good work every one. Now let's get out of here.  [Sickbay]
That would be lovely. Thank you. I'll be sure to be prompt. Mrs Templeton, I have no wish to do anything that might disrupt this household but let me make something perfectly clear. I've been hired by Lord Burleigh, and it's his orders I will follow, not yours. I suggest we try to get along, Mrs Templeton. Surely there's room here for both of us? Two, please. I'm sorry. I didn't here you come in. I understand. I'll certainly try, your Grace. Go ahead, Mister Kim. Life signs? Beam them to Sickbay as soon as they're in range. I'm on my way. Doctor. Extracted? What happened, Lieutenant? Any idea why? And the alien ship? Why would someone want to extract his bioneural energy? We're going back to that nebula to try to find the ship that attacked you. Janeway to Bridge. Prepare to lay in a new course. Mister Tuvok will provide you with the coordinates. We'll keep you posted, Doctor. [Bridge] Lieutenant Torres is in Sickbay now. When she reports, tell her to go over those damaged sensor logs with a fine tooth comb to see if she can reconstruct any of the data. Well, this is going to make things a little more difficult. I've been using the long range sensors to analyze the nebula you discovered. It's sending out strong electromagnetic radiation. We won't be able to scan inside it. You know, it sounds to me like a perfect hiding place. I don't like the idea of going in there blind. Let me see if I can reconfigure the sensors to a multiphasic bandwidth. I've lost all sensor contact with the nebula. I don't understand. Wait a minute, we've altered course. Mister Paris? Mister Kim, check the navigational computer. Who ordered the course change? Ensign, transfer helm control to your station and reset our original course. Mister Paris, I want you to run a full diagnostic on the conn station. See if you can isolate the problem. We just changed course again. Mister Kim? Get us back on course. From where? See if you can re-establish control. (Paris enters.) It seems we've developed a new problem while you were gone. Get us back on course for the nebula. Janeway to Torres. Who's in the navigational control? Are you certain about that, B'Elanna? Janeway out. Explanation, Mister Paris? Well, I'm willing to rule out mutiny for time being. I believe you, Mister Paris, but we have to consider the possibility that you might be having a problem with your memory. I want you to go down to Sickbay. Have the doctor check you out. Lieutenant Durst. (Durst escorts Paris out.) [Sickbay] These planetoids inside the nebula, they may be generating a dangerous gravitational effect, like storm currents. Chances are they've mapped those currents and they're taking the only safe way through. Agreed. Lay in a course to the (The lights go out.) Bridge to Engineering. Report. Lieutenant Torres, please respond. Mister Kim, take the Bridge. Tuvok, you're with me. [Engineering] Torres, what's going on? You've initiated an emergency warp core shutdown. Too late. The warp core is offline. It'll take at least two hours to regenerate the dilithium matrix. Ensign, get the rest of the systems back online. Apparently, you've just crashed the main computer, locked out the Bridge and stopped this ship cold. Do you want to tell me why? What the hell is going on here? [Sickbay] Doctor, what are you saying? If we're right and there is an alien here, it seems intent on preventing us from going back to the nebula. What's more, it seems to have the ability to jump from person to person. If that's true, it could be in any one of us, controlling our actions without us realising it. Which means the doctor is the only person on board we can trust at this moment. Doctor, until we have eliminated this alien presence, I can't take the risk that it could take over any of the senior officers. I'd like to transfer all command codes to you until further notice. No, but you will act as a failsafe. If you feel at any time that any one of us are under the influence of the alien, you can countermand our orders and take control of the ship. Do you feel up to it? Computer, transfer all command codes to the holographic doctor. Authorisation Janeway eight four one alpha six five. Let's see if we can get the warp core back online ahead of schedule. Do you know where? Very well. Proceed, Mister Tuvok. (Elsewhere.) Perhaps, but that discharge had to come from somewhere. What do you suggest? Mister Kim, what were you doing just now? I'm very disturbed by what just happened here. We don't have any idea what occurs when someone is occupied by this alien presence. If we start pointing a finger every time someone gets distracted, it won't be long before outright paranoia starts sweeping the ship. Tuvok, B'Elanna, I want you to get started on that magneton flash scan. It's worth a try. Dismissed. [Sickbay] (The EMH is checking on Kes.) Come in. Make a ship-wide announcement before you initiate the scan. Assaulted? But you weren't physically assaulted. Is it possible that you inflicted her wounds? Maybe you were inhabited by the alien at that moment. Agreed. Janeway to Sickbay. Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic System. Disabled? By whom? The Doctor's initialisation routine has been locked out. It's encrypted. I can't reactivate the programme. Why would someone deactivate the Doctor? Yes, but once he was deactivated the codes automatically reverted back to me. Me. It's too dangerous for one person to retain the command codes at this point. I suggest we divide my command protocols into two code groupings. You would be the reasonable choice to hold the second grouping, if there's any such thing as a reasonable choice right now. The alien could occupy either one of us at any time. I'll tell the bridge crew the plan. We'll all have to act as checks and balances for each other. [Bridge] (The thing is watching from above.) I want you all to be aware of something that has happened, something I must assume was due to the alien. The Doctor has been deactivated, and we can't get him back online. I have decided to divide my command protocols. Thank you, Mister Paris. I feel better already. Any luck getting the Doctor back online? How long is it going to take? Go ahead. I'm on my way. Mister Paris, you're our temporary medic until the Doctor returns. Ensign, I need you on the Bridge. [Engineering] No ship? Why would Tuvok lie about an attack? Acknowledged. How long until the magneton flash scan is ready to go? When it's ready, transfer control of the scan to the Bridge. In the meantime, I think we should take a look at exactly what it is we're not supposed to see. [Bridge] Mister Tuvok, can you locate the ion trail of the alien ship that attacked you? Lieutenant? Perhaps so, but then, why does it keep attacking you? In three separate instances now, it's assaulted you. So far, you've posed no greater threat than anyone else, and yet it keeps going after you. Maybe, but I don't think it's paranoia that's keeping me from picking up this ion trail of yours. What bandwidth are you on? Yes, here it is. A very interesting ion trail. There's no sign of any subspace distortions in its wake. According to these readings, it's a ship without engines. You're lying, Tuvok. There is no alien ship, and there never was. We're not going inside that nebula until we get some answers. Mister Kim, reverse course and Don't do it, Harry. Life forms. (to Tuvok) Those beings out there, are they your people? What's happening? Acknowledged, Lieutenant. Stand by. Wait a minute. Lieutenant Torres isn't authorised to eject the warp core on her own. That requires a command code authorisation. Computer, who authorised the ejection of the warp core? Chakotay. The alien in Tuvok wants us in that nebula, but there's another presence that's been trying to keep us out. It doesn't make sense, unless it's Chakotay and he knows we'll be in danger if we go in there. Maybe not. Maybe his neural energy was displaced somehow and he's able to move from person to person. You brought us here, for what? To extract our neural energy? You don't have to do this. Maybe we can help you find another source of energy. The magneton scan identified the entity before it left the ship. It was a trianic-based energy being. Come about. Maybe if we reverse course, we can just backtrack. Mister Kim, maybe you can reconstruct Tuvok's navigational logs. Go ahead. If it's Chakotay, maybe he's trying to tell us something. Mister Kim, activate Sickbay visual relay sixteen and put it on the view screen. What is it? What does it mean? Is it a code, a message? Computer, overlay a star map of the nebula on the current viewscreen image. Mister Kim, lay in a course that takes us along a line connecting those three planetoids. Engage. (It is a bumpy ride.) Mister Kim, report. Bridge to Torres. Transfer all remaining power to the thrusters, including life support. Did it work? What happened, Commander? And when the shuttle returned to Voyager you were still disembodied? Good job, Commander, and welcome back.
Apparently, the standard penalty for your infraction is a three day course in flight safety, followed by a test. Actually, while you were completing your mission, Seven was invited to a four day conference. I decided to give the entire crew shore leave. It'll give you plenty of time to brush up on your piloting skills. Apparently the authorities disagree. You may not have known the Ledosians’ rules, but you know ours. Comply with local law. Understood?  Problem? Anything on sensors? Nothing else? No lifesigns? That’s awfully low for something to be in orbit. Why didn’t they see it? If all you found was a wing, maybe the rest of the shuttle made it through the barrier. Hail the Ledosian ambassador. [Bridge] AMBASSADOR He must have altered his route for some reason. We’re not assuming they’re dead. They’re resourceful people. Can you tell us anything about the barrier? Then the area’s habitable. If you lowered the barrier, we could scan for our people’s lifesigns. Why not? From whom? Earth went through its dark periods too, Ambassador. Would you have any objections if we tried to lower the barrier, just to scan for our people? You think the Borg erected it? If Seven were here, she might be able to figure out a way to get through it. Seven and Chakotay might have used them to penetrate the barrier for some reason. What sort of risk? Can we divert any more power to the shields? Cease fire. I’m open to suggestions. What about feedback? Do it. [Rocky Rise] I thought you were still reconfiguring the torpedo. Harry, scan for lifesigns. Open a channel. Janeway to Seven. [Rocky Rise] JANEWAY Stand by for transport. Is there a problem? Do you need the Doctor? Acknowledged. Captain's log, supplemental. Seven has remained on the surface to tend to the injured Ventu girl, while Chakotay is being treated in Sickbay. [Sickbay] You did what you had to do to get out of there. Agreed. [Cave] (The girl wakes up.) Then what do you think we should do? It’s not like you to be on the fence. A short-lived opportunity, I’m afraid. After I transport our deflector back to Voyager, the energy barrier will go back up. I’m not trying to do that, but we have a strict policy about leaving our technology in the hands of other cultures. It often has damaging consequences. I understand this is disappointing for you, but I’m afraid I have no choice. We’re eager to resume course. Would an hour be enough time to evacuate your people? What is it? Shields! Get a weapons lock and hail them. What's going on? And that justifies an unprovoked attack? I don’t find weapons fire of any kind restrained. Take us out of orbit. Is Tom still in the Flyer? Hail him. [Delta Flyer] Janeway to Paris. Respond. I’m sorry [Bridge] But something’s come up. Tom, I’m sending you some encrypted orders. [Delta Flyer] Give him some help, Mister Tuvok.(Voyager drives off the Ledosian ship.) [Delta Flyer] (Paris beams the Ledosian expedition party aboard.)  You'd better get out of there, Tom.
Lieutenant Barclay? It's nice to meet you, Reg. Sensors detected it a few days ago. Our shields are useless against geodesic radiation. We toyed with the idea of opening a fold ourselves, but it didn't take us long to realise we wouldn't survive the trip. What about last month's datastream? Why didn't we receive it? If we were to attempt this, you'd need access to areas of this ship that aren't equipped with holo-emitters. Computer, transfer the Barclay hologram to the mobile emitter. Excuse us, Doctor. Reg has prepared a list of assignments. I expect you to give him your full cooperation. Keep us posted. I'd like to send Lieutenant Barclay a little thank you note for all his hard work. Greetings from the Delta Quadrant, Lieutenant. You'll be happy to know that your hologram reached us safely. And we've begun to implement Starfleet's. (Fast forward.)  I don't think I quite understand the problem, Doctor. You should hear his Tuvok. It's eerie. What do you want me to do, deactivate him? I haven't seen any evidence of that. I know the real Barclay is a friend of yours, and I'm sorry if the holographic version hasn't lived up to your expectations, but that's hardly reason to deactivate him. Good work. I need a moment alone with Reg. Your programme has been running continuously for how many hours now? (Seven leaves.) I'd like to run a diagnostic of your matrix. Make sure you haven't suffered any degradation over the last few days. He expressed some concern for your well being, yes. Believe me, Reg, the crew and I are grateful for everything you've done, but we need to take every precaution. Take us to one quarter impulse. Go ahead. (Reg sticks his holo-fingers into Seven's head, knocking her out. He doesn't bother to catch her as she falls.) JANEWAY [OC]: What is it, Seven? The fold's collapsing, Reg. We didn't make it in time. [Astrometrics lab]  I appreciate your determination, but we can't risk it. You did everything you could. Who? Bridge to Seven of Nine. What's going on? Put a tractor beam on it.
Tom, how long can you keep us flying? Everyone redouble your efforts. Keep your eyes open for new sources of deuterium. Tuvok, Chakotay, I want recommendations for further methods of conservation. Harry, you and I will give them a hand in geophysics. See if we can't synthesise a substitute fuel. In the meantime, we stay in grey mode. If anybody's got any other ideas, I'm listening. Now why didn't I think of that? Stand by. Harry, shunt whatever additional power you can to the containment field. I don't want any of those atmospheric gasses seeping in. Let's get this over with before you tell me otherwise. Seven, do it. [Transporter room] Abort transport. [Transporter room] Get out of there now. [Corridor] And the bad news? Great. We use valuable energy on a course change and all we get for our trouble is another downed system. Can we send a probe to collect the deuterium? Then I don't see any other options. Tom, put us back on our original course, one quarter impulse. You wouldn't be able to communicate with us if you got in trouble, and until we get transporters back we couldn't beam you out. Even if I agreed, I'd never let you go alone. Commander Chakotay to the bridge. Try scanning for infrared signatures. Tom and Harry still aren't back. And risk losing you, too? Either we keep waiting until we run out of deuterium and we get trapped in orbit, or We land the ship. What's the alternative? We're up here, the deuterium's down there, and we're stuck without it. We've come this far. Janeway to engineering. Vent all plasma from the nacelles. Transfer any available power to atmospheric thrusters and stand by to commence landing sequence. Commander Chakotay, take the conn. Code blue. Let us down easy, Commander. Chakotay. Can you shore them up? Status? Start organising repair crews. That was very good, Commander. Take an away team and find Harry and Tom. [Corridor] Status, Mister Tuvok? Janeway here. First good news I've had all day. What about the deuterium? What's your position? Transporters are coming back online. We should be able to beam you back from that distance, but it may take a few minutes. [Planet surface] Energising. (Janeway takes over the transport. Paris and Kim start gasping for breath as soon as they are solid.)#JANEWAY: Beam Tom and Harry to Sickbay. [Sickbay] What are you doing? I'd like to run a few tests of my own, if you don't mind. Can the bioforming process be reversed? I'll send Chakotay and Seven back to the surface. They'll gather as much information as they can. B'Elanna and I will start running tests on this. Doctor? We should be so lucky. Oh, what's this? Magnify. Factor twenty. This fluid has organic properties. Let me see the sample that's been treated with the reagents. (The sample slithers onto Torres' thumb.) Let's get you to sickbay. On my way. Get down to Engineering. Get thrusters online. We're getting off this planet. [Cavern] I think I can. Prepare for transport. [Cavern] Transporters are still acting up. We can't get individual locks. We're going to have to grab you in a wide beam and bring you in as a group. [Cavern] Then there's no time. We've got to get back into orbit. We'll worry about Harry or whoever he is once we're up. Bring antigrav thrusters online. (Janeway takes the helm.) Inertial dampers to flight configuration. Initiating ascent. I need power to the thrusters. Compensate. Report. Bridge to Engineering. [Engineering] I need thrusters back online. How long? There must be some way to disperse it. Try a nadion burst from the phaser emitters. It may weaken the electromagnetic properties of the fluid. I'm on my way to Sickbay to check on Harry and Tom. You've got the bridge. [Sickbay] How are they? And him? B'Elanna and I discovered that the fluid has mimetic properties. Somehow, it reads the DNA of whatever it comes in contact with and re-creates it. Can you tell me who you are? DEMON PARIS: Please, just let me go back. Not until I find out why two of my crew have been duplicated. DEMON PARIS: Captain, you have to believe me. I don't know any more than you do about this. Until he showed up, I thought I was Tom Paris. A little changed by my experience on the planet maybe, but now I don't know who or what I am. All I know is that I have to get off this ship and go back down to the surface. Do it. (It hurts Demon Paris.)DEMON PARIS: Ow. What are you doing? Put him through. DEMON KIM [OC]: Captain, please. Stop what you're doing. If you really do have Harry Kim's memories, you know that I'm going to do whatever it takes to get this ship back in orbit. [Planet surface] Why not? DEMON KIM: I, I'm not sure I understand it myself. [Sickbay] Well then, you're going to have to help me figure it out. Mister Tuvok, I'm on my way to transporter room one. Erect a level seven forcefield around the platform. Fill it with atmosphere from the planet and then beam Mister Kim, or rather his duplicate, aboard. Do you have a lock on him? Energise. (Demon Kim is beamed aboard.)JANEWAY: Release my vessel. DEMON KIM: We can't do that. We? DEMON KIM: The planet and I, we're connected somehow. I can't explain it, Captain. I only know that you've got to stop. And I'm willing to stop. But I'll say it again, release the Janeway to Tuvok. Fire. (Demon Kim falls, and briefly appears made of the fluid.)JANEWAY: What are you? DEMON KIM: Stop. No. I'll fire again. DEMON KIM: You're killing us! You leave me no choice. DEMON KIM: It's not fair. It's wrong! Janeway to Tuvok. DEMON KIM: No! No, no, no. Please. No more. Hold your fire, Tuvok. Hold your fire. I want some answers. DEMON KIM: I'm trying to understand. This is hard for me as well. You said you have a connection to this planet. You talk about The compound that sampled Harry's DNA, and created you. DEMON KIM: Yes. but it's never been conscious, never sentient before now. Before me and the other. Tom Paris. DEMON KIM: We're the first. Don't you see? You came here. You showed us. When the compound came in contact with Tom and Harry, it experienced awareness for the first time. Before, it was only instinct, sound and light and heat. But those two showed us thought. I'm beginning to understand. This silver blood experienced sentience, and now you want more. You want to duplicate the rest of this Not for me, and not for my people. Do you understand why we Well then, release us. DEMON KIM: We'd rather die than be alone. We deserve life. This silver blood that created you. It duplicated Harry without killing him. So you don't need our bodies, only samples of DNA. Release Voyager and I'll speak to my crew. And if they're willing, I'll let you duplicate the rest of us. Understood. We're getting out of here, Tuvok, but first assemble the crew in Cargo Bay one [Bridge] JANEWAY I'll explain later. [Transporter room] It's time to meet your new family. [Bridge] Take us up, Mister Paris.
 Janeway to Sickbay. Any progress, Doctor? We're running out of time. [Bridge] Chakotay to the bridge. Not exactly. It's two light years across, emits enough energy for a dozen stars, it doesn't match any phenomenon in our database, and it won't sit still. Full reverse. Maximum shields. (Voyager is engulfed by wibbly space.)JANEWAY: Full stop. Anybody want to tell me where we are? Why didn't sensors warn us in time? How much time? We've got to recalibrate the sensors, redesign them if necessary, otherwise we're flying blind. Let's get to work. [Chakotay's quarters] Music lessons? What do you mean? This Chaotic space we've entered, could it be stimulating the gene? Tuvok tells me you've got a mean left jab. How are you doing? Janeway to Seven. Bring the grid back online. Are you picking up anything at that range? Set a course dead ahead, one quarter impulse. Sensor status? Good. Let's increase our speed. Mister Paris, go to half impulse. Let's take a closer look. [Briefing room] How long were they stranded here? Let's hold our position until we get a better idea of what we're up against. Granted. Pull the sensor technology off that ship. Use it to enhance ours. We're going to need all the help we can get. [Sickbay] The same symptoms as Chakotay, but a different cause. Is there a treatment? Permission granted. Rentrillic trajectory. Could be some sort of alien geometry, but we'll need much more. Is it safe for him to try to make contact again? I realise you're frightened, but you're our only hope out of this place. You think this could risk your sanity, but your sanity won't do you any good if we remain in Chaotic space. I need you to keep trying, Chakotay. Will you keep trying? (he nods.) Keep me posted. You're my First Officer. Your duty is to this crew. If something happens to me, you've got to get Voyager home. Launch another beacon. Status. Maintain course and heading, Mister Paris. Who am I to dispute logic? Hold our position.  Report. Order to chaos? Some kind of signal? But it could be a transmission. Have you tried the standard language decryptions? Success seems to be in short supply lately. Oh! Impossible. And to think that kept me from getting an A. [Sickbay]  It was the only question I missed in exogenetics my senior year. That signal was designed to activate DNA. Chakotay, do you know me? Do you know where you are? It's better for you to rest, Chakotay, until we can figure out why this is happening to you. Who does? Wait a minute. You believe somebody lives here, in Chaotic space, and they're trying to communicate with you? Tell me about him. What does he look like? What if those hallucinations are being induced for a purpose? Aliens who exist on some perceptual wavelength that our senses can't detect, and the only way for them to communicate with us is to alter our senses. Chakotay's bad gene gave them the opportunity. Remember the derelict ship? Two of their crewmembers claimed they were seeing things. Was somebody trying to communicate with them? Was somebody trying to warn them, help them? Why go through all the trouble? We're trapped here anyway. Go ahead, Tuvok. I'm on my way. Send him back in the ring. [Bridge]  Report. Full thrusters. Status? Janeway to Sickbay. [Sickbay] It's now or never. Are Are Our Our In Chaotic space. If In Chaotic space What happened? Hang on, Ensign. Tell us what to do. No. Give up your post. Do it. Engage. Mister Paris, resume a course to the Alpha Quadrant.  When I said you should take the next day or two off, I thought you'd want to stay in your quarters with a good book. Well in that case, report for duty first thing in the morning.
Energise. (Glowing orange gas fills a container.) Here's the problem. A slight breach in the annular confinement beam. If this photonic matter works as well as I think, it could boost the efficiency of our power converters fifteen percent. How long will it take to finish the preliminary analysis? I'd like to get it sooner than that. I believe Ensign Kim is off duty. Could you use his help? I think I might be able to. Janeway to Kim. That's odd. Computer, locate Ensign Kim. Scan the holodeck. What's the matter? Is it a system malfunction? Commander. [Outside Holodeck two] Go ahead. Killed? But you haven't found a body. Run a diagnostic on the holodeck's imaging control systems. If they're not working, try to repair them. And relay your tricorder scans to the Bridge. I'd like to analyse your readings. Bridge to Chakotay. Commander  [Bridge] We've analysed your tricorder data. A deep-level scan shows minute quantities of photonic energy. And from there into other ship systems as well. We've already found some in the replicators. We have to consider it a possibility. After all, the holodeck are basically an outgrowth of transporter technology, changing energy into matter and back again every time a programme is run. Proceed.  [Bridge] Emergency transport. Get them out of there now. Commander Chakotay, report. Mister Tuvok. Photonic energy leaking into the subsystems could certainly damage the nodes, and it might have created a defect in the programme that occurs when Grendel shows up. We'll have to modify your data stream protocols and imaging systems. But the fact that you're going to the holodeck simplifies things. The projection systems are already in place there. Nothing on the holodeck will be able to touch you unless you want it to. Think of this as your first away mission, Doctor. I can understand your hesitation. But there are three lives at stake, and you have the best chance of anyone on this ship to save them. Do you understand that? Good. Your job is to find the photonic energy surge and scan it closely. We need all the data we can get. You'll have to interact with the characters in the holonovel, so make sure you're familiar with the Beowulf story. Your circuit modifications will be finished in three hours. Good. Go ahead. Is everything all right, Doctor? We're monitoring you. Sickbay, emergency transfer.  [Sickbay] Sickbay. Report. Apparently, contact with photonic energy disrupted your magnetic cohesion, but we're still not sure if that's what happened to the others. They're showing a synaptic pattern. I wouldn't expect to see something like this in photonic energy. Is this the first time those patterns have shown up like this? If you can, you might be able to get more information about how photonic energy damaged the holodeck systems. Bridge to Engineering. We're detecting an energy mass  [Bridge] Moving through the ship. A life form?  [Engineering] Are there any critical systems in its path? Then let it go.  [Bridge] Be ready to seal the hull breach with a force field. I'll have a damage control team standing by for repairs. And let's track it on sensors when it gets out. Let's get it on screen. (A bright light appears and takes in the small one.) What was that?  [Sickbay] It appears to be some kind of photonic lattice. Or maybe a transportation device. Their equivalent of a ship. At any rate, we had sensor contact for a few seconds, and we picked up three distinct bio-electrical patterns inside it. We have three missing crewmen. Our best guess has been that they were somehow converted into energy while they were on the holodeck. We find no sign of them on this ship. Then we pick up three discrete patterns in that lattice. Three patterns that don't match anything else in that lattice, and which have biological components. I don't think it's a stretch to hypothesise that those are our crew members, converted into a kind of photonic energy. We have good evidence now that there are photonic beings that live in that protostar. Life forms that have intelligence. We didn't know that when we beamed those energy samples on board. We had no idea that what we were doing, in essence, was capturing those life forms. We locked them in a containment field and began to experiment on them. If my people were taken like that, I know what my response would be. I would do whatever was necessary to get them back. Yes. These beings can manifest themselves on the holodeck in the matrix of a holo-character. That's how they were able to take our crew members hostage. A gesture, to show we mean well. It's certainly worth a try. Ordinarily, officers go through intensive training before they're put into a first contact situation but you're the only one who can do this safely. I agree. Make arrangements to transfer the life form to a container so the Doctor can carry it. But remember, if you're holding the container, you'll have to stay in solid form. Scan it. All sensors. Go ahead, Doctor.  [Holodeck - Great Hall] JANEWAY Good work, Doctor. It's one of the most exciting aspects of space exploration, meeting new species, establishing communication, sharing differences and similarities. But it did. It just didn't happen in very predictable ways. But if you think about it, we entered into conflict, communicated, and eventually established a peace treaty with them. I'm placing a special commendation in the logs for exemplary performance by the Chief Medical Officer during his first away mission. I'd like to cite you by name. Kes tells me you've chosen one. Is that true? [Sickbay] Sounds like you had quite an adventure on that holodeck, Doctor. Well, something tells me you haven't had your last one. (Janeway leaves.)
Anything? On screen. Can you clear it up? The pleasure's mine, Admiral. How's the weather in San Francisco? It sounds delightful. Lieutenant Barclay, my congratulations on establishing the first trans-galactic comm. link. You've earned a place in the history books. Eleven minutes are better than none, Admiral. We appreciate all your work, Reg. Quite a view. Thank you, Reg. [Mess hall] My mother, I hope. Janeway to the Doctor. Report to my ready room now. [Briefing room] Doctor, you've written a very imaginative story, but it's conceivable that people will think it's based on fact. Your emitter isn't a ball and chain. It liberates you. If I didn't know better, I'd think this story was written by someone who feels oppressed. Is that how you see yourself, Doctor? I understand you have your reasons for writing this, but you should consider how it's going to make your friends feel. We're all grateful that you're taking our feelings into account. Take your time, Doctor.  On screen. Seven told me your message was urgent. He's still making revisions. The programme shouldn't have been distributed yet. I don't see that you have a choice, Mister Broht. Authors have rights. We might win on those grounds. But what about the Doctor? I'm not so sure. I think it's your reputation that's on the line here. You have the same rights as every other member of this crew, and I'm not going to let this publisher say otherwise. Captain's log, stardate 54748.6. A Federation arbitrator has been assigned to determine whether the Doctor has the right to control his artistic creation. Because of our limited comm. time with Earth, the arguments should take about three days. [Pathfinder lab] TUVOK Doctor. What we need to do is prove that he is just as much a person as any of us. By telling your real life story. [Pathfinder lab] SEVEN I'd made myself clear. But the Doctor disobeyed my direct orders. In the process, he endangered the ship and crew.  No, it wasn't. But it was human. [Pathfinder lab] JANEWAY  The fact that he was capable of doing otherwise proves that he can think for himself. Your Honour, centuries ago in most places on Earth, only landowners of a particular gender and race had any rights at all. Over time, those rights were extended to all humans, and later, as we explored the galaxy, to thousands of other sentient species. Our definition of what constitutes a person has continued to evolve. Now we're asking that you expand that definition once more, to include our Doctor. [Pathfinder lab] JANEWAY  I would never have believed that an EMH could become a valued member of my crew, and my friend. The Doctor is a person as real as any [Pathfinder lab] JANEWAY To conclude that he has the same rights as any of us. [Pathfinder lab] You don't look like someone who's just struck the first blow for the rights of holograms. We'll survive. If there's one thing I've learned about you, Doctor, it's that you can do just about anything you set your mind to. [Federation Dilithium Processing Facility, Alpha Quadrant] (Four months later. One EMH mark one speaks to another whilst a lot more work in the mine.)
What was it? A pleasure. There's no need to apologise for anything. Our time here has been very well spent, although I could use your help in sifting through that last colourful saga. That might be worth a short detour. Engineering is usually short on vorilium. Thank you, Zahir. [Holodeck - Paxau resort] Come in. (Kes enters, looking exhausted.) Good morning. An all-nighter, Kes? The fine art of putting off an important task until the last minute, then rushing through it. In my Academy days, I was the acknowledged master. Of course. Let's sit down. Yes. He seems like a very interesting young man. I see. That would certainly give you a chance to get to know him better. That's certainly a legitimate question. And you think Zahir might be the way to do that? I understand what you're going through, Kes. I know what it's like to be at a crossroads in life, not to know which way is best. I can help you weigh the consequences, the possibilities. The decision itself has to be yours alone. We'll be in orbit for several more days. Take your time. My door's open if you need me. What do you mean? Cell fragments from the skin of the attacker, residual protein, DNA. Is Zahir conscious? How is he? How's Kes? Torres is hurt. Ten ccs of alizine. My Klingon physiology course at the Academy. We had a visiting Professor H'ohk. He permitted nothing less. Find out what's going on. Computer, who just left the ship? Try to hail them. Janeway to Chakotay. Are you suggesting the Doctor attacked Zahir? Then Kes could be in danger. And Torres. Get someone from security down to Sickbay. Check on B'Elanna. Try and find them, Chakotay. I'll see what I can do about the scattering field. [Nakahn's Lodge] (The EMH is working on his mobile emitter.) Janeway to Chakotay. I've gotten through the Doctor's scattering field. Not [Bridge] Enough to beam them up yet but I've got a fix on their position. I'm downloading the coordinates into Tuvok's tricorder. [Mountain path] JANEWAY Acknowledged. [Transporter room] (The EMH walks past the drawn phasers of the security guards.)
Janeway to Sickbay. Activate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. We've got an incoming shuttle with an injured crewman on board. It's either Ensign Kim or Lieutenant Paris. We haven't been able to raise them. You're sure there's only one life sign aboard? Transport him to Sickbay. I'll be down there. Mister Tuvok. [Sickbay] Can you tell us what happened to Paris, Mister Kim? Do you have any idea who the victim was? We'll find out about Paris, Mister Kim. Janeway to Chakotay. Set a course for the Banean homeworld, Commander. Come in. Lieutenant Paris has gotten himself into trouble. I'm taking the ship into orbit while we try to sort things out. The stakes are too high to send a shuttlecraft this time. I want to show our flag to make it clear we mean business. Based on your experience, what can we expect the Numiri to do to intimidate us? Tell me about them as a people. Are they aggressive, technical, intellectual, emotional? Anything that might help me deal with them. On my way. [Bridge] Shields up. On screen. Mister Neelix. Why? Let's hope it's a positive sign. Hail them. Open a channel. I am Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. (The Numiri are reptilian, while the Banea just have some feathers growing amongst their hair.) One of my crewmen is being held on the Banean planet. We're on our way to investigate. Understood. You have my word that we intend to remain neutral in your conflict. Our only interest is in our own crewman. Have all security stations remain at full alert. Continue long range scans for Numiri patrols around the clock. Take us into orbit. [Minister Kray's office] (Kray enters.) My chief of security, Lieutenant Tuvok. Exactly what are these circumstances, Minister? All we know is that a member of our crew has been accused of murder. What form of punishment? These memories are used in the trial as evidence? Are you all right, Tom? But the victim's own eyes identified Tom, it's very important you tell us everything. Harry said you spent some time with Mrs Ren while he and the professor were working. What's going on? Is this normal? I'd like to take him back with us to our medical facility. Minister, we don't intend to leave orbit until we prove his innocence. Then this punishment could actually be causing serious brain damage. This might be the basis for an appeal of the sentence, don't you think? What do you have in mind, Tuvok? Evasive pattern, beta one four zero. Dual attack mode. But why now? Why an unprovoked attack? What are they after? Commander, prepare to initiate attack manoeuvre kappa zero one zero. Be my guest. Not to belittle Maquis tactics, Commander, but this is a very old trick. You're lucky I wasn't commanding one of them. That's one trick you won't be able to use again when we get back. Cancel red alert. Take us into high orbit. Mister Tuvok. Any progress with your investigation? Tuvok With Kim? Why? His condition has continued to deteriorate. He'll have serious brain damage if the implants are not removed. We're still committed to proving his innocence, Minister. Due to the nature of his condition, we're concerned that our transporting device might cause further medical complications, so we're sending him back by shuttlecraft. They'll leave this ship in one hour. Red alert. On screen. Offer [Bridge] No resistance, Harry. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. You have illegally seized one of our shuttlecraft. Yes, we appreciated that warning and took appropriate precautions. If you read the sensor readouts in front of you, you will see that the shuttle is carrying forty tons of thalmerite explosives. Enough to destroy your ship. I'm prepared to detonate those explosives in thirty seconds if you do not release our vessel. End transmission. (Transmission ends. Paris and Kim enter.) Tractor the shuttle and take us into low orbit. Cancel red alert. Mister Paris, how soon before your next cycle? That should be enough time to clear this up. Mister Tuvok, this is your show now. I'll invite the Minister myself. [The Ren's home] Someone on the surface had to be informing the Numiri of Lieutenant Paris's movements.
heavy casualties. The warp core is going critical and the ejection system is offline. I've ordered all personnel to abandon ship. Lieutenant Torres and I (The screen goes blank.) Oh, Doctor. I see the new holoprojectors are working. I'm a little disoriented and I have one hell of a headache. The last thing I remember is launching the escape pods. Lieutenant Torres and I were trying to stop the core breach, and then I blacked out. And the crew? Yes, Lieutenant, we hear you. Go ahead. I'm fine. I'm glad you convinced the Doctor to make a house call. What's our status? Keep on it. In the meantime I'll see if I can restore the bridge controls and start scanning for the Kazon ships. Doctor, do you know anything about bypassing a power relay? Actually, it is. Give me a hand. See this conduit? It's a power relay. It's circuits are burnt out. What we need to do is reconfigure the Neelix, this is the Captain. What's wrong? Neelix, are you there? Neelix? With the turbolifts down it'll take me a half hour to get there. Doctor, it's up to you. I'll use the remote projectors to send you to the Mess hall. Stand by for transfer. [Mess hall] (A clatter of pots and pans.) Go ahead Doctor. Acknowledged. Mr Neelix, keep an eye on the Kazon until I get there. I'm on my way. Doctor, we've almost got the warp core back online, but we need to know where the crew was taken. I want you to perform an ARA scan on the Kazon while we question him. Is something wrong? What? This could be a problem with the remote projectors. The multiple holographic signals may be confusing the computer. I'm going to deactivate you and then re-initialise your programme parameters. Computer, discontinue Emergency Medical Holographic system. You're right. Your programme's not anywhere on file. Computer, shut down all holographic systems throughout the ship. (Janeway, Torres, Neelix and the Kazon vanish.) Magnetic constrictors are online. The warp core is stable. Let's get started on those plasma relays. You, who are you? I didn't know you could be projected into Engineering. Fine. We have three wounded crewmembers over here. What do you mean, you have a more pressing matter to attend to? And who are you? I don't recognise you. Doctor, I am ordering you to take care of these wounded crewmembers. Jarvis, Parsons, put these men under arrest. Who are you? Are you two responsible for bringing us here? Enough! I don't know what this is all about, but clearly you're involved. Take them to the brig. I'll question them later. You're in no position to argue. What kind of scan? (Some people disappear.) Bridge. Janeway to Bridge, respond. What are you (Finally, Janeway disappears.) Try to calm down, Doctor, everything's going to be fine. [Holodeck] Doctor, do you know who I am? Do you know where you are? (Chakotay and Kim are there, too.) That's right. And do you know what you are? Right. Of course. It's good to have you back, Doctor. Computer, transfer EMH programme to Sickbay. [Doctor's office]
Ransom. He was in command of a science vessel. The Equinox. Try to get a fix on their location. The Equinox is a Nova class ship. It was designed for planetary research, not long range tactical missions. Set a course, maximum warp. Go to red alert. Hang on, Captain. (Chakotay leaves.) Only by reputation. [Corridor]  He was an exobiologist, promoted to Captain after he made first contact with the Yridians. So did the Federation. Ransom proved otherwise. I always wanted to meet him. Too bad it won't be under better circumstances. Let's hope you get the chance. [Bridge] Take us out of warp. Intercept. Can you get a visual? (The Equinox's shields are still lit up.) Open a channel. This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We're responding to your Are you under attack? Do it. (Paris flies Voyager directly above Equinox, which is only as long as her nacelles.) Tuvok! Voyager to Ransom. Captain? (static) Assemble rescue teams. Secure the Equinox. Tuvok, you're with me. [Equinox Engineering] You took heavy casualties. We're treating the survivors. Who attacked you? Easy, easy. Leave that to us. (She tries to put a Voyager comm. badge on him.) I can't pull rank on you, Captain, but you're in no condition to put up a fight. I wish I could say. I'm afraid not. We've been stranded in the Delta Quadrant for five years. We were pulled here against our will by an alien called We'll compare notes later on. Let's get you to Voyager. [Mess hall] We'll have time to give the newest members of our family a proper welcome in the days ahead, but right now, we've got our hands full. The Equinox is secure, but its primary systems are still badly damaged. Harry, B'Elanna, make it your priority. Captain Ransom has provided us with data regarding the alien attacks. Tuvok, Seven, you'll be working with First Officer Maxwell Burke. To kindred spirits. May our journey home together be swift. Dismissed. At the present rate, we have less than two days to mount a defence. But the question is, how do we catch these fish? Commander? If we could expand on that technology, we might be able to create a lattice work of multiphasic forcefields around both ships. We'll need to examine that stasis chamber.  I couldn't help but notice your crew calls you by your first name. I know the feeling. We've been known to let our hair down from time to time. But I find that maintaining protocol reminds us of where we came from and hopefully, where we're going. Oh, we've overcome our share of obstacles, Warp core breaches, ion storms, a few rounds with the Borg Consider yourself lucky. Never heard of them. I'm sorry. What do you mean? This is a Nova class science vessel, designed for short term research missions. Minimal weapons. It can't even go faster than warp eight. Frankly, I don't know how you've done it. You've obviously travelled as far as we have with much fewer resources. Mmm hmm. Broken it? Never. Bent it on occasion. And even then it was a difficult choice. What about you? It's a good omen. Let's put it back where it belongs. [Mess hall] How long will it take? Normally I'd agree, but right now one of our ships in vulnerable. Chakotay's right. We should make our stand on Voyager. Starfleet Regulation one hundred ninety one, Article fourteen. In a combat situation involving more than one ship, command falls to the vessel with tactical superiority. I looked it up this morning. In this case, protocol recognises my authority. I'd rather not have to. The regulation stands. By all means. [Engineering] Any theories? He has been adamant about protecting his ship. I thought it was simply a captain's pride. I want to take a closer look at that lab. If we close off those EPS conduits, how long will it take to vent the radiation? I don't want to wait that long. Send the Doctor. He'll be immune to its effects. Tell him to look for anything out of the ordinary. Monitor his progress from Astrometrics. Not yet. I want to wait until we test your theory. [Equinox Research lab]  The alien compound. Ten isograms. If I understand your calculations, that's enough to increase your warp factor by what, point zero three percent for one month? Unfortunately, that boost wouldn't get you very far, so you'd need to replenish the supply and that means killing another lifeform. And then another. How many lives would it take to get you back to the Alpha quadrant? I think you know the reason we're under attack. These aliens are trying to protect themselves from you. I might believe that if I hadn't examined your research. These experiments were meticulous and they were brutal. If you'd felt any remorse, you'd never have continued. I doubt that protocol covers mass murder. Unacceptable. By adhering to the oath you took as Starfleet officers to seek out life, not destroy it. It's never easy. But if we turn our backs on our principles, we stop being human. I'm putting an end to your experiments and you are hereby relieved of your command. You and your crew will be confined to quarters. Their mistake.  Doctor, return to their research lab and retrieve all the data you can locate on the aliens. I want to find a way to communicate with them. (to Seven) Go to their engine room. Take those warp core modifications offline. Let's try to make First Contact the right way. [Corridor] Reroute all available power to the shields. Bridge to Tuvok. We need that security grid. [Astrometrics lab]  Bridge to the Doctor. Did you find anything? [Sickbay]  Neural patterns, cortical scans, anything that could help us programme the universal translator. [Sickbay]  Keep studying the information we have. See what you can come up with. [Sickbay] Security, seal off deck nine.  Whatever it takes, get that grid online. [Corridor] Block it. Janeway to Seven of Nine. [Equinox Engineering] JANEWAY Open a channel. If you don't stop what you're doing, we'll both be destroyed. I'll open fire if I have to. Target their power systems. Fire. [Equinox Bridge]  What do you mean, they've got it? [Astrometrics lab] Arm yourselves. [Equinox Bridge] The Equinox? Any sign of nucleogenic particles? Then they haven't engaged their enhanced warp drive yet. Keep looking for (The sound of new fissures opening.) [Equinox Bridge] I've got him right here. (She downloads the programme from the mobile emitter.) We found your emitter on deck nine. No. Harry's analysing the sound we've been hearing. He thinks it's some form of communication. We should all be focusing our efforts on finding the Equinox. Our enemies aren't the aliens. They're the humans aboard the Equinox. It's crucial that you don't(The sound of a fissure.) [Equinox - Ransom's Quarters]  It's not exactly Shakespeare, but it gets the point across. Run this through to your translation matrix. Belay that order. I appreciate your optimism, but in this case, weapons. Drop shields, bridge only. Go ahead, Harry. (A fissure forms and an alien flies towards Kim. It screeches at him a bit, then leaves.)JANEWAY: Raise shields. There's your response. Activate another deflector pulse. That should buy us another few minutes of peace and quiet. I suggest we make the most of it. Focus your efforts on repairing the warp drive. We've got to find the Equinox. They're not listening, Chakotay. We should be tracking Ransom, not tinkering with adverbs. [Ready room] Allow me. Our deflector's losing power, and when it fails, we'll be defenceless. It's Voyager we should be worrying about, not the Equinox. Maybe so, but we have a crew member trapped on that ship. I don't know what you're talking about. Borg, Hirogen, Malon. We've run into our share of bad guys. Ransom's no different. I appreciate your candour. Now let me be just as blunt. You're right, I am angry. I'm damned angry. He's a Starfleet Captain, and he's decided to abandon everything this uniform stands for. He's out there right now, torturing and murdering innocent lifeforms just to get home a little quicker. I'm not going to stand for it. I'm going to hunt him down no matter how long it takes, no matter what the cost. If you want to call that a vendetta, go right ahead. [Equinox Bridge] Janeway was right about one thing. You are unique. It would be a shame to lose you.  Come in. It's not like you to submit recommendations in writing. I'm afraid I'm not going to be very receptive this time, either. It's an interesting idea, but the Ankari are fifty light years in the wrong direction. Our first priority is to find Ransom. Still no sign of nucleogenic particles? Then he couldn't have gotten far. Without his enhanced drive, his ship's only capable of warp six. I've been studying his service record. He's had his share of run-ins with hostile aliens. It seems that when he's being pursued, he tends to hide. At Epsilon four he ran into a Klingon Bird-of-Prey. Played a game of cat and mouse for three days in a nebula before the Klingons finally gave up. Two years later, he eluded a Romulan Warbird by taking his vessel into the atmosphere of a gas giant. Go to Astrometrics. Start looking for the kind of place you'd hide if your ship was damaged. Target their power core. [Equinox Bridge] Noted. Target his weapons array. [Equinox Bridge] We've almost got him. Keep targeting their weapons array. One more torpedo ought to do it. Fire! [Equinox Bridge] Janeway to Ransom. Surrender your vessel.  What the hell is he doing? Follow him. Phasers. Break off pursuit. [Equinox Bridge] Match their course and speed. Time? At least we didn't come away empty-handed. [Cargo Bay two]  I want Ransom's tactical status. I want it now, Mister Lessing. No, crewman. I'll drop the shields around this room and let your little friends come pay you a visit. You could also call it poetic justice. Ransom's status, now. We all make our own hell, Mister Lessing. I hope you enjoy yours. The comm. is active. We'll be outside if you have a change of heart. [Corridor] Weren't you listening? He'll break. [Bridge] I know. Stand by. [Corridor] He'll break. As you were. (Chakotay tries to put up the shields.) You're panicking. He's going to talk. [Bridge] Understood. (Chakotay goes into Cargo Bay two, drives back the alien and brings Lessing out.) [Corridor] Commander. (Chakotay stays behind.)JANEWAY: All right, we're going to try it your way. But I want to make one thing clear. We've had our disagreements, Chakotay, but you've never openly opposed me. It was a calculated risk and I took it. I'll note your objection in my log. Then you leave me no choice. You are hereby relieved of duty until further notice. I was about to ask you the same question. [Bridge] Tractor beam. Just do it. On screen. Yes. We need your guidance. Your spirits of good fortune are attacking us. We are not the ones responsible. That's right. Can you communicate with the aliens? I can't do that. Not until you agree to talk to them. Will they understand me? We didn't do this to you. We're trying to stop the humans who did. We have rules for behaviour. The Equinox has broken those rules by killing your species. It's our duty to stop them. All right! If you stop your attacks, I'll deliver the Equinox to you. I know what I'm doing, Tuvok. What's their answer? I've already confined my First Officer to quarters. Would you like to join him? Well? Return the favour. [Equinox Engineering] Stay with them. [Equinox Bridge] E-EMH Prepare a tractor beam. Full power to the forward shields. (Big Whumph!) Hard about. Get us out of range. Remodulate the shields. [Equinox Bridge] Tuvok. Put him through. Proceed. He's still a Starfleet captain. He may have forgotten that for a while, but I believe him. [Equinox Bridge] Captain. We're beaming you out of there. You can set auto-navigation and then transport to Voyager. I promise. (Transmission ends. They watch the one-engined Equinox fly away, venting plasma. Ransom retreats into his favourite fantasy, then Equinox goes KaBOOM!) Captain's log, supplemental. With the Equinox destroyed, the aliens have withdrawn to their realm. I've reinstated Chakotay and we've set a course for home. [Sickbay]  The last time we welcomed you aboard, you took advantage of our trust. You betrayed this crew. I won't make that mistake again. Noah Lessing, Marla Gilmore, James Morrow, Brian Sofin, Angelo Tassoni, you are hereby stripped of rank. You'll be expected to serve as crewmen on this vessel. Your privileges will be limited, and you'll serve under close supervision for as long as I deem fit. This time, you'll have to earn  How's the crew? Will I see you there? I'll bring the croutons. Chakotay. You know, you may have had good reason to stage a little mutiny of your own. Will you look at that? (Voyager's dedication plaque is on the deck.)JANEWAY: All these years, all these battles. This thing's never fallen down before.
Consul, I assure you I meant no (Her hand movements are clearly offensive to the Tak Tak.) I understand. Oh. I've always been taught to be tolerant of other cultures and points of view, no matter how alien, but I have to say that the Tak Tak are the most unforgiving people I've ever met. They make the Klingons look sedate. I may never put my hands on my hips again. Obviously they've never heard of forgive and forget. It's a good thing you were there, Mister Neelix. I might have been shot at dawn. I have studied chromolinguistics, American Sign Language, the gestural idioms of the Leyron, but I just couldn't get the hang of the Tak Tak. You have a genuine flair for diplomacy, Mister Neelix. I may have to promote you from morale officer to Ambassador. With all the species we're bound to meet, I could use a man like you at the front door. Dropping to one quarter impulse. Voyager's not there, and they're not responding to hails. I'm running a long range scan. There they are. They're holding position in sector thirty eight, coordinates one two one mark six. The ship appears to be adrift. They could be in trouble. Engaging maximum warp. (They reach Voyager.) Janeway to Voyager. Commander Chakotay, respond. There's some kind of bioelectrical interference. I can't get clear life sign readings. The escape pods are all in place, and there's no indication of any recent transporter activity. Grab a phaser, Ambassador. We're going to get some answers. [Corridor] Still no sign of the crew, but these sensor readings are highly erratic. A bioelectric field is permeating the ship. I can't localise it. Let's try accessing the ships internal sensors, see if we can get a better reading. (She accesses a wall panel.) Same problem. The main computer is offline, so is the comm. system. This is strange. One of the bio-neural gel packs in the mess hall ruptured, but most of the systems in there seem to be functioning normally. Let's get to the bridge. (Further along the corridor they come across a tool box and PADD.) Someone was doing maintenance work on this power relay. All the equipment is still active, but the work hasn't been completed. Come on. Me neither, but if there was an attack of some kind, why didn't Chakotay try to contact us or send out a warning buoy? I'm picking up a comm. signal about ten metres ahead. It's coming from inside this room. I can't tell. Let's take a look. Stand ready. [Wildman's quarters] Here's our comm. signal, your Good Morning Voyager programme. Why is it still running? According to the protein decay, I'd say Ensign Wildman replicated this eleven hours go. When we get to the bridge we'll check the communications logs. They might tell us whether or not (They hear a buzzing insect sound.) [Corridor] I can't tell if it's humanoid, but it's emanating a bioelectric field. Over here. (There is a hole in one of the transporter pads.) Something just punched right through this floor panel into the Jefferies tubes. Some sort of mucilaginous compound. High concentrations of amino acids and proteins, and fragments of non-humanoid DNA. Well, Ambassador, I'd say we've got an unexpected guest. Main power is failing, and the environmental controls are going offline. Systems are starting to shut down one by one. We'd better get to the bridge. [Turbolift] Good, we're still got auxiliary power. Deck one. When environmental controls fail, heat from the warp plasma conduits can't be vented. Expect a heat wave before long. Summers in Indiana were pretty similar when I was growing up. Six centimetres? There's a life form in the turboshaft. I'm engaging the manual override. One more second. I can't get the pneumatic conduits to (Something punches through the door and squirts gung onto Neelix. Janeway phasers the long tentacle that follows it.) There's no lifeform in the tube above us. We're getting out of here. [Jefferies tube] Are you all right? It's the same mucilaginous compound we saw in the transporter room. Come on. (They crawl along a short tube to a junction. Janeway uses her tricorder again.) Human lifesigns, very faint. Thirty or more. Several decks above us. I can't pinpoint the location. Maybe. One thing's for sure, whoever's up there is still alive. Once we get the main computer online, we'll be able to get a fix on their location. (They crawl to another junction.) You've got a high fever, fluid in your lungs. That alien compound is acting quickly. Try to hang on. Just three more decks. I'm not going to leave you here, Neelix. There should be an emergency medical kit up that tube. I'll bring back something to get you on your feet. Don't go away. (She goes up the ladder and find the medical kit. Meanwhile, Neelix is joined by a buzzing noise.) I'm coming, Neelix! (She heads back down with a hypo in her hand. Neelix screams.) Neelix! (Neelix has gone. A trail of mucus leads back down the Jefferies tube. (Janeway goes to Engineering, but it is deserted. She can hear a noise somewhere and climbs the ladder to the upper level around the warp core. A large case is there, and it contains weaponry. She strips down to her vest, keeping her comm. badge, and fills a backpack with small metal items. Finally she takes a hand phaser, a knife, and a phaser rifle. Rambo or Ripley Janeway locks and loads, ready for bear.) [Bridge] (Janeway has to force the turbolift doors to open properly. There is no one on the bridge, but there is mucus on the walls. As she works at a wall panel in an auxiliary Science station alcove, something buzzing rises up from behind the helm. The monitor says Distress Signal Protocol ready to encode.) This is Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager to anyone within range. My ship has been seized by unknown lifeforms. Require any and all assistance. (Transmitting on all subspace channels. Something bites her on the left arm. She squashes it. The monitor says it is scanning for lifeforms on all decks. Janeway runs a medical device over the bite, then the computer reports Lifesigns Located. Some are near the stern of the vessel, and some below the bridge.) [Mess hall] (The mess hall is full of unconscious people, mostly at tables. They have mucus on their skin, along with nasty boils.) Harry. Harry. (Kim wheezes for breath.) Oh, Chakotay. (Tiny insects fly out of the boil on his neck, then a massive three tentacled thing flies at Janeway, throwing her over a table. It prepares to dive at her with its central injector ready, and she blasts it into pieces. Clutching her side, she runs out into the corridor and into a turbolift.) [Sickbay] (Janeway tries to use a magnetic clamp to open the doors, and a hand puts a phaser at her throat.) Doctor, what's going on? What are those ow! Tell me what's happened. A macrovirus? What about the crew? Were any other gel packs infected? It's getting warmer in here, isn't it. Yes, on the bridge, I was bitten by one of them. Looks like I'll have to be your guinea-pig, Doctor. The crew, why are they all in the mess hall and the cargo bays? Tell me what happened after B'Elanna was exposed to the infected gel pack. How many of the larger macroviruses are there? Speak of the devil. The question is, how do we cure the rest of the crew? This antigen. Can it be distributed in a gaseous form? Leave that to me. All we have to do is get to Environmental Control on deck twelve. Not if I can help it. Prepare two canisters of antigen. We'll split up and take two different routes to Environmental Control. It'll double our chances. If you get there first, call me and I'll talk you through the repairs. We'll be right with you. [Jefferies tube] Take Jefferies tube eleven. What's wrong? Jefferies tube eleven. Take a left at Section 31 and straight down past the tractor beam emitter until you hit deck ten. Get out at section three and follow the corridor all the way around until Good luck. [Corridor] (Janeway splats three macroviruses.) Go ahead. Stay put, Doctor. I'm close to Environmental Control. [Environmental Control] Janeway to Doctor. I've got the Environmental Controls back online. I'm not sure [Environmental Control] But I think someone's firing at Voyager. Doctor, use the shuttle's sensors to find out what's happening and patch the data to me. It's the Tak Tak. Doctor, open a channel and hail their Captain. Consul, this is Captain Janeway. Why are you firing at us? Purifying? You're trying to destroy us. Wait. We've developed a cure but your torpedoes just stopped us getting it to our crew and putting an end to this. Yes. A synthetic antigen. We've tested it and it works. I can prove it to you, and I'd be willing to share the antigen with your people, but first you've got to stop attacking my ship. Give me a chance to save my crew. Doctor, we've got a problem. That last torpedo destroyed the secondary power couplings. I can't [Shuttlecraft] JANEWAY The only systems we still have access to are the ones with independent power sources. Shuttlecraft, life support, the holodecks. Doctor, you said the macroviruses are attracted to infra-red signatures. Right now you and I are the only targets left on board. What if we gave them something new to sink their teeth into? [Shuttlecraft] Doctor, it seems to be working. I've programmed the holo-characters to react to the viruses. We don't have much time. Grab your hypospray and get to the crew. You've got a clear path to the Mess hall and both cargo bays. I've put together what you might call an antigen bomb. Now all I have to do is drop it. (Janeway walks along a corridor to the open Holodeck doors. She sets the bomb timer for forty seconds but as she steps into the doorway to throw it, a macrovirus knocks her down and she drops both the bomb and her rifle. It lunges at her, and there is a struggle, until she rolls away and it bends its injector on the deck. She uses her knife to cut off one of its tentacles, then stabs it. With less than seven seconds left. she throws the bombs into the holodeck and runs away. There is an explosion of green gas.) [Shuttlecraft] Go ahead. And the ship? [Shuttlecraft] And we'd be willing to share the cure with you, if you'd be kind enough to forego destroying our ship. Good health. [Ready room] (Janeway is painting a pastoral scene whilst drinking a cup of tea and listening to jazz.) Come in. How's the crew holding up? I'm not surprised. Inform the crew that I'm granting extended R&R for all personnel, and work out the shift rotations. No, thank you, but have fun. Oh, on the contrary, I love to ski. Let's just say I've had enough of a workout for the time being.
  Report. That explains why my sonic shower was a little louder than usual. Gremlins. In the early days of aviation, engineers blamed imaginary little creatures called gremlins for malfunctions they could not explain. If I could have everyone's attention for a moment. We found a contaminant in the replicator system. It's nothing serious, but if any of you start to feel a little queasy, report to Sickbay immediately. In the meantime the galley is closed. Any component connected to the integrated circuitry can spread a contaminant. Where did it come from? With whom? Sister? I'm a little busy now. Can it wait? I'll be right back. [Bridge] OREK [on A problem, Mister Orek? Dilithium? I think there's been some sort of misunderstanding. That woman isn't me. Well, she's obviously an impostor. I have never been to your planet, Mister Orek, aboard Voyager or any other vessel. We are not questioning your integrity, Mister Orek. It does appear you've been cheated, but not by me or anyone one on my crew. Did you say orphaned children? Will you excuse me for a minute, please? (Janeway leaves)  Neelix. Never mind that. Tell me more about this cleric who gave you the heating coil. Everything.  That's when they gave you the heating coil? That's when they must have gotten access to our systems. Did you leave either of them alone at any point? About what? How long did this blessing last? That's probably all they needed. It was obviously some sort of scanner. It might help if they wanted to pose as Federation officers. Gentlemen, I believe you've been had. [Briefing room]  The way I see it, we're both victims. Your bolomite was stolen, and our reputation has been damaged. You said you had scanned the vessel that visited your mining colony. If you allow us to analyse them we might be able to derive the impostor's warp signature. It's obvious we're dealing with clever adversaries. They fooled both of us, but I'm confident we can stop them. In the meantime, the real thieves could be halfway across the sector, with your bolomite in their cargo hold. (Orek slides a triangular PADD across the briefing room desk.) [Dala's ship] Harry, tell Tom his coffee break is over. Set a pursuit course. Hail both vessels. Well, let's try to get their attention. Mister Tuvok. [Dala's ship] On screen. I have no argument with you. However, the vessel you're tractoring Sir, I think you've been misled. Target his tractor beam. Nobody is taking possession of the Seven, transport everyone on that vessel directly to the Brig. Harry, reroute additional power. Seven? Get us out of here, Mister Paris. Posing as a Starfleet captain, selling memberships to the Federation. Too bad we didn't think of it, Tuvok. Imagine the resources we could have acquired over the past six years. I have to admit, I'm impressed. Oh I don't know, I'd say we're very much alike. Resourceful, intelligent, ambitious. But with just one tiny difference. I'm not a liar and a thief. You're going to give me a detailed account of everyone you cheated, and exactly what you did with their property. Because if you don't, I'm turning you over to Telsian security. How much do you know about the Telsians? Tell her about your research, Mister Tuvok. On Telsian law. I think it's only fair that we let our guest know what to expect. Tell her about the prisons. I think she gets the general idea. If you make full restitution to your victims, I'll give you safe passage out of this area. I know it's hard for you to believe, but occasionally some of us tell the truth. How naive do you think I am? Tuvok, contact Telsian security. Tell them we have a prisoner to turn over. [Corridor]  Psoriasis? Considering I caught you off guard, I thought your performance was exemplary. Not yet. Let's give Dala some time to think about those barbaric prisons. I'm not sure. Something tells me she's just as stubborn as I am. I'm like you, Tuvok. Making it up as I go along. [Brig]  Can you get a lock? Keep trying. Tuvok.DALA [OC]: I'm outnumbered. Captain, I need assistance. [Cavern]
 Dismissed. Not until something shows up on sensors. We need to concentrate our efforts from here, Tom. All right? Dismissed. [Open Air Theatre] (The company are reading their new lines.)CHORUS B'Elanna ordered Harry into an escape pod. What's the longest he could survive? An L class planet. If B'Elanna made it there, it's possible Harry did too. Good night, Commander.
Wait a minute. I sense you'd be willing to settle for two fifty. I'll finish up here. Why don't you go get Neelix?(Janeway struggles with the concept of coinage. Neelix is at Talli's fruit stall.) Why? Why were you beating that man? He was confused. He said he didn't realise what he'd done. Can we help? You have our complete cooperation. Let me get this straight. Not only are you going to read my mind, you're going to record my thoughts. I guess it'd be pretty tough to keep a secret from you, hmm? (Janeway sits. Nimira turns on the device and pulls Janeway's head back against the rest before sitting at her own desk.) An hour, maybe a little longer. I'd never seen the victim, but the attacker. I think he was the same man who bumped into B'Elanna. Yes. They collided accidentally. He seemed to be in quite a hurry. I didn't think about it much, and no one was hurt. And I was busy trying to sort out the coins. I'm not used to handling currency. Are you saying it's a crime to think about violence? Even if B'Elanna had a violent thought, it was Frane who attacked that man. Yes, I can. I'll accept that your people can be influenced by the thoughts of others, but there were dozens of people in that square. How can you be certain it came from B'Elanna? I'd like to review that evidence myself, if you don't mind. What happens to B'Elanna now? Memory extraction. That's a dangerous procedure. Will you at least delay the procedure until I've had the time to review the evidence? Will you? That's all the time I'll need.(Torres is escorted away.)  [Transporter room] You know the rules, Tom. We can't pick and choose which laws we'll respect and which we won't.  [Corridor] Tell that to the Mari. I'm doing everything I can to stop it. Neelix is going to file a diplomatic protest, and Tuvok and I will be going over the witness statements. Maybe we can poke a few holes in the Chief Examiner's case. Then let's hope the Doctor can figure out how to reverse an engrammatic purge.  [Bridge] I'm not dismissing it. But I'm not going to accept it blindly either. I'm sure she is. No argument there. But I have a hard time buying that one fleeting thought makes her responsible for a vicious attack. Well, I'm sure their intentions are admirable, but I'm not about to let them scramble B'Elanna's brain without a fight. Maybe so. And then again, maybe not. Take a look at this. I don't mean to accuse your friend Nimira of being less than thorough, Tuvok, but don't you find that just the least bit curious?  [Briefing room] Try a multiphasic bioscan. On screen. Chief Examiner, have you had any luck locating Tuvok? I'd like to send a search party. Why not? Tom. I really don't think we pose a serious threat. It's imperative that you discontinue Lieutenant Torres' engrammatic extraction immediately.  [Transporter room] Commander Tuvok has found new evidence which proves her innocence.(Tuvok is beamed aboard without his comm. badge..)  [Briefing room] Then let's not waste any more time. Commander. Apparently, outlawing violent thought hasn't made it go away. All you've done is force people to share it in back alleys. Of course. Have a seat. I keep forgetting. Go right ahead. How so? Well, that would make a dull ride home. We seek out new races because we want to, not because we're following protocols. We have an insatiable curiosity about the universe. To you, maybe, but not to me or my crew. Our experience with the Mari gave us an insight into a culture we've never encountered. No. It's how we gain knowledge. Good. I dread the day when everyone on this ship agrees with me. I thank you for your opinion but our mission is not going to
Lieutenant Thomas Eugene Paris. I hereby reduce you to the rank of Ensign, and I sentence you to thirty days solitary confinement. Take Ensign Paris to the brig. Sorry to interrupt your fun, gentlemen, but long range sensors have picked up something interesting. No, that's the interesting part. On screen. (A blue planet. Uniformly blue all over.) Take us in closer, Tom. (Three vessels fly out of the water.) Open a channel. This is Captain Janeway of the Starship Voyager. Please identify yourselves. Shields. Red alert. Not yet. Voyager to approaching vessels. We have no hostile intentions. Target the lead ship and take out their weapons. I guess we got their attention. On screen. (A lipless humanoid appears.) Consul, we could have destroyed your ships, but we didn't. We have no interest in a fight. Because we're explorers, and we're fascinated by your ocean. And we'd like to learn more about it, and your people if you'd be willing. We'll be disappointed, but we'll leave you alone. Well, I'd be happy to give you a tour. [Corridor] I understand. We're also very protective of our own natural resources. And this is Voyager's command centre. Feel free to have a look around. My First Officer, Commander Chakotay. Mister Tuvok, escort our guest to the briefing room. Care to join us, Mister Paris? Any idea how the ocean came into existence? In my experience, it's a unique phenomenon. Makes sense. What do you mean? We'll do anything we can. Any idea what's causing it? 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. So your interest in history includes the nineteenth century as well? You'd think Admiral Paris might have understood his son's passion. So now you have an opportunity to make up for lost time. Good. It'd take at least a week to make the necessary modifications to Voyager. Bon voyage. [Corridor] Come in. (Chakotay escorts Burkus.)JANEWAY: I'm afraid we have some disturbing news. We've run a computer simulation to determine the rate of dissipation. It's worse than Mister Riga thought. I'm sorry. I know it sounds grim, but there may be some way to stop the process. You might have to consider evacuating. I can imagine how difficult this must be for you, but you will have to tell them. Red alert. All hands to battle stations. Do it. Try hailing the Delta Flyer again. They may be too deep to receive a transmission. It's possible. Clarify something for me. Are you more concerned about the lives of the people on that shuttle or your political career? [Delta Flyer] The deflector beam? Thomas Eugene Paris, I hereby reduce you to the rank of Ensign and I sentence you to thirty years of solitary confinement Lieutenant Torres will give you everything you need. Oh, we have a few more suggestions if you'd like to hear them. Lieutenant. What do you want me to do? Would you please excuse us, Lieutenant? I know you're upset, Lieutenant, but when you're in a room with me you check that attitude at the door, understood? We can't expect an entire society to change because we think they should. Yes, and we gave them the help they asked for. We told them what we know. Now it's up to them to do what they think is appropriate. Maybe not, but that's their prerogative. End of discussion, Lieutenant. At fourteen hundred hours, we'll resume a course for the Alpha Quadrant. Is that clear. Is that clear? Tom. (The Flyer plunges into the ocean.)JANEWAY:  Hail him. Mister Paris is acting without authorisation. According to our scans, Mister Riga is with him. I have to assume they intend to take some sort of radical action to protect the ocean. Janeway to Paris. Return to Voyager immediately. Lieutenant, you are disobeying a direct order. What the hell are they up to? Can we reach them with phasers? Do it. On screen. Can you get them our in time? Do it. I'll find a way to protect your refinery. End transmission. Giving us a window of opportunity, As far as I'm concerned, he forfeited his status as a protected member of this crew the second he launched that shuttle. [Delta Flyer] Hail him. Lieutenant Paris, this is your final warning. Arm the torpedo. Stand down, Mister Paris. [Bridge] Or I will open fire. Fire. [Delta Flyer] Their missile? Lieutenant Thomas Eugene Paris. You are guilty of insubordination, unauthorised use of a spacecraft, reckless endangerment, and conduct unbecoming an officer. Do you have anything to say? In doing so, you disobeyed my direct orders. You violated the protocols that govern this crew. You nearly caused an armed conflict with the Moneans. And frankly, you're lucky to be standing here right now. I would have destroyed your shuttle if necessary. You don't know that. I understand your passion, but passion alone doesn't give you the right to take matters into your own hands. Four years ago, I released you from prison and gave you a fresh start. Until now, you've been a fine officer. Your service on this ship has been exemplary. I really believed you were past this kind of conduct. I admire your principles, Tom, but I can't ignore what you've done. I hereby reduce you to the rank of Ensign, and I sentence you to thirty days solitary confinement. Take Ensign Paris to the brig.
Thank you, Doctor. We've all enjoyed your holo-images enormously. Definitely grounds for court martial. [Mess hall] Shields up. Evasive manoeuvres. Go to warp eight! Everybody hang on! (The wave overtakes them, then leaves them in peace.) JANEWAY: All stop. Stand down red alert. Let's hear it. (Short screeches.) It's strange. The wave followed us but it didn't cause any damage. Instead, we get a download to our database. I'd say it's a pretty good bet somebody's trying to tell us something. Set a course. (Later, they arrive at a  spaceship.)JANEWAY: Looks like it's taken quite a beating. Beam it to Sickbay. I'm betting that message we received was some sort of distress call. And if we're going to help, I'd rather do it on Voyager. [Sickbay] That would explain how it can fly a ship. Janeway to Kim. Beam the alien lifeform [Bridge] JANEWAY Can we get a lock on the creature, transport it off? Maybe we can do better than giving you a crash course in exobiology. Maybe we can provide you with a consultant. By isolating the computer's exobiology data files and merging them into a an interactive matrix. Exactly. Search the database for the leading exobiologist. If you want to add a personality, it may as well be based on a real person. I'll have Harry meet you in holodeck two. I've instructed the computer to assign symbols to all the tones received in the transmission. It's going to be a tough code to crack. Good idea. Janeway to Seven of Nine. Any chance of downloading the alien's databanks? [Engineering] JANEWAY Can you download the information first? [Engineering] Ensign, back us off. (The alien ship goes KaBOOM!) [Sickbay] It was a distress call, right? So maybe if we retransmitted that message others of the species would realise we need their help. We'll send it on all subspace bands. If they're out there, they'll hear it. The Doctor's pretty sure the alien is simply trying to survive. I agree. It'll be a difficult first contact, but we might find a way to communicate. Tuvok, reroute auxiliary power to the deflector dish. Retransmit the alien's message on all subspace bands. Chakotay. (The deflector dish blasts the message into space.) [Holodeck - Moset's lab] All right, all right. The arguments have been made and we're running out of time. The fact is, you're both right, but when it comes down to it, the only issue I'm concerned about is the well-being of that crew member lying in Sickbay. We'll wrestle with the morality of this situation later, after B'Elanna is back on her feet. Doctor, you Any consequences of this decision will be my responsibility. Dismissed. I hear it too. Anything on sensors? On screen. (It is identical to the earlier vessel. The noise gets louder.) Harry, tell me that was just their way of saying hello. Well, then, let's give them one. Open a channel, all subspace bands. This is Captain Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. We cannot interpret your message but please try to understand. We are on a peaceful mission and we intend you no harm. We have one of your kind on board our ship. It's injured, and we're attempting to provide treatment. If you can understand this(The screeching returns.) [Holodeck - Moset's lab] Stand by, Doctor. No. If they wanted to destroy us, they wouldn't be using a tractor beam. They're trying to rescue their crew member. This isn't about logic, Tuvok, it's about instinct. Now I may not speak their language, but I have a gut feeling they don't want an armed conflict any more than we do. Bridge to Doctor. What's your status? [Holodeck - Moset's lab] Doctor? [Holodeck - Moset's lab] You're welcome. [Ready room] Her condition? Good work. It sounds like her Klingon temper has fully recovered. I'll speak to her. I'm inclined to leave this up to you, Doctor. You're the Chief Medical Officer on this ship. As far as I'm concerned, there's no one more qualified than you to make that decision. But please make it quickly. I'm eager to resolve this matter. There's been enough moral controversy on this ship for one day. [Torres' quarters] At ease. Interesting fragrance. I'm surprised it hasn't set off the environmental alarms. Feeling any better? I hope you can understand why I went against your wishes, B'Elanna. Losing you was unacceptable. I know you're angry, but we need to put this behind us. Understood? Yes. And what emotion is that? I'm the Captain. You're my crewman. I did what I thought best. I get the feeling there are still a few demons in the air. Let's hope this does the trick, huh? [Holodeck - Moset's lab]
Report! Mister Paris, can you identify the source of the wave? Differentially charged? That would suggest a massive detonation. Are you familiar with any intelligent life forms in this system, Mister Neelix? Adjust course to investigate. On screen. (A grey cratered ball.) Life signs? Take us into orbit. Or there was. What do we know about surface conditions? Mister Paris, Tuvok, you're with me. Miss Torres, meet us in transporter room two. Commander, you have the Bridge. [Ruined plaza] (The away team beam down into the night of a scene of devastation, like the aftermath of a war. Tuvok puts his phaser away and they all take out their tricorders.) There was a chain reaction in subspace, very likely triggered by the detonation of one or more polaric ion devices. At least it happened quickly. Polaric detonation would have swept through this city in seconds. I'm not so sure there was a war. Look at these readings, B'Elanna. I'd say these conduits were the source of the explosion, wouldn't you? That's what it looks like. A time bomb underneath every street, running into every home. [Kes's quarters] (Kes is crying.) You never left here, Tom. You were standing here the whole time. I want everyone to stand exactly where they are. If Tuvok's right, there may be subspace fractures floating like icebergs across the planet's surface. Away team to Voyager. Four to beam up. (Then Janeway is in the sunlight with Paris) [Plaza] (Janeway uses her comm. badge.) Tuvok! B'Elanna! Janeway (A young boy starts screaming. A local law officer comes over to him.) I'm sorry we startled him. We just came around the corner. Perhaps the uniform scared him. We're not from this area. This morning. We were actually looking for a clothing shop. We thought we'd change into something more appropriate. We can assume that Voyager will be looking for a way to reach us. I'll set my comm. badge to emit a subspace beacon. If they get close, maybe they'll pick it up. I know. Don't even think about it, Tom. The Prime Directive is clear. We cannot allow our presence to alter this planet's natural course of events. Yeah. He considered it the guiding principle of space exploration. Well, tune back into this one, because I agree with him. You have no idea what the consequences might be once you involve yourself. You're not to warn these people. That's an order. (The young boy is back, and staring at them.) Oh, god. Come on. (The boy runs and stops in front of them.) Young man, we're here on a business trip and we have a lot of work to do. That's right, we're from Kalto Province. Well the attendant was wrong. That was us. Let's concentrate on getting out of here. (Paris examines the energy conduit running along the side of the plaza.) If we had access to a polaric ion generator, we could modify a tricorder to emit a polaric field. At the very least it might help us scan for a fracture. We're from Kalto Province. We were hoping to tour your power facility, compare it to our own. Well, now you have. We're not spies. Not since we left home. Janeway. Not where I'm from. I don't see any point in this. I don't know. I have no idea. (The young boy is carried in, struggling.) The boy has nothing to do with any of this. No, he's just somebody we met here. Look, this is all a misunderstanding. They're for surveying property. I've been thinking of buying land here. I need to survey it. A patriot? And I take it very few people here agree with you. Wait a minute.  [Ruined room] (Kes feels a presence pass through her.) Kes. It is my real name. Captain Kathryn Janeway of the Federation Starship Voyager. [Ruined room] You wanted the truth, all right, here's the truth. We're from the future. Exactly one day in the future. In a few hours from now there will be a serious accident on this world. It will be caused by a polaric detonation. We came here in an interstellar ship to investigate that explosion. When we arrived, we were exposed to the polaric radiation. [Room] It's very likely that what ever you're planning to do could be responsible for this tragedy. The explosion had an after-effect that no one expected. It created fractures in time. We fell through one of those fractures. No, but they are for communication. My crew is trying to contact me. I told them the truth when I realised we'd already violated the Prime Directive in the worst possible manner. Just by being here. Because if we hadn't been here it's very possible this world would not have been destroyed. Think about it, Tom. Before we got involved, these people were planning to commit some kind of sabotage next week. We were the ones who forced a change in their schedule. Because of us, they decided to begin today at four hundred rotations, and we know the detonation takes place today at just after four hundred and one . We've travelled back to a point in time before the explosion, so, yes, we can be responsible for it. Who knows what might have happened between now and then. They could have been arrested before they got a chance to carry it out, conditions at the plant might not have been the same next week. But it's become our problem now, Tom, and we have got to find a way to solve it. [Briefing Room] I cannot and will not do anything to help you. I am a hostage. These men are here to break into the plant. (The guard backs away, so Makull shoots him. Latika tries to get away. Paris gets between Terla and the boy, and Terla shoots him in the side. While Janeway and Latika go to Paris, Makull and Terla shoot at the guard post and break into the power plant.) Will you stay with him until help arrives? I'll be back for you. Just hand that bag to me.  [Ruined corridor] Everybody on this planet has less than three minutes to live if you go through with this, Makull. Don't! I assume you're going to sabotage the plant, probably by detonating some kind of device. That may be true, but something will go wrong. Give me the bag. (Makull clutches it to his chest.) All right then, we'll wait. [Ruined corridor] What time is it? We'll just wait until twenty three. They're cutting through subspace. Our own rescue attempt. That's what sets it off! My weapon may be able to seal that hole. It's our only chance. (Makull opens the bag and Janeway takes out a phaser. She fires it at the growing wormhole.)  [Ruined corridor] Yes, Commander. Are you familiar with any intelligent life forms in this system, Mister Neelix? Mister Tuvok, any indications of trouble on that M-class planet? Is it populated? Which means, as a policy, we don't involve ourselves in their affairs. There it is. (Blue and with clouds.) Enter the planet's co-ordinates into the log and maintain present heading, Commander, warp six.
Break off your pursuit or we'll open fire. Is it? You've scanned our vessel. You know we can match your firepower. Survivors?. Debris status. Begin a salvage operation. There might be something we can use. Weapons, a transwarp coil. I don't know about the rest of you, but I feel lucky today. [Cargo Bay two] Their propulsion system, anything left? It's lighter than I expected. It must be some kind of polytrinic alloy. Let's hope our little skirmish got back to the hive mind. Maybe they'll think twice before they attack us again. What is it? Thanks for the warning. By my count, we've added at least two years to our journey by avoiding the Borg. I'm tired of turning tail every time we detect a Cube. Mmm. Commander? Now what makes you say that? Well, I'll have to keep an eye on that. Excellent. Why don't you deactivate it for now? Well, let's take a look. Time? Do it. [Mess hall] Are there any dangers along our present course? What about that vessel? Limping home. I want a detailed schematic of this vessel, down to the power distribution nodes. I think we've just struck gold. [Briefing room] So what we have here in two simple words is, Fort Knox. Tom, translate? Keep going. And no one ever managed to break into that facility, right? As a matter of fact. Except we're not chasing gold. We're going to steal a transwarp coil. Think it might come in handy? Long enough to take what we want and get out in one piece. but we'd have to plan this operation down to the millisecond. There would be no margin for error. As I see it, we plan an intercept course that won't attract their attention, then create a diversion to keep them occupied so we can send in an away team to obtain the technology. It's all yours. This is no time for protocol. Get started. The sphere is three days away by maximum warp. Set a course. Chakotay, I want an outline for our heist by tomorrow morning. We've proven ourselves against the Borg once before, twice before, but we're always the ones under attack. I think it's time to do a little assimilating of our own, hmm? Dismissed. [Ready room] I was hoping you'd be a little more vocal. Any thoughts? I'd like to narrow that list of variables. I was hoping your parents might provide us with a few insights. I've been looking over the records we found on the U.S.S. Raven. Your parents kept extensive field notes, detailed journals. There are over nine thousand log entries alone. On the contrary, Seven. They spent their careers studying the Borg. They tracked a cube at close range for what, two years? Well, I'd say that made them experts. I want you to study their research. Look for any data that might give us a tactical edge. Look, these records have been collecting dust in our database for over a year. You say they're irrelevant, and I say you've been avoiding them. You're the best person for the job, but I'll assign it to Chakotay if I Have we been detected? On screen. Magnify. (The Borg Sphere has bits missing.) They could still pose a threat. Let's not get too close. Match their course and speed. Keep a distance of ten million kilometres.  (Seven enters.) Seven, scan the vessel. I want to know their current status. How long until they have transwarp? We may not get this opportunity again, and I don't intend to miss it. Whatever it takes, double shifts, round the clock simulations, I want to be ready. (Seven is walking through the Borg Sphere carrying a pattern enhancer, and Janeway is behind her with a phaser rifle. Tuvok and Kim are another Tuvok, now.TUVOK: What was our time? Twelve seconds too late. Once we disable their sensor grid we only have two minutes until it regenerates. [Holodeck - Bridge] There's too much shielding. I've already explored that option. It won't work. Well, keep investigating. We've run enough simulations for one day. Let's work on refining our tactics, anything we can do to shave a few more seconds off our little heist. Computer, end programme. [Corridor] I don't know about you but I知 glad to be back on Voyager. Borg vessels make my skin crawl. Close enough. We just spent the last three hours dodging drones. It didn't bother you? You seemed a little nervous in there. You were reluctant to look at your parents' research and now I sense you're a little reluctant to go on this mission. Maybe I知 pushing you too fast. It's easier said than done. It's been over two years since you came face to face with the Collective. Are you sure you're up to it? I need everybody working at peak efficiency. No, I知 simply voicing my concerns. I hope so, because the next time we won't be on the holodeck. Coffee? You look like you could use some. It's a human vice you might want to try one day. Keeps you sharp. I've been fine-tuning our game plan for tomorrow morning, and I've decided to reassign you to the bridge. I'm concerned about Voyager's safety, and if the Sphere decides to attack I'll need your expertise at Tactical. B'Elanna will do just fine in your place. You underestimate the rest of us. This is more than just a question of tactics. I'm concerned about your well-being, and your ability to perform on this mission. Is it? I'm not the only one who's worried about you. Chakotay, Neelix, the Doctor, we've all noticed changes in your behaviour. You are preoccupied, agitated, and you're making mistakes. Don't get me wrong. I appreciate your efforts, and we couldn't have come this far without your help, but it's obviously taken its toll. If I'd realised how those journals were going to affect you, I never would have pushed you to read them. And I'm not about to ask you to face the Collective in your present frame of mind. I've made my decision, Seven. You sound awfully certain about that. And I know you. There's more to what you're saying. What's wrong? Seven. You've made remarkable progress as an individual and as a member of this crew. For what it's worth, Voyager wouldn't be the same without you. BORG Shuttle status? Commander, increase the energy output of the shuttle's warp Seven, are you all right? Tuvok, now.TUVOK: Activate the charges. [Bridge] Seven, keep moving! I can't let you do that. Keep moving. That's an order. (A forcefield flickers into existence between Janeway and Seven.) I'm not leaving without you. Bridge, we're in position. Three to beam up. Energise. [Bridge] She had a change of heart. Report. Pursuit course. Target their propulsion system. The Sphere? Launch a class five probe. Scan for residual transwarp signatures. Why choose this moment to rejoin the Collective? She's had any number of opportunities to leave before now. Two days ago, she told me Voyager had become her Collective. Makes sense. No, leave it alone. [Ready room] Computer, isolate the sensor readings for time index one one four point six. Identify source. Isolate the sensor readings for time index one six six point two. Source? Computer, run a transpectral analysis on all subspace fluctuations. (doorbell) Yes? Whatever it is, I'm sure Commander Chakotay can handle Proposal? Oh. You created this plan all by yourself? The Delta Quadrant is a very big place, and Seven could be thousands of light years from here. You've been spending too much time in Engineering. I'm afraid it's not quite that simple. But thank you, Crewman. Your initiative is duly noted. There are three things to remember about being a Starship Captain. Keep your shirt tucked in, go down with the ship, and never abandon a member of your crew. Take a look at this, Naomi. What do you see? These aren't random energy fluctuations. They're Borg comm. signals, and they were all directed at Cargo Bay two. It sure looks that way. Come on. [Borg Queen's chamber] They match the ones that were sent to Seven. What did the Hansens learn about this Queen? One thing is certain. She contacted Seven of Nine, and the next day Seven rejoined the Borg. Obviously, she exerts some influence. Instructed, coerced. She insisted she join the away team. She was adamant that if she didn't board that Sphere, our mission would fail. Sounds to me like she was being threatened. My instincts told me she was holding something back, but I, I didn't pursue it. I let her go. What's running through that Collective mind of yours? You've got thousands of species to choose from, billions of individuals. Why Seven of Nine? You should've assimilated us while you had the chance. I want you to keep analysing the Hansens' database. Compile a list of every technology they created to track the Borg. Assemble a team of engineers to assist you. Oh? We won't make the same mistake. [Bridge] This will be a long range tactical rescue. It could take days, even weeks, before we find our missing crewman. Lieutenant Torres is equipping the Delta Flyer with the transwarp coil. It'll allow us to cover more territory. An away team will take it into transwarp space, where Tuvok believes we can track the sphere that abducted Seven of Nine. Thanks to the Hansens, we'll be well prepared for an encounter with the Borg. Their multi-adaptive shielding will make the Flyer virtually invisible to Borg sensors, and narrow beam transporters will allow us to penetrate the Sphere. Mister Paris, you'll man the helm. Commander Tuvok, tactical. Doctor, there's no telling what condition Seven will be in when we find her. You'll come along. I'll be leading the away team. The rest of you will remain on Voyager and maintain position at the threshold of our transwarp conduit. We may need tactical support when we return. You'll be taking your orders from Commander Chakotay. We'll be searching for one individual among thousands of drones. But she's one of us and I'm not about to let her go. Let's get started. [Delta Flyer] Bring the coil online. Prepare for transwarp. Compensating. Engage, Mister Paris. Steady as she goes. Doctor, are you all right? Adjust our course and follow it, Mister Paris. Full speed ahead. [Borg Queen's chamber] Hmm. Yes? What if she's already been linked to the hive mind? I'll give you a hand. I've been poring over their last log entries for any details we might have missed. I want to make sure history doesn't repeat itself. They could have studied the Borg for another three decades and still have barely scratched the surface. I agree their methods were unorthodox, but that's been true of most great explorers. We'll get her back, Doctor, with her parents' help. Red alert. Bring the multi-adaptive shielding online. Set a Did they detect us? Any sign of our Sphere? Take us in, Mister Paris, minimum thrusters. Begin scanning for Seven, Tuvok. Seven of Nine, we're searching for you. Try to hang on. Our transmission's being deflected. I'm not certain. Set a course, Mister Paris. [Borg Queen's chamber] They've detected us. Remodulate the shields. Evasive manoeuvres. We won't fool their sensors much longer. Tuvok? Can you get a lock on her? Take us to within transporter range. [Borg Queen's chamber] Can we beam into one of these adjoining corridors? Time for the bio-dampeners. Tom, hold our position. Target that chamber with full weapons. Stand by to fire on my command. Do it. [Borg Sphere] Tuvok. Do it. (A Borg walks through the forcefield and straight past them.)JANEWAY: Tuvok, give me the subdermal probe. [Borg Queen's Chamber] It's offline. Then I'd better hurry. You've got to disable the shield matrix around that chamber. [Delta Flyer] Don't listen to her, Seven. She's irrelevant. Call them off or I'll destroy you. Don't be so sure. My tactical officer is disabling the shields around this room. Tom, status. Let her go, or I'll give the order to fire. Better than being one of you. Tom, high-yield torpedoes, full spread. Fire on my command. (The drones stop advancing on Janeway.) [Delta Flyer] Hold your fire. Beam us out of here. Seven, shut down that field. I'm giving you an order. Tom, energise. Bring the coil online. Prepare for transwarp. (The Queen's shuttle is also in pursuit.)JANEWAY: Tom? Maintain course. How long to the rendezvous coordinates? Reroute power from life support. I'd rather suffocate than vaporise. Do it! [Bridge] The Borg vessel? Remodulate shields. We've got Seven, but there's a Borg vessel right behind us. Voyager, report. Clear us for docking. We're coming home. [Bridge] I see you've picked up some bad habits. The Doctor told you to regenerate for at least two days. You're violating a direct medical command. Borg tactical data? How so? Looks like you still have a few things to learn. Time to regenerate. No, now. That's an order. Sweet dreams. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ｮ is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright ｩ 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Come in. Let's get it over with. None. How's the crew? That's a relief. Maybe next week. I don't remember that. Could your holo-imager have misinterpreted the scans? B'Elanna and Harry are both busy with the plasma relay repairs. Let's make sure you're next up on the list. Thank you, Doctor. [Astrometrics lab] Run a deck by deck security sweep. Report to the Astrometrics lab and recalibrate the sensors. See if you can detect any cloaked vessels nearby. No, I want you to deactivate yourself for now. We'll erect a security field around the main computer and encrypt all pathways leading to your programme. If someone does try to tamper with you again, I want to be ready. It's for your own safety, Doctor. Thank you for bringing this to my attention. Absolutely. Dismissed. [Doctor's office]  Believe me, I was there. Oh? And how would you know? It was the 77th Emperor's Cup. Takashi forced Kar-pek out of the circle in less than three seconds. I had a fifth row seat. If this is another house call, it'll have to wait. As you can see, I've got a mutiny on my hands. In my ready room. [Ready room] I don't intend to. Yes. You were damaged during the incident. It caused a conflict in your programming that couldn't be resolved. I had no choice but to deny you access to your memories of If I told you that, I might set the whole thing in motion again. Yes. It'll have to be. I've made a command decision for your own benefit and the welfare of this entire crew. I'm not willing to debate it. If the operation saved my life? I could live with it. Whether you believe me or not is beside the point. A year and a half ago the only solution was to rewrite your programme. I have to perform that same procedure now. You're malfunctioning, and you need to be repaired. Return to Sickbay and wait for my orders. [Sickbay] There's a time and a place for philosophical discussion. Two in the morning in my quarters isn't one of them. But I'll tell you what. Meet me in the mess hall tomorrow. And violated his rights as an individual. If you've come to act as my conscience, you're a little late. I considered these issues eighteen months ago, as I did again this morning. I came to the same conclusion. Coffee, black. (she takes a sip.) Lukewarm. Now I've told that replicator a dozen times about the temperature of my coffee. It just doesn't seem to want to listen. Almost as if it's got a mind of its own. But it doesn't. A replicator operates through a series of electronic pathways that allow it to receive instructions and take appropriate action, and there you go. A cup of coffee, a bowl of soup, a plasma conduit, whatever we tell it to do. As difficult as it is to accept, the Doctor is more like that replicator than he is like us. I'm sure he would, but I can't let that change my decision. I learned that the hard way when his programme almost self-destructed. I won't take that risk again. If one of my crew chose to put a phaser to his own head, should I let him? It always depends on the situation, Seven, but we can debate philosophy another time. You're a human being. He's a hologram. Objection noted. Good night. We exchanged fire for another few minutes, then the aliens withdrew. There was only one casualty. Ensign Jetal.  We are assembled here today to pay final respects to our honoured dead, Ensign Ahni Jetal. Her intelligence and her charm have made our long journey home seem not quite so long. As she continues on a journey of her own, we will keep her in our hearts and in our memories.(Tuvok fires Jetal's torpedo casing coffin into space.) [Memories - Mess hall]  It was downhill from there. You developed a feedback loop between your ethical and cognitive subroutines. You were having the same thoughts over and over again. We couldn't stop it. You were performing your duty. Doctor. Computer, deactivate the EMH. It's as though there's a battle being fought inside him, between his original programming and what he's become. Our solution was to end that battle. What if we were wrong? Still, we allowed him to evolve, and at the first sign of trouble? We gave him a soul, B'Elanna. Do we have the right to take it away now? I'm having trouble with the nature of individuality. There's a time and a place for it. This is one of them. After I freed you from the Collective, you were transformed. It's been a difficult process. Was it worth it? What do you mean? I'm not sure if he's making any sense of this experience, or if his programme's just running in circles. I'll be all right. Go back to the bridge.  (Tuvok leaves. Janeway returns to her book.) It helps me think. You. This book is relevant to your situation. Poetry, written on Earth a thousand years ago. La Vita Nuova. What do you mean? Oh, sorry. It's been a long day. You were saying? Nothing. I have a headache. I'll live. Doctor. Doctor, I'm a little busy right now, helping a friend. Are you sure? Good night. If you need anything.
Full impulse. Bridge to transporter room one. Standby for emergency beamout. [Transporter room] Where did it come from? Using his genetic code as a template to create a lifeform. Tuvok, erect a level ten forcefield around this section. Post round the clock security. The alternative is to pull the plug, and I'm not prepared to do that. Not unless I have to. Resume your analysis. I want to know exactly what we're dealing with here. Or should I say whom? Reactive body armour? Multidimensional adaptability? Internal transporter nodes? Hold on a minute, Seven. I want some answers first. What normally happens when a drone disengages from the maturation chamber? So without those instructions, it has no designation, right? No purpose. If we can keep him from interfacing with the Collective, maybe we can give him a purpose. This is the most advanced drone ever to exist. We could teach him our values, Seven. We could show him what it means to be an individual. What I'm proposing is the only defence we have against that possibility, short of murder, and that's an order I'd prefer not to give. As I recall, Seven, there were a few crew members who had similar doubts about you. Is it? A Borg, disconnected from the Collective, unsure of its identity? A potential threat, but we succeeded. We're going to pull the same trick again, only this time you're going to be the teacher. Think of it as first contact, and you are our ambassador. [Science lab] (Seven enters with Tuvok.) I'm just fine, thank you. One? And how are you today, One? Adapting to life on Voyager? Why, yes. More than sufficient. In fact, I'd say you were making excellent progress. And this isn't an assessment, One. I simply wanted to meet you. Permission granted. (One leaves. A security officer follows him.) You've done a remarkable job. Not only has he absorbed an incredible amount of knowledge in a matter of days, but he seems to be fitting in with the crew and developing a distinct personality. Then why do I get the feeling something's bothering you. Ah. And you're worried that if he learns about them he may be drawn to the Collective. Maybe we should tell him what he wants to know. I'd rather he learned about the Borg from us than the Collective. Well, we can delay telling him for now, but keep in mind the drone is becoming an individual. Seven, he has the right to know. Sooner or later, we'll have to answer his questions. [Cargo Bay two] The drone transmitted a Borg proximity signal. Wake him. Check his transceiver. A Borg fail-safe device. Seven. I think it's time we showed our drone what the Borg are all about. [Astrometrics lab] (A rapid slide show is on the big screen.) If you did that, you'd no longer be unique. The Borg would destroy your individuality. Very. The Borg are the most destructive force we've ever encountered. They've assimilated billions of individuals against their will. That's because she's regained her individuality. If the Borg had the chance, they'd take it away from her again. They'd assimilate everyone on Voyager. With your advanced technology, the Collective would become even more destructive. We have to prevent that from happening but we can't do it without you. We need your abilities to enhance our defences, shields, weapons. Will you help us resist them? We just ran out of time. [Corridor] On screen. Open a channel. Can you enhance our phasers? Do it. When he's finished, target their propulsion system. Be prepared to jump to warp, Mister Paris. Harry, lock on to the drone. Stand down red alert. Tuvok, secure all stations. Organise damage control teams, Chakotay. Get a lock on him. Beam him to Sickbay. [Sickbay]
