Ensign Kim, scan the Bridge. I just saw myself cross the Bridge and enter that turbolift. It was very faint, almost like a ghost image. And I looked like hell. Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, how long until we can use the main sensor array? Congratulations, Samantha. She's adorable. Have you thought of a name? Let me know as soon as you decide. I've been making a blanket for her. All that's missing is an initial. Get some rest. How's our other patient doing? Almost? Not yet. But I intend to find out. Can you wake her? Good, because I think she's going to have an interesting story to tell. (Shortly afterwards, our Kes is awake.) We also found this lying next to you. It's a piece of damaged conduit. Our analysis shows it's from Voyager, deck fifteen, section twenty nine alpha, bulkhead zero five two. But there's no damage to deck fifteen or anywhere else on this ship. The evidence would seem to suggest that you've come from a different ship, a different Voyager. We did find a spatial rift on deck fifteen. It's possible that it somehow connects us to this other Voyager. I'm not sure. Almost everything about the Voyager Kes described is identical to ours. We've had similar experiences, similar personal histories. We both entered a plasma cloud to avoid the Vidiians. Both of our engines stalled as we left the cloud, which caused both of our antimatter supplies to drain. And then we both decided to keep our engines running by emitting proton bursts. But after that, our experiences diverged. We started emitting the proton bursts. They didn't. That's more than a coincidence. Janeway to Engineering. B'Elanna, I want you to stop the proton bursts immediately. [Voyager 2 - Engineering] TORRES I'll explain later, Lieutenant. Yes. So where is the other ship? Quantum theorists at Kent State University ran an experiment in which a single particle of matter was duplicated using a divergence of subspace fields, a spatial scission. Matter. But not antimatter. In that Kent State experiment, they were able to duplicate normal matter, but when they tried to duplicate antimatter particles, the experiment failed. Like Siamese twins linked at the chest, with only one heart. I don't know. But whatever it is, we're going to have to coordinate it with the other ship. Start working on a way to communicate with them. The only link we know of is on deck fifteen, the spatial rift. We're going to need a way to send Kes back through safely. Get on it. [Voyager 2 - Sickbay] WILDMAN Have you tried remodulating the comm. frequency carrier? There has to be a way. If they were recalibrating their carrier wave at the same time so we could match phase variance, would that allow us to connect? Maybe we need something a little more primitive. Is there a signal we could emit on all subspace bands just to get their attention? That might be enough. Give it a try. [Engineering] What kind of communication can we establish? That should be enough. [Engineering] Captain, this isn't an illusion. What you're seeing is real, but it's going to take some explaining. (Later.) This is Janeway. What have you decided? Good. When can we start? We'll be ready. I understand. We're standing by, Captain. I think you should take the lead in this operation since you may have to make allowances for your ship's weakened power systems. What went wrong? The lives of both crews are at stake here. I can't make unilateral decisions that might affect that other ship. Janeway to Kim. Is the spatial rift [Voyager 2 - Bridge] JANEWAY Understood. Are you ready? Command and Control is in main Engineering. Let's go. [Engineering] I agree, Captain. And I think we need to talk. (They go to the upper level.) By my estimates, our antimatter supply will run out in less than half an hour. Just like original Kent State experiment. The duplicate atoms couldn't occupy the same point in space time for very long before What are our options? I'm afraid not. We've been studying that theory. B'Elanna tells me that any attempt to disrupt the antimatter supply will destroy us all. What about evacuating your crew to my ship? It might get a little crowded, but we could manage. You're going to self-destruct your ship. Because that's what I would do if your Voyager were intact, and my Voyager were crippled, my crew wounded or dead. I'd sacrifice my ship so that yours could survive. I didn't say I agree, I said I understand. I'm not willing to let you make that sacrifice yet. We haven't explored all the options. Captain, I'm not going to let you All right. I'll go back. But give me fifteen minutes to come up with another solution. After that, it's your decision. To both of us. [Voyager 2 - Bridge] Hail them. Captain, I've got an idea. Actually, it was yours. It might be possible to realign the phase displacement between us. Red alert. [Engineering] Yes. Stand by. Tuvok? Mister Kim, how many Vidiians are there on the ship? On screen. We've been boarded. The Vidiians are on the verge of taking over our ship. Are they on yours? No. If we do that, the Vidiians might become aware of your Voyager. That would put both ships at risk. I'm not about to let that happen. I'll destroy this ship. True. But there is something else I can do for you. I'm going to send Harry Kim through the rift with Ensign Wildman's baby. Somehow, it seems only fair. Just make me a promise, Kathryn. Get your crew home. Harry, you've got five minutes. Get the baby. Move it, Ensign! That's an order! Computer, initiate the self-destruct sequence. Authorisation Janeway pi one one zero. Set at five minutes and mute voice warnings. Enable. Hello. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway. Welcome to the Bridge.
