I'm not one to dictate who your friends are, but I'm sure you can see as clearly as I can that some friends are less suitable than others. Yes. You promised you wouldn't see him anymore and then I heard you were talking to him again the other day. Korenna, don't you see I am thinking of him as well as you? Now you only encourage him this way and that isn't very fair, is it? You know, one of the things I love about you most is your compassion for others. But you're still young, and you don't realise that there are some people who might take advantage of that compassion. Now, I want you to promise me if he comes up to you again you'll just walk away. That should be clear enough. And finish your tarin juice. It's good for you. (Torres/Korenna takes a mouthful of the blue liquid and he leaves.) Once I stood where you are during the early days of interstellar exploration. It was an important leap forward for our people and I was proud to be part of it. Today, with the advent of terraforming, we stand ready to take another leap forward into an era of expansion and colonisation. You will show us the way. There are some who resist progress. Do not let the voices of fear and ignorance discourage you. Claim your rightful place as leaders of a new era. The future of Enara is in your hands. (applause) Now today we honour a group of young people who represent our best hope for that future. It is a great pleasure to give this first award to my own daughter, Korenna. (She steps forward to have the medallion placed around her neck.) I'm so very proud of you. (She meets Dathan in a shady colonnade at the side of the square.) Korenna, are you ready? You'll do well. I'll be there with you. Of course. Although it's impossible to understand what these Regressives want. They simply don't think like we do. How do we relate to people who refuse all but the most primitive technology? Who live their lives without a communications interlink or microfusion generators? Well, they can. That's why we're helping them to resettle. So that they can be completely comfortable practicing a way of life that they've chosen. Well, you wouldn't say that if you'd ever been inside that place. Do you realise they won't even use radioseptics to sterilise their homes or their hands before they eat? It's a miracle they haven't started a plague by now. Yes, it is, and we've been tolerant for a very long time, but I think by now even they realise that they'd be better off living somewhere else. Well, there are always some people who resist change even if they know it's best for them, and once they see their friends and family happily settled in a new colony, they'll want to go as well. [B'Elanna's dream - Town square] Where is he? Did you warn him? Did you tell him he was on the list? Korenna! (She hides Dathan in the bathroom.) I've always said you have the talent to play professionally. How are you feeling? Well, don't think about it any more. That Regressive was completely irrational. He attacked you for no reason. I know there are some very disturbing rumours coming from these people. You may have heard them from that boy. You know, the thing that is so insidious about these Regressives is that they pretend to be passive, not harming anyone, and all the while they're spreading their lies, trying to make you believe these awful things. They have some twisted ideas about resisting progress, which they think gives them the right to hold us back in any way that they can. They're trying to undermine us, to cause dissent and doubt. Just look at how they've affected you. Yes, but it isn't very plausible. Korenna, think. A secret conspiracy against their people? Organised murder on such an enormous scale? Do you really believe that your family and friends are capable of that? Of course not. Now I know how hard it is for you to accept that anyone, even Regressives, could lie about something like that, but it is all part of their manipulation. These people have no conscience. They'll say anything to get what they want. Like that boy Dathan. Has he told you he's in love with you? He's not. It's his way of gaining your sympathy. And not only yours. I've seen him talking to quite a number of young women. Has he been asking you to trust him? He's poisoning you against your own people, even your own family. That's very cruel. No wonder you've been confused. But now you understand what these people are really like. (In tears, Korenna looks towards her bathroom. Jareth follows her gaze, gets up and pulls the curtains aside.) You! These criminals represent a growing threat to Enaran society. As responsible citizens we must fight back. With their punishment we send a clear signal to all Regressives. We will protect ourselves and our ideals from their destructive influence by whatever means necessary. (At a signal from Jareth, the posts that the men are fastened to glow purple. The crowd bay for their blood as they slump forward, burned. Korenna finally joins in.)
