Biogenic material. It could be used to create viral weapons. There's no one else aboard. You. Come with us. My orders were specific. The Captain wants the female prisoner in the medical bay.  The photonic's viral weapon attacks the cerebral cortex. Within days, the victim suffers complete synaptic failure. Tactical officer, medic, engineer. We've lost nearly a third of our crew to the photonics. Actually, Emmik always thought I'd become a teacher. He used to call me the little professor. The photonic who helped raise my brother and me. He knew more about treating scrapes and bruises than any organic Doctor I ever met. Maybe. Before he joined the insurgency. I ask myself that question every day. We never treated him like a servant, but he turned against us anyway. I don't see how. He lived his own life, pursued his own interests. He was part of our family. At least I thought he was. We should get back to the patient. Thank you. I can picture them now. My father in his airponics bay, pruning his cona vines. My mother, reading in her favourite chair. Nothing in that home ever changes. I've never been away this long before. His progress is remarkable. I want you to know, I'm going to tell my superiors everything you've done for us. I know someone who'd really enjoy meeting you. My brother, Lohden. You'd like him. He's ambitious, accomplished, and he'd love your sense of humour.  Is something wrong? I'm surprised to hear that. I'm not defending what he did, but you have to understand we've been out here for a long time. It's difficult to hide your feelings especially when you work closely with someone you're attracted to. It looks like a spasm in the trapezius. That's what happens when you work so long without rest. Our last medic showed me a technique that might help. I, I'll try it, if you like. Oh, did I hurt you? Well then, what's wrong? It's all right. I know. Your cybernetic implants? Your portable regenerator? I would never say anything to the crew. But Ranek knows. Of course. It was apparent the moment we scanned you. It wouldn't have been appropriate. You're part Borg. It's nothing to be ashamed of. This is Lieutenant Jaryn. That doesn't sound like Ranek. Reviving him. There are traces of sedative in your bloodstream. We trusted you.  We're losing our ventral shield grid. I'm trying. They've tapped into the shield matrix. They're using your command authorisation. [Bridge] It's a photonic. She destabilised the shield grid. It's failing. Stay back. You're lying. More of our vessels are on the way. You should leave while you can. I'm not sure you're the kind of person he's interested in. You're a talented doctor. We're the ones who should be grateful.
