As I stated in my message, Captain, I understand you have a Talaxian called Neelix aboard your vessel. It is a matter of utmost urgency. However, I would prefer to speak with you privately. Your life may very well depend on it. Forgive me. I am Jetrel. Doctor Ma'bor Jetrel. (Neelix leaves the bridge, very upset.) I have heard of your transporter technology, Captain, but, to experience it first hand is truly remarkable. That's not surprising. I'm afraid I am not a very popular figure among the Talaxian people. Yes. It's imperative that he undergo a compete medical examination. Our war records show that he was part of the team that returned to Rinax after the Cascade in order to evacuate survivors. He was exposed to high concentrations of Metreon isotopes. In recent years several of the rescuers have developed a degenerative blood disease called metremia. I am afraid that it's fatal. The disease attacks its victims on a molecular level. It may lay dormant for years, but once it manifests itself, it will cause the body's atomic structure to undergo fission. The cells will begin to disintegrate. My equipment is specifically designed to detect the sub-atomic signature of the disorder. I've evaluated as many members of the team as possible, collecting data, in hopes that one day my research may lead to a cure for metremia. Please, try to persuade Mister Neelix to see me. Each Talaxian I screen brings me one step closer to a cure. [Mess hall kitchen]  The Metreon isotopes are unique. The rate of decay is highly variable. We have found that it's sometimes years before Metremia sets in, and unfortunately I beg your pardon? Guilty? I do not regret it. I did what had to be done. Would it make any difference if I told you we never thought there would be any radiation poisoning. That anyone close enough to be exposed would be killed by the initial blast. It was unfortunate we were wrong. No, Captain, that's all right. I'm used to it. I'm simply a scientist. Yes, I developed the weapon, but it was the government and the military leaders who decided to use it, not I. I slept no worse last night than I have any other night for the past fifteen years. It means I must live with my conscience, as you who must live with yours. How many did you kill during the war? I do not expect you to like me, Mister Neelix, nor do I hope to allay your obvious pain with moral arguments, but I do believe I can help you. If not you, then others of your race. Isn't that more important than punishing me? [Sickbay] (Jetrel is setting up his equipment, watched by the EMH, Neelix and Kes.) Are you finished? So am I. I'm sorry, Mister Neelix. I'm afraid you have incipient metremia. [Neelix's quarters] (Neelix is lying in the dark, staring at the ceiling. The doorbell chimes.) Am I interrupting? Captain, I must tell you, your ship is simply astounding. I have been studying your transporter systems. Forgive me, but that is what I am here to talk about. I believe, with a relatively few minor modifications, the transporter system could be used to retrieve a sample of the Metreon cloud surrounding Rinax. I've always believed that if I could isolate the free isotope that causes metremia, it could be used to synthesis an antibody. Yes, Captain, and your transporter system makes it all possible. I believe so. My thoughts exactly. Thank you, Captain. Nothing, I just think I'm a little over excited about the prospects of discovering a cure, and all that sparring with Mister Neelix does take a toll. No, I'm fine, and there's so much to be done. I want to start right away. Captain's log, stardate 48832.1. Kes has prevailed upon Neelix to allow Doctor Jetrel to continue metabolic scans in the hope that it will facilitate treatment once the antibody has been synthesised. [Sickbay] Not until we have the isotope. Incredible. A hologram that can deactivate itself. Not any more. Now, would you please sit down? The military strategists did not think a demonstration would work. They wanted to show the power of the Cascade in all it's horror. It would not have made any difference. If I had not discovered the Cascade, it would have been someone else, don't you see? It was a scientific inevitability, one discovery flowing naturally to the next. Something so enormous as science will not stop for something as small as man, Mister Neelix. For my planet, and yes, for science. To know whether or not it could be done. It's good to know how the world works. It is not possible to be a scientist unless you believe that all the knowledge of the universe and all the power that it bestows is of intrinsic value to everyone, and one must share that knowledge and allow it to be applied, and then be willing to live with the consequences. You are not the only one to loose family during the war, Mister Neelix. Nothing as clean as death. When I returned home after the Cascade to my wife, my lovely wife Ka'Ree, she could not bear to look at me. When I would reach out to her she would pull away, as if I had some contagious disease. You see, like you, she thought I had become a monster, and shortly after that she took my three children and I have not seen them since. Mister Neelix, I There is no way I can ever apologise to you, Mister Neelix. That's why I have not tried. Yes. The day when we tested the Cascade, when I saw that blinding light, brighter than a thousand suns. I knew at that moment exactly what I had become. I'm afraid you will not get your wish, Mister Neelix. I have advanced metremia. I will be dead in a matter of days. [Sandrine's] (Neelix is dreaming. A shadowy figure like Jetrel but with Neelix's voice is playing pool against him.)  I believe I asked for a larger container. Yes. But the isotope accounts for just a miniscule fraction of the cloud's total mass. I want to be sure we get enough. Computer, override command one EMH alpha and end programme. You startled me! Is it possible we could talk later? It won't be long before I am too weak to work. I would like to finish before I die. (Neelix sees the contents of the container.) You don't understand. I can help them. (The matter quivers.) You must let me continue. Lives depend on it. Captain, I beg you, let me bring them back. The victims of Rinax. Please, look at my calculations. You remember what I told you about metremia, Captain, how it causes the bodies atomic structure to undergo fission. It mirrors the way the Metreon Cascade vaporised its victims through bio-molecular disintegration. What I've been working on for the past fifteen years is a way to rebuilt that atomic structure. What I call regenerative fusion. Yes! The electrostatic properties of the cloud are such that the disassembled biomatter has been held in a state of animated suspension. I discovered years ago that re-integration is possible. Yes, exactly! Neelix saw it. It was an amalgamation of randomly fused organic material. Bits and pieces of previously vaporised biomatter. I used medical records to identify the genetic coding of a specific victim, a test case if you will. Once we input his DNA sequence, then we can isolate his atomic fragments with your targeting scanners, and then rematerialise him. You sound exactly like my country. I asked them for more funds to continue my research to help the victims of Rinax, because I wanted the world to know I'm not a monster. My theories can be used to heal, as well as to destroy. But they refused me, called me a Talaxian sympathiser, and exiled me. It was just a pretext, Captain. You do not have metremia, Neelix. You are not going to die. Your Captain is an accomplished scientist. She doubts my theories. My own government did too. I just could not risk being not believed again. But, Captain, it will work. You must increase the power to the pattern buffers, Captain. Neelix. I suppose you think this is a fitting punishment for me. What is it?
