 Seska will want to know about this Cardassian missile immediately. If I could just talk to Seska. Look, has she been made aware how much I've been helping you? Look, all you need to tell Seska is that this missile is better armed than the entire Kazon-Nistrim sect. (Jonas' computer starts beeping.) Someone's about to make a subspace transmission. They may be able to detect our comm. link. I have to terminate. [Bridge]
There's a slight variance in the warp field, but nothing to worry about. I have thirty seconds before Security picks up this transmission. I'm sending you all current information on the warp ten shuttle flight. Not anymore. Lieutenant Paris crossed the threshold this morning. In a matter of speaking. It's all in the file. This should prove my worth to you, Rettick. Transfer underway. (Paris is trying to get out of the restraint.) [Sickbay]
Engineering to Torres. We have a problem here. The magnetic [Engineering]  Constrictors have lost alignment. The plasma stream is way too hot. It's starting to infect [Briefing room] JONAS  It's gotten worse, I can't get the injector valves closed. Antimatter's starting to seep into the warp core. Yes. No effect. It's at two point nine million now. PTC temperature now at three million Kelvins. We're going to have to vent some plasma. Better that than a core breach! PTC temperature now three point two million Kelvins. I can stop it from here! I was just doing my job, Neelix. Lieutenant Torres is the one you should talk to. Okay, Lieutenant. Are you looking for something particular? Why? Why would you want to know that? A secret transmission, huh? Well, that would be tough, Neelix. There are all kinds of security routines in place and anytime a subspace antenna array is in use, the sensors make a record of it. I'm not seeing anything anomalous here. What? Well, that's just a data fragmentation. Well, it probably happened when the plasma overloaded the system. Little glitches like this'll be popping up for weeks, I'd imagine. I wouldn't worry about it. There's nothing to explain. Believe me, Neelix. You're making too much of it. (Jonas fires up a micro-welder.) Mister Hogan, I need your help over here. No, of course not. But I  Lieutenant Torres is waiting for these interlink sequencers. Get them to her right away. Oh, hello, Neelix. We're a little busy right now. What is it that you need? Go ahead. Just don't tap into any engineering systems. Jonas here, Lieutenant. Sorry, Lieutenant. I'll get them to you right now. (to Hogan) Take these to Lieutenant Torres. Jonas here, Captain. Right away. Yes, ma'am. [Kazon shuttle] (The Kazon ship is shooting at the shuttle.)  I'm working on it, Captain. I'm having trouble resetting the EPS manifold. Neelix, I know what I'm doing. (Jonas goes to another console and puts a forcefield in front of the doors.) It's just a precaution. Please, Neelix! Stay out of this! [Kazon shuttle] JANEWAY For God's sake, Neelix, back off!
Jonas to Chakotay. They're putting up a fight on deck two. We could use some help.
Why? I want to talk to Seska. You tell Maje Culluh that I won't do anything to damage Voyager. And if he has a problem with that, tell him to have Seska contact me. [Doctor's office]  Oh, boy, am I glad to see you. I wasn't even sure if they were giving you my messages. Do you know what they're asking me to do? Look, Seska, I don't mind feeding you information, but if you're planning some kind of attack.
Lieutenant! It's Kurt Bendera, he's hurt pretty bad. His console exploded, caught him right in the face. Well, that's for me to worry about. Let's just say I'm very familiar with communications protocols. Now, will you let me talk to Seska? She and I knew each other for a long time. She knows that I can be trusted. Just let me talk to her.
