Four years ago, in human time. You called me adorable. I may have looked like an infant, but I was still a Q. Maybe you should have picked a better godparent. I make my own rules. (Junior disappears.) [Bridge] Scan, scan, scan. That's all you people ever do. I've been through every deck on this ship, and do you know what I've seen? Bipeds pushing buttons. Bipeds replacing relays. Bipeds running diagnostics. When are you going to do something interesting? We could fly into fluidic space and fight species 8472. Or we could detonate a few Omega molecules. What do you say? Twenty minutes observing humanity, I'm already bored. I guess I'm just going to have to amuse myself. (Junior disappears.) One dance, B'Elanna, that's all I ask. One dance. (Janeway, Tuvok and Chakotay enter.) Relax. It's a party. I like you, Aunt Kathy. You've got gumption. But what you don't have is unlimited control of space, matter and time. Which means I give the orders around here. (Junior snaps his fingers.) [Corridor] Talk about perfection. I'm just observing humanity. Aren't you going to scamper away, make some futile attempt to cover yourself? (She continues working. He returns her clothes, shakes his head and leaves.) [Mess hall] Can I help you, kitchen rat? Ah! Excellent manoeuvre. What's it look like? It's a battle between the Vojeans and Wyngari. Not any more. Watch this. (He snaps his fingers and brings another vessel into the fight.) It's not like there's anything else to do. Are there explosions in Kadis-kot? Then I'm not interested. You know what, Talaxian? You talk to much. [Sickbay] I've got a surprise for you, Captain. Come see. [Bridge] Is this enough pressure? You're just prolonging the inevitable. Not this time. We were just getting to the good part! What was that for! No. I was shapeless and slimy. The only thing to eat was paramecia. What are you talking about? You'd turn your own son into a microscopic lifeform? Fine, I'll see you in seven days. (Junior snaps his fingers, but nothing happens. He keeps trying.) You're leaving me here? What if she doesn't? I'm getting off this ship. (Junior throws the dish to the deck and steps on it before leaving.) The Petri dish was less cramped. What for? Don't tell me you're actually going through with Q's plan? He abandoned me on an antiquated flying machine run by primates. Seven days? How hard can it be? [Astrometrics lab] I read the PADD. You're going to tell me how I can't create anomaly A without causing phenomenon B which in turn affects civilisation C, right? (Tuvok leaves.) Oh, I know who you are. You're the drone with the Kirk fixation. Can I see you naked again? [Outside a Holodeck] Nausicaan, Bolian, Cardassian, Romulan, Ferengi and Bajoran. These aliens mean nothing to me. What do I care if they can't get along? So I've been told. I don't need your help. I can do this myself. Computer, resume programme. Do you ever stop? If it isn't drone boy. You come to put me to sleep with another one of your presentations? I don't have the time. Aunt Kathy's forcing me to write an historical essay on the Q Continuum. I've never written an essay before. I don't know where to start. Would you mind writing some of this down for me? What do you mean? He gave me a few notes on my first draft, that's all. I negotiated a peace treaty between six belligerent species in just thirteen minutes. If you don't help me, the Continuum will turn me into an amoeba. Do you think it's easy to live up to my potential? I was supposed to be the saviour of the Q Continuum. Tell me, how do you save a race that's already omnipotent? Please, Aunt Kathy. You're my only hope. Understood. Captain, this is for you. It's a new draft of my essay. I know you didn't ask for one but I felt I owed it to you for giving me a second chance. Thanks, but I have to help Crewman Chell scrub the plasma conduits. Yes, ma'am. Piloting lesson, huh? Where are we going? [Delta Flyer] (Icheb is piloting through an unnaturally crowded asteroid belt.) In case you forgot, I'm mortal now. I'd appreciate it if you didn't fly us into a rock. Ordinarily a Q wouldn't demean himself by operating primitive machinery, but these aren't ordinary circumstances. (Icheb gives up the helm to Junior, and immediately an alarm sounds.) Did I do something wrong? Well, it's very distracting. Can't you fix it? That won't be necessary. In fact I barely hear it any more. Do you hear it? I'm late for my temporal mechanics lesson. (Junior slams the PADD down on the desk and leaves.) I'm perfectly fine. Why wouldn't I be? He's impossible to please. I don't care what he thinks. Aunt Kathy, do you think the Continuum will be any more impressed with me than Q was? That's what I thought. I don't think they care where an amoeba spends eternity. I appreciate that, but I don't want to be human. I want to be a Q, like my father. [Jefferies tube] Itchy, are you in here? Itchy? I need your help. Remember that ion imbalance Lieutenant Paris mentioned during our lesson? We're going to repair it for him. That would ruin the surprise. The captain's been encouraging me to take more initiative. I want to show her I can do things for others without being asked. Name it. Understood. You're going to love this. I once learned how to open a spatial flexure using nothing more than a deflector array. It's like a tunnel through space. I'm going to open one to the Clevari system. Wait till you see the females. They're spectacular, Do you think she'd give it to us? Then there's no point in asking. I'm bored. They can't hear you. I've dampened all outgoing communications. I'm getting out of here before my father can put me back in that Petrie dish. I may not have my powers anymore, but I know plenty of cosmic nooks and crannies we can hide in. Voyager's locked onto us with a tractor beam. They're so predictable. [Bridge] Welcome to the Clevari system. What would you like to do first? Take a dip with the mermaids of Golos Prime? Challenge the Warrior Goddess of Fektar to a grappling contest? Forget that dreary ship, with it's rules and regulations. We can do anything we want here. It's too late. She said one more violation and I'd be thrown off her ship. I'm pretty sure this qualifies. There's a vessel approaching. We were just leaving. How long will that take? Why? Just because he has a bigger ship? I should have known better than to bring you along. (Junior shoots at the Chokuzan ship and flies off.) Did you expect me to surrender? He might have locked us up for years. There's no time for debate. I need you at tactical. (He lowers the forcefield.) I'm opening another flexure. We'll go to the Zozak system. The girls there aren't as attractive but we have to make some compromises. (Icheb gets zapped with the residue from the Chokuzan energy weapon as they enter the flexure. He falls to the deck.) Icheb! [Bridge] Icheb stole a shuttle from Voyager. I tried to stop him but he kidnapped me. And he started a fight with another ship. Please, Q, just save him. You're not going to help him? I know you can hear me, Q. Come back! Q! He's the only one who can save Icheb. Look at what they did to him. If I go back they'll do the same to me. Well, I'd rather be an amoeba than a corpse. I'm a failure as a Q and a human. If I'm a single celled organism, at least I can't hurt anybody. To escape the Chokuzan. I probably hit the wrong control. Icheb is the only friend I've ever had. I brought him back here because I thought you could save him. Obviously I was mistaken. The attack on your vessel was entirely my fault. Icheb had nothing to do with it, but he's the one who's dying. I take full responsibility for what happened. I'll do anything you ask. Just help my friend. She didn't have anything to do with it. I attacked your ship. I should be punished for it, not her. I don't care, if it means saving my friend. We don't have time for your games. We need to find the real people I attacked. Do you have a moment? A few days ago you offered to let me remain on Voyager. I know I've made a few mistakes since then, and you probably don't want me around. But, if it's all right with you, I'd like to continue my training. There's a lot I still need to prove to you. You don't honestly believe we'll see him again, do you? He obviously doesn't want me around. Why else would he have left me here? Twice. You left the Continuum for me? They're going to return my powers? For you, Captain. For all your help. We've tried that already. I'll see you soon, Aunt Kathy.
