 Make them comfortable. We're going to treat your injuries. My name is Doctor Kadan. We're in a Quarren Medical Facility. My understanding is that they've all been rescued from their escape pods. Everyone will be taken care of. An anti-radiation serum. Perfectly safe. (Janeway is injected, then an open helmet is placed over her head.) She's suffering from dysphoria syndrome. Don't worry, it's treatable. (Lights from the helmet shine on her face.) Restrain him. You're experiencing a relapse of dysphoria syndrome. This is going to make you feel better. Conclusions? Neuro-psychiatry isn't a guessing game, Doctor Ravoc. You have been studying my research. It is. I've treated this man before. Apparently, he has suffered a relapse. Recommended treatment? You seem sceptical. If he had a malignant tumour, would you be afraid to cut it out? This syndrome is just as insidious. It requires aggressive treatment. Get started. (Radan leaves.) Well, now you that you know where to find Voyager Don't you have patients to attend to? Do you think I'm incompetent? This man is in charge of personnel at the power facility. I've informed him of the situation. No need to apologise, Doctor. Your concern for your patients is admirable. But don't worry. This man is already responding to treatment. I expect a full recovery. [Bar]  How could she just walk out? Oh, yes, I remember. Quite, quite an outbreak. Well, I'm sorry if I haven't kept you properly informed about my patients. I explained that to you. I was informing him about a potential health threat. What are you implying? Very good, Doctor. A physician with more experience would be able to see this in the larger context. The true public health threat is the labour shortage, and the only cure is to find more skilled workers. We're helping them to lead productive, happy lives. The treatment I provide improves their lives and makes them better workers. In turn, our economy benefits. Doesn't a physician deserve to be compensated for his services? To whom? My research is funded by the Ministry of Health. As you may recall, the Director of Investigations was the one who ordered Amal Kotay be placed under my care. Not everyone. Just a few trusted associates. The question is, are you going to be one of them? [Bar] Her condition's obviously worsened. I'll treat her. These people can't be disturbed. (Yerid pulls a gun. Kadan tries to move away but Seven grabs his wrist.) You're dismissed. Dysphoria syndrome. [Bridge]
