Ever since my days at the university I've admired this painting, and now it's mine. Our fellow officers might prefer gold or land, but for me the greatest prize of war is art. Sir? We are German. The German people deserve Europe and everything in it. Our blood is pure. Our people lived and hunted on this land for a thousand years before the degenerate races brought their corruption. Europe must be purified. Yes, of course. I, Colonel, I, I don't know what you're trying (The Hirogen grabs his throat.) Brigitte. Heil Hitler! (The Alpha leaves without returning the salute.) It's all right, the Colonel is in a strange mood today. (He hugs Torres.) What's wrong? Is it our child? I'll call the doctor. I didn't want your neighbours to see you coming here. They make it difficult enough, knowing we're together. Praxiteles, master sculptor of ancient Greece. There are only three like this in all of Europe. Get up. You deceived me. I should've seen through your flirtations. The thought of you carrying my child disgusts me. I see you're acquainted. Do you find her as attractive as I once did? I'll miss our nights together. Mein Herr, a word with you. What are we waiting for? Why don't we execute these prisoners? If I may speak freely. The Kommandant has been acting strangely the past few days. He's been questioning German superiority. Perhaps we shouldn't follow his orders so blindly. I don't know how much longer I can stand being trapped in here. This is madness. We're winning this battle. [Le Coeur de Lion] I have always thought highly of you. Yes. But the Kommandant is a fool. He doesn't understand. He's never embraced the Fuhrer or his vision. One does not cooperate with decadent forms of life. One hunts them down and eliminates them. The Kommandant speaks of civilisation. The ancient Romans were civilised. The Jews are civilised. But in all its moral decay, Rome fell to the spears of our ancestors, as the Jews are falling now. Look at our destiny. (the flag behind the bar) The field of red, the purity of German blood. The blazing white circle of the sun that sanctified that blood. No one can deny us, no power on Earth or beyond. Not the Christian Saviour, not the God of the Jews. We are driven by the very force that gives life to the universe itself. We must countermand the Kommandant's orders, stay and fight. We must be faithful to who we are. Fire! Fire! [Holodeck two - Klingon programme] Surrender. (Janeway limps to a place where a holographic soldier no longer has any legs. She drags him back and they reappear, and she carries on. Meanwhile, Seven is helped
