Doh-cha scree! Move away, coward. I want to make this kill. I want to see the fear in your eyes. You are resilient prey. You are mine, now and after death. Sickbay, this is Holodeck two. Janeway requires medical assistance. [Sickbay] (Voyager is surrounded by Hirogen vessels. Janeway now looks human on the biobed. An Hirogen is working in Sickbay.) What about her neural interface? (The medic scans a Y shaped scar below Janeway's jawline.) Are you sure? There were times when she seemed aware of who she is. No. Bring her to Holodeck one. I've found another programme I want to try. A conflict that took place on her own planet. It should prove stimulating. [Le Coeur de Lion] (A French café during World War 2. Mademoiselle de Neuf is singing It Can't Be Wrong to piano accompaniment.) Sit down and play the game. In this setting, we have no ships. We are an ancient race of soldiers intent upon conquering this world. Play the game. You know me. I wish to speak with her. Alone. (The nearby French patrons and the SS officer leave them.) He is disoriented. Your world is unfamiliar to him. I've heard otherwise. (They sit at a table.) I understand there is opposition to our presence here among your citizens. Whoever that may be. Your city may be defenceless, but it's crucial to the war. Any ground assault into Germany must pass through this province. The Resistance will come here. Excellent. (An Hirogen SS officer comes to the table.) It need not concern you. To the hunt. For the Resistance. I shall take great pleasure in tracking them down and making the kill. (He kisses her hand and leaves.) Trophies of the hunt. But was the hunt fair? We entered this city with superior firepower against a weakened prey. Do you really deserve these prizes? Why? Of course not. But I want to hear it in your own words. Tell me, why are we the Master Race? You yourself, are you stronger than these degenerate races? More cunning? And if you were alone without an army supporting you, would you continue the hunt? If your prey were armed instead of defenceless, what then? You are superior to no one! Never underestimate your prey or disrespect its abilities. If you do, you will become the hunted. When the opposing army invades this city, remember my words. (The Kapitan nods. There is a knock on the door.) Enter. (Torres is shown in. A copy of Da Vinci's lost Leda and the Swan is one of the paintings on the wall.) I will leave you two alone. What happened? The simulations will continue. No. It will also eliminate the challenge. You will keep up or they will die. Their lives are in your hands, Doctor. Don't fail them. When that one is ready, place him in holodeck two. Let's see how he fares with the Klingons. Send her back to holodeck one. I like her voice. [Bridge] Progress? More. Then compromise them. I'll transfer a supply of power nodules from my vessel. Integrate them into your systems. I want to expand the holo-projectors into all surrounding sections. Replicate enough emitters for the task. (The Alpha walks away.) I've been studying Voyager's database looking for our next simulation. There are many to choose from. These people have a violent history. I believe I've found a worthy prey. The Borg. When World War Two is over, we will recreate a notorious battle known as Wolf 359. I thought you might. But if you continue to disobey me, this is one hunt you will never see. You nearly destroyed two of my favourite prey. You were careless. Your lust for the kill has blinded you, like many young hunters. If you took the time to study your prey, to understand its behaviour, you might learn something. You're wrong. Each prey exposes us to another way of life and makes us re-evaluate our own. Have you considered our future? What would become of us when we have hunted this territory to exhaustion? A way of life that hasn't changed for a thousand years. Species that don't change, die. We've lost our way. We've allowed our predatory instincts to dominate us. We disperse ourselves throughout the quadrant, sending ships in all directions. We've become a solitary race, isolated. We've spread ourselves too thin. We're no longer a culture. We have no identity. In another thousand years, no one will remember the name Hirogen. Our people must come back together, combine forces, rebuild our civilisation. The Hunt will always continue, but in a new way. I intend to transform this ship into a vast simulation, populated with a varied and endless supply of prey. In time, this technology can be duplicated for other Hirogen. These holodecks will allow us to hold onto our past, while we face the future. Then you are with me? I must continue my research. I'll see you tomorrow on holodeck one. The Americans are due to invade. [Sickbay] (The EMH wakes Seven and whispers in her ear.) If the entertainment is over, I'll be going. You would hunt down a simple beast even in the midst of our enemies? Why am I being interrupted? [Sickbay] How? Send a team [Holodeck two - Klingon simulation] To holodeck one. Remove her from the simulation. [Kapitan's office] (Outside, Tuvok fires his machine gun at a pair of Hirogen.) You circumvented our control. How? What happened? Is the programme still running? Shut down the holo-emitters until we can regain control. Show me the breach in the hologrid. (The monitor behind Kim goes blank.) No. That would destroy both the holodecks. I want that technology preserved. Status. Take the hunters from the Klingon simulation. No. Bring her to me. The Voyager crew must remain alive to make repairs, or we could lose everything. This vessel, it's technology. You said that you Nucleonic charges could damage the holodeck further. Use your hand weapons. [Sainte Claire - Street] They're on the way. [Jefferies tube] Those protocols aren't functioning. Bridge to Sickbay. Sickbay, respond. Bridge to deck five. Converge on the Sickbay.(Janeway disables the Sickbay Security Field. Chakotay shoots at a pair of Hirogen who come around the corner outside, and the Medic overpowers him. He enters Sickbay and shoots Janeway in the leg. She runs out through the Medical lab and he goes to his computer. Access denied. KaBOOM! The Sickbay doors are blown out.) [Le Coeur de Lion] Seal it. How many captives? [Le Coeur de Lion] They are not prey, they are hostages. I'll need them. [Le Coeur de Lion] Enter. Leave her. Your attempt to retake this vessel was inventive. From the day I seized Voyager, you put up a dauntless fight. But your fight is over now. You're going to help me shut down these simulations and repair the holodecks. Don't threaten me, Captain. I've faced far more intimidating prey than you. If this fight continues, I promise you I will hunt down and kill every member of your crew. Perhaps I should kill you and find someone who will cooperate. You don't realise what's at stake. This is not a game! I'm trying to create a future for my people. I don't expect you to understand. You are prey. Yes, perhaps I do. My people are hunting themselves into extinction. Your holodeck technology might offer us an alternative, a new way of life. Instead of scattering ourselves across the quadrant in pursuit of prey, we could simulate the hunt and give ourselves a chance to rebuild our civilisation. With the safety protocols offline, the pursuit is just as challenging. I've been studying your behaviour, as I do with all my prey. But your holodecks allowed me to go further, to explore your culture, your history. I must admit, I've learned a great deal. Your people have faced extinction many times, but you've always managed to avoid it. You seem to recognise the need for change. One of your most difficult eras. And yet you survived. You are a resilient species. I admire your cunning. I've come to an agreement with Captain Janeway. Call a ceasefire. [Le Coeur de Lion] Turanj [Bridge] Order our hunters to end the fighting. [Le Coeur de Lion] Our civilisation depends on this agreement. [Le Coeur de Lion] Can you shut it down? Why haven't you ordered the ceasefire? (Turanj shoots his Alpha in the shoulder.) Listen to me.
