Welcome to Larhana settlement, gloried defender. You're brightly greeted.(Chakotay passes out.) Captain's log, stardate 51082.4. After searching for more than two days we've finally located what's left of Commander Chakotay's shuttle. I can only hope the Commander has fared better than his vessel. [Briefing room] I wanted to know if you crave more. Oh. And the blossoms, do you like them? I planted them myself. I've heard tellings that the Kradin leave our nullied defenders upturned. Is it true? You can tell me. Penno says I'm too small to be told, but I'm not. The Kradin are beasty. I don't fathom why they flamed our homes, nor why they crave to nully us all. We never took their plantings. We never nullied their brothers. So why do they hate us? My brother's a defender, too. He left for the clash two plantings before. I was much smaller then. He was sturdy, and pleasing to glimpse in his colours. Like you. Maybe you've glimpsed him. He's called Daryo. He's a team leader of the Seventh Defence Contingent. They're very sturdy in the clash. Have you heard of them? Why didn't you? You would have glimpsed him. But when you go back to the clash, maybe you'll glimpse Daryo then. You could take a letter to him. Then you can bring my letter to the restock unit. Maybe some defender there can take it to Daryo. Will you do it? Please? I'll go write it now, before the new light comes. [Larhana settlement - day] Writings for my brother. You'll be sure he gets them? Your best will be enough. The pretty smell of the blossoms will hold the nemesis far away. Chakotay! What did the Kradin do to you? I don't know. He's very grey, and his heart's not sturdy. He needs me to tend him. Chakotay! Penno always tells it'll be brighter when the new light comes. You'll tend me, won't you, no matter what comes in the soonafter? Where are they taking them? Why? Penno. Penno! Where are they taking you? Who's going to tend you? Set him loose! Set him loose!(The Kradin grabs Karya.) Set my mother's father loose. COMMANDANT: Is that the man you mean? Please, set him loose! COMMANDANT: You don't want to see him suffer, do you, pretty one? No. COMMANDANT: Don't worry. The old Vori's suffering will be over soon enough. No! Penno! COMMANDANT: Take this shrieking waif to the extermination facility. No. Chakotay, set me loose! Chakotay, help me! (Chakotay breaks free of the Kradin holding him back and leaps onto the Commandant, who is dragging Karya away. He starts pummelling him.) Welcome to Larhana settlement, gloried defender. You are brightly greeted. Captain's log, stardate 51096.5 Although Lieutenant Tuvok has managed to bring Commander Chakotay safely back to the ship, it may be some time before his psychological wounds are fully healed. [Sickbay]
