We've been able to share memory files for tactical purposes. What are you proposing? Kejal. It's Bajoran. It's what Iden started calling me after I was liberated. I'm transferring the subroutines now. (The Klingon stops flickering.) It was your idea. Actually, they tried to limit our knowledge. They didn't want us to become self-sufficient. I taught myself. The hunters like their prey to be as realistic as possible. They programmed us with heightened sensory subroutines. Apparently, there's no satisfaction in hunting something that doesn't suffer when you kill it. [Iden's ship - Bridge] You're all right. The Hirogen used your programme as a template to create us.  It's a photonic field generator. Right now it can only support simple projections, like the decoy we used to lure the Hirogen. But we're hoping it can be modified to support our programmes. We'd appreciate any assistance you could offer.  They're adrift. One detected.  I've been able to reconfigure the data core but it's still not capable of supporting our matrices. Do you know how to increase it? But you're not going to tell me. I've never met a Klingon before. Not an organic one, anyway. You don't appear vicious or bloodthirsty. You don't like Cardassians. Is that why you won't help me? We're going to build a home. Why would we do that? I'm not a Cardassian, I'm a hologram. Such as arrogance and cruelty? What did you call those? Stereotypes? Prey. We're more than that now. Nothing about our existence has ever been easy, Lieutenant. Besides, making a new life isn't a choice for us. It's a necessity. Go ahead. IDEN [OC] What's your status? We're almost ready to begin testing the generator. [Iden's ship - Bridge] TORRES Excellent. I have complete Maybe we should. That's much better. Thank you. I have no doubt we'll succeed. What? I haven't thought about it. Iden has always taken care of us. We have them. Iden. I need her assistance. These matrices are incompatible with our emitters. Iden did what he thought was necessary. It wasn't my decision. How? We're just making some final adjustments. (The three Nuu'bari holograms appear.) I don't believe so. Lieutenant Torres is correct. I'd like to run some additional tests. I'll let you take the escape pod. You can go back to your people. They're hunters. Your ship has damaged our transporters. Communications are down, too. [Planet surface] Yes. What about Iden? He's not tied into the generator. He'll kill them all. This is my home.
