Headstrong B'Elanna Torres, and young Harry Kim, speed away from Voyager on the Delta Flyer in search of their treasures. (The principals hold masks in front of their faces that represent the characters. Yes, the Torres one does have a ridged forehead.) Which is where I, Kelis the poet, found her. Broken, dying. She told me her story, and now I've told you. (Everyone waits with bated breath for one man to applaud. When he does, they join in enthusiastically.) Thank you. Who can say? Inspiration can't be forced. Or three weeks. Maybe two. One week. The story will continue. Have you noticed how thin my performers have gotten?  Ladies and gentlemen, our patron salutes you. We're doing another Voyager play. As soon as I can write it. I have very little time. Celebrating will have to wait. [Delta Flyer - night] (The Flyer has crashed on a mountainside. Candles illuminate the inside. Torres is in the pilot's seat and her hands are tied. Kelis reaches forward with his knife to Kelis, Kelis the poet. Your servant. I can't. You'll fly from me, the way inspiration always does. I'm releasing the heat from your veins. You've been in a fever since I found you. Bleeding is the best way to treat it. Something tells me you have your doubts. You're an Eternal. I suppose such things are to be expected. The power to make the ground open up and the sky to fall. All the strange events sung by the ancient poets. Fortunately for me, no poet has ever sung about your clan. I'm the first. The Eternals on Voyager. Shining Voyager, far from home. Eight days. I was walking through these mountains. I saw a light burn across the sky and I heard a terrible sound. When I arrived, I found you. I treated your wounds. When a gift falls from the heavens, only a fool would let her go. You've already given me one play. The story told by those voices. I pieced them together, tried to fill in the gaps. The Away Mission of B'Elanna Torres. My patron was impressed. That would be unwise. My patron is intrigued by the Voyager Eternals. He wants another play. To compose that, I need more details. I did save your life. I need another play. Everything. How did you get lost? You won't leave me? Are you hungry? You haven't eaten in days. We have to support each other, we poets. (Torres takes the proffered berries.) From the looks of it, you're not doing so well. Tell me about Earth. We all do, in one way or another. Earth. (He offers her his bag of food.) And Voyager, a great ship? How did Voyager get lost? An Eternal? Tom Paris. Are you in love with him? A memory. Winter's tears. This is dilithium, isn't it? What you were looking for? The only deposit I know of is on the hunting grounds of my patron. He'd execute me for trespassing. And you, well, he'd love to capture an Eternal. Perhaps, but if he caught you he'd force you to fight against his enemies. They're constantly at each other's throats. Bickering over territory, raiding each other's land, starting wars whenever they can be guaranteed of good weather. And we suffer the consequences. You don't want to get involved with them. I told you, I'd be executed if I'm caught. Did you?  I've been visited by inspiration herself. How does this sound? The Rescue of B'Elanna Torres. Right here, in one week. Let's get to work. [Briefing room] Closer. Closer! No, no, no, no. Seven of Nine is a Borg, the scourge of the Eternals. You're portraying her like a shy bride on her wedding night Once more. This Tuvok, for example. He's not like anybody I've ever met. No emotions? How is that possible? It worked? What happened? These Vulcans. Bronze. Gold is expensive. I can't afford it. Then tell me about the Vulcans. Everyone's asleep. I'll do it in the morning. The Vulcans? [Mess hall] What are you doing? Is that a tear? Logical Tuvok doesn't cry. That's why they call him Logical. The land of Vulcan has no laughter, and it has no tears. It is a very quiet place. Calm, just like Tuvok. You don't have to, just don't cry. They'll realise that beneath your unfeeling exterior is a heart that's breaking, silently, and in more pain than any of us can possibly understand, because that's what it is to be Vulcan. Try it again. What's wrong? Has a battlefield been chosen? Then we have a chance. [Delta Flyer] I need your help. My patron's been angered by the leader of a neighbouring state. He'll want to take revenge. It could lead to war. I'm not asking you to fight. I need a way to change his mind. Yes, you do. I believe the right kind of play can turn the mind from violent thoughts. The perfect play might even stop a war. If the fighting starts, scouting parties will start moving through these mountains. You'll be discovered. But my play, it could stop it from happening. You have to help me. Then come with me. I'll show you what I've done so far. It's our only chance. [Open Air Theatre]  She's a fellow poet from across the Eastern Sea, an expert on the Voyager Eternals. She's devoted her life to them. She's here to help.(Layna walks away.) [Backstage]  The Rescue of B'Elanna Torres. We begin with Harry Kim reaching Voyager in the escape pod. He tells Captain Janeway that B'Elanna Torres is lost. We continue to the point where they discover a piece of the Delta Flyer. After that Or not found. That's exactly the problem. Where is the mistaken identity, the discovery, the sudden reversal? Mistaken identity, a character who is someone else. Discovery, the moment when that identity is revealed. Reversal, a situation that turns from good to bad in a blink of an eye. The truth of my story. It's an old-fashioned idea. Today, audiences want excitement, passion. Let me show you what I've done with Captain Janeway and Commander Chakotay. Let's make a good impression on our visitor. [Open Air Theatre]  We'll have a final rehearsal in the morning. I've got the rest of the night to work on it. Maybe you can get Anger is like fire. Love can be the rain that extinguishes it. My patron is filled with hatred for his rival, so our play should be filled with love. Yes, you can. It's been done before. Do you know what this place used to be a hundred years ago? A temple, and this was the altar stone. Every year a victim would be sacrificed on it in honour of winter. And then one year, nobody remembers exactly when or why, a play took the place of the ritual, and no one had to die here again. Why can't my play take the place of a war? Why? You're an Eternal. You have to help me. The Borg. Tell me more about them. Like insect colonies. That sounds terrifying. Captain Janeway hasn't been able to destroy them This is what I need. An enemy, someone to stand in the way of Voyager finding B'Elanna Torres. Captain Janeway, driven by vengeance, must seek out the Queen of the Borg. The audience thinks she plans to destroy them all, but The Sudden Reversal. Captain Janeway, holding her spear at the queen's throat, throws her weapon aside and she argues passionately to put an end to their conflict in words no one will fail to understand. Stay and help me. I still need an ending. B'Elanna Torres dies tragically. She'll be here. It'll come to me. Don't worry. [Delta Flyer] He will be. (Kelis is still writing.) It'll have to. Go, go. You know where the ridge ends just below the peak? Run there as fast as you can. You'll find a vessel wrecked against the rocks. Go inside and give this to our friend. Don't be frightened. Go. [Bridge] (Tuvok is in the Captain's chair, snoring.) It's too late. I knew you'd come. Stay. So do I. I'll be inspired every time I think of you. These stories will continue for as long as we have the breath to tell them. And as long as our patrons remain wise and compassionate. And Voyager will continue on her journey to the gleaming cities of Earth, where peace reigns and hatred has no home.
