 Ares Four to Kumagawa. How was the sunrise from down there? (Kumagawa is a woman, Kelly is a negroid man. He is watching a monitor showing a couple in spacesuits with a rover down on the surface.) Sorry I missed it. Any luck drilling through that lava plain? On to more important matters. Received an uplink from Houston. The Yankees won game five of the World Series. It's not over yet. There's still game six. We won't be the only ones making history today. Bokai just broke DiMaggio's record. If you ask me, Houston's been manipulating the stats. Well, how else do you explain Bokai beating out the Yankee Clipper? The ride got a little bumpy. Stand by. Picking up some turbulence. Checking LIDAR. What the hell? There's an object closing on my position, azimuth one twenty one point six. Whatever it is, it's huge. It's over a thousand metres across. I don't know, but I'm getting out of its way. Firing thrusters. Let's hope so. (The object gets bigger.)KELLY: It's no solar flare. Stardate 53292.7. [Chakotay's quarters] It's at least a thousand metres wide. Bright. It's generating an electromagnetic radiation, interfering with primary systems. I can't get away from it. Activating the transpectral imager. I'll record as much data as I can. It's right on top of me. I'll transmit as much as I can. I've lost contact with the team on the surface, and I can't get a fix on my position.  If there's a way in, there's got to be a way out. I'm gonna fire up the spectral imager before I initiate another engine burn, collect as much data as I can. Jeannie, I may not be bringing you back the Mars rock, I  All systems go. Watch me Dad, I'm flying. Boom. Bad landing. Call the MedEvac team. Ha. John Kelly's first flight, not exactly A-OK. Remember that, Dad? I jumped off the roof with a parachute made of blankets. I guess I didn't calculate the aerodynamics. Of course, I was only six. I guess [Delta Flyer - cockpit] KELLY  Rerouting whatever's left to the imager. Keep it running as long as possible. Mission Control, Dad, whoever finds this, do me a favour. Take all the data I've collected. Put it to good use. I hope you don't look at this as a failure. I don't. [Ares Four Command Module] KELLY
