Chakotay, please, I need your help. (The ship keeps appearing and disappearing.)KELLIN [OC]: Chakotay, are you reading me? Please answer. Please, anyone on Voyager, if you can hear me, I need help. Chakotay, is it you? (A red high-heeled boot is sticking out from under a sheet of metal.) But the beam will fall. All right. Yes. I knew you'd come. No. I can't. Captain, please, I need asylum. You must let me stay on your ship, and we've got to get away from here. They'll be coming after me. It's a complicated story. I'm not, I'm not sure quite how to begin. But if you don't give me asylum, they're going to track me down and they're going to take me back. And I don't want to go. Thank you. Will you stay with me? Then I'll be fine. Is he gone? Then we're alone. I'll try. It's complicated. You see, we've met before. No, you wouldn't. You couldn't. You see, the memories of my people can't be held in the minds of other races. When we encounter others, which we do infrequently, they remember us for a few hours, but then the memories fade away. We're completely forgotten by the next day. It's a factor of our biology. You see, our bodies produce a sort of pheromone which blocks the long-term memory engrams of others. We're impervious to those sort of devices. When you live a covert existence, you develop technology to enhance it. About a month ago. I spent several weeks here. You and I worked closely together. You helped me a great deal. Then I left, knowing that you would forget everything about me. I know you want everything in a nutshell. That's the way you work. But I have to tell you the whole story before it will make sense. I came back because I fell in love with you. [Briefing room] Good. Now compare them with your own logs over the last two months. Now overlay my route. There, you see. Our ships travelled together for at least two weeks. That's what I always liked about you two. Such unyielding logic, such refreshing scepticism. Run a diagnostic on my logs. You'll find they haven't been altered. (Chakotay enters.) As a matter of fact, I was quite fond of Neelix's food. Sounds wonderful. You were very diplomatic. You hate carrots, fried food upsets your stomach, and you refuse to eat pudding because you think it's slimy. Right? Aren't you more curious to hear about how we fell in love? If you hadn't returned the feelings, do you really think I would have taken such a terrible risk to get back to you? That was easy. The hard part was looking for the runaway without anyone finding me. I managed two days on the ship before I triggered an intruder alert and lost my cloak. And then I met you. [Flashback - Cargo bay two] (Kellin's personal cloak has failed and the alarm is sounding. She goes towards a noise and Chakotay jumps out I don't want to hurt you. Put your weapon down. I don't mean you any harm. You have a stowaway on board. I'll retrieve him and we'll be on our way.  I felt an attraction right away, but I couldn't afford to get distracted. I had work to do. And I didn't know if you felt it, too. You took me to Captain Janeway. I explained the situation. She didn't like the idea of a stowaway on her ship, so she told you and Tuvok to work with me to flush him out. You keep trying to jump to the end. You're skipping all the parts about us. Why? Does it make you uncomfortable? I see. (She gets up and goes to the window. He follows.) Of course. Can I have your pudding? Then you're forgiven. (A big Whumph! sends her into his arms.) It's the Tracers. They've found me. [Bridge] They've come to take me back. They won't answer. They'll keep firing until you surrender, or until I contact them and agree to come back. Yes. Captain, if you'll let me have access to your sensor systems, I can modify then to detect the ships. I think you might be able to detect them now, but only for a minute or two. I'd prefer to remain on board. I won't change my mind. But I must warn you. The Tracers won't give up that easily. Your ship is still at risk. I was only able to make a temporary modification to your sensors. If you let me access your Astrometrics processors, I could make that modification permanent. I can't relax until we're far enough away that they realise they can't get me back. And to my knowledge, that's never happened before. I have a high security clearance. They'll be afraid I'm going to do exactly what I'm about to do. Show you how to detect them. You're such a kind person. That's what I remembered most. It's what made me turn around and come back. And sometime, you might be interested in hearing about our last night together. [Mess hall] And the rest of it? What about us? I'm not one to hold back, as you may have noticed, so I'll get to the point. I came here because of you. I knew you wouldn't remember me, but I was sure we could regain the feelings we had before. They were there. They were real. But now I'm not so sure. My being here puts this ship at risk. It's better for everyone if I go back to Ramura. So please be honest. If you feel nothing for me, just tell me, and I'll leave. I could eat this every day. Voyager's a very powerful ship, and very fast. Ramuran vessels are fast. They could stay up with this ship. A Tracer never goes home empty-handed. The disgrace would be too great. When I was here before, I'd been tracking that man for almost a year. Let me show you. You were sitting here, in this chair, and I was here. And we were drinking something with bubbles. Yes, I wanted to celebrate. I'd caught my runaway that day with your help. You came up with the idea of using a magneton sweep to disrupt his polarisation cloak. We knew he'd be watching me closely so we tricked him. [Flashback - Transporter room] He must have jumped to another ship while Voyager was in orbit of Mikah last week. I'll find him eventually. Thank you, Commander. This is my problem. I'll handle it from now on. Just beam me back to my ship and I'll backtrack to Mikah. Goodbye, and thank you again. Hello, Resket. You were a real challenge.  We put him in the brig. Once I used the neurolytic emitter on him, he was only too happy to be going home again. We use it on runaways. It wipes their memories of the outside world. You'd become much more than a friend to me, but I knew I had to go home, and you'd forget about me within hours. So I took the initiative. Oh, yes. I moved closer to you. I thanked you profusely for all your help, told you that I couldn't have done it without you, and I touched you. I told you I, I cared very much for you and that I wanted Our weapons are proton based particle beams, very tightly focused. They can penetrate any shield even if the modulations are changed. No defence has ever stopped these weapons. You've found a way to counteract them? I'll do it right away. I want to help out in some way. I will. Thank you. (Kellin leaves.)  I should have known. They must have gotten somebody on board during the battle. No. There's a Tracer. He's here. He's come for me. That broken vase was a warning. It's too late. Curneth, don't. Please, I beg you, don't do this. No!(Curneth shines a beam in Kellin's face.) Don't let this happen, please. Don't let this happen. Promise me. If I forget why I'm here, if I forget you, do what I did and you tell me all about us, and you'll help me to remember. I'm fine. Do I know you? You'll have to forgive me but, I don't remember how I got here or anything else that's happened in at least the past few weeks. I hope I wasn't throwing things in a fit of rage. I assume a Tracer is here to take me back? But if I finished my assignment, why would I come back here? Forgive me. You're certainly attractive, but what you're telling me seems very unlikely. Are you saying that you fell in love with me as well? This is a little unsettling. What is it you want from me? I honestly can't imagine what would be served by that. I have to go home. Then that's all the more reason that I should leave now. I've violated one of our most important edicts, and I wouldn't want to make that mistake again. I wish, I wish we had met under different circumstances. [Transporter room] Thank you, Commander. You're such a kind person. I won't forget that.
