Divert emergency power to shields. Answer them. It may give us more time to get the cloak back on online. Visual. We will not surrender to sworn enemies [Bridge] KOHLAR  You're lying. What is there to talk about? [Bridge] Databases can be falsified. Impossible. I will meet this Chief Engineer. Forgive me if I don't find the word of a human very reassuring. I'm not answering any questions until I see the Klingon. [Briefing room] You're with child. Did you conceive during the holy month of Nay'Poq? It would have been fourteen or fifteen weeks ago. I must return to my ship. I must return to my vessel. You have my word.  It's the truth. The scrolls say, you will find me after two warring houses make peace. Our people and the Federation, our greatest enem,y are at peace. The other signs are present. You will know me before I know the world. You interpret the scrolls well. Your scepticism darkens my heart, T'Greth. What evidence did our ancestors have when they began this journey? Nothing but their faith. Tell the others to prepare. The Day of Separation has arrived. [Bridge] I salute you, Captain. You did more damage to our vessel than my engineer thought. There isn't time. I'm requesting emergency transport.  You spared us a dishonourable death. It was the only way to get us aboard Voyager. It's our sacred duty to be here. More than a hundred years ago, my great-grandfather was part of a sect which believed the Empire had lost its way. They discovered a sacred text. It told them to embark on a journey to a distant region of the galaxy. My people have always known the voyage would be long and difficult, but the scrolls said we would be rewarded. We would find the Kuvah'Magh, the saviour of our people. The one who will lead us to a new empire. The scrolls instruct us to follow her wherever she goes. I believe the Kuvah'Magh is the unborn child of B'Elanna Torres. [Briefing room] You honour us with your presence. Yes, but It wasn't important. Show me where it's written that the Kuvah'Magh must have pure Klingon blood. I've spent my life interpreting the scroll,s and I say that all the signs of the Prophecy are here. Lieutenant, I need your help. That's what I'm trying to prevent. [Briefing room] Perhaps you're right. But we must convince my people that she is. We've travelled more than thirty thousand light years in search of this saviour, and in more than one hundred years we've found nothing except hardship and isolation. When I saw Lieutenant Torres, that she was with child, I didn't know if I was looking at the mother of the Kuvah'Magh or not. But I did know I was looking at an opportunity to end this wasteful journey. What I believe is that my people have suffered enough. If they accept your child as the Kuvah'Magh you'll hold great influence over them. We can find a suitable planet. You can tell them it's their new home and they'll follow you there. What's the alternative? My people staying aboard your ship draining your resources? Perhaps you won't have to lie to them to convince them. If you study the scrolls with me, we may be able to interpret them in way that appears consistent with the events of your life. Then we'll bring those consistencies to the attention of the Council. It is possible that the sacred scrolls were scrawled by a madman in a cave. Or perhaps they really were divinely inspired. Either way, they've guided us for over a century. If my people start to believe that the sacred scrolls have led them astray, there may be violence. Merely a fact. You're doing everything you can to get your people home, Captain. That's all I'm doing for mine. [Torres-Paris' quarters] We all have nobility in our blood if we go back far enough. It is written that the mother of the Kuvah'Magh would be an off-worlder. Weren't you born on a Federation colony? It also says that you would have lived a life of solitude, and endured many hardships. That's accurate, isn't it? Haven't you? Did you help destroy one of their vessels? Couldn't that have been your glorious victory? Where are the images of Kahless? Where is your family crest? Don't you honour any of your people's traditions? There is one tradition we can honour together. It's midday. Time to remember the sacrifice of our ancestors. Haven't you made a plea for the dead before? The dead can't rest in Sto-Vo-Kor if the living don't honour their memory. Perhaps there's someone I can honour on your behalf. Who did you plead for as a child? She was called? Kahless, we implore you to remember those warriors who have fallen in your name. Lift them out of the Cavern of Despair and reveal yourself to them in all your glory. Remember Kolax, son of Amar. Remember Talij, daughter of K'Rene. Your ancestors would be honoured. T'Greth, there is precedent for an honourable compromise. A non-lethal bout, fought with blunted bat'leths. The victory goes to the first warrior to knock his opponent to the ground three times. Was the Emperor Mur'Eq a coward? He was the one who instituted these rules to insure that his warriors would kill their enemies and not each other. He'll be ready. I'll train him myself. [Corridor] Warriors, assemble! (Paris is in Klingon armour. Torres hands him his bat'leth.) Let honour guide you. Tagh. (Paris and T'Greth circle each other.) It's begun. He's dying. It's the nehret. It kills all of us who aren't fortunate enough to die in battle. [Sickbay] The nehret always comes without warning. We've never thought of it as a disease. It's more like old age. We'll require topographical scans. You're ill, old friend. You should remain here. We transport in one hour. [Transporter room] We have B'Elanna Torres's child to thank for it. The Kuvah'Magh has healed all of us. She truly is our saviour. Captain's log, stardate 54529.8. While we're helping the Klingons into their new home, life aboard Voyager is gradually returning to normal. [Outside Tuvok's quarters] The bat'leth given to me by my great-grandfather. It's for your daughter. I hope someday you'll tell her about us. Qapla', B'Elanna Torres.
