I've never seen you so troubled, Chakotay. [Forest clearing] (Kolopak is carefully building a fire.) A son, Chakotay? Oh. This is the reason for your despair. Was he born with two arms and two legs and a heart that beats? Then it's a cause for celebration. You will make a fine father. You needn't worry. Hmm. Not willing? No part in it? Well, it's been a long time, so forgive me, but it seems that I had to play a part before your mother could conceive. I see. You're trying to decide whether you should accept the child in your heart. But it must begin with that! He knows nothing of deception. He is innocent. Centuries ago, when the women of our tribe were raped by white conquerors, many gave birth to their children, and we did not reject them. They were accepted by the tribe. One was a direct ancestor of ours, Chakotay. His name was Ce Acatl. He became a great leader of our people. Here is a man who was given life without his mother's consent. Are you so different from her? And is your child so different from Ce Acatl? He is your son, Chakotay, and he is a child of our people. [Briefing room]
I don't want you to go wandering off. Antonio. (Kolopak speaks the local language to their one of their guides. Antonio replies in the same language.) He says you're quite a scout, a kep-o-ne. Well, it was your eyes that saw it. No one else's did. That's the important thing. Come. I want you to understand this. It's a blessing to the land, an ancient healing symbol. A chamozi. They probably cut this down for firewood. Well, the closest thing to the ancient Rubber Tree People that we'll ever see. The people in this tribe are their descendants, just like we are. But they never left this jungle, and they rarely intermarry with other tribes. Chakotay, they have chosen to live like this for centuries. That's why we are travelling on foot and not using a transporter. We honour the Sky Spirits who led our ancestors to this sacred land. Yes. That's why they call it a rain forest. It's said the Sky Spirits honoured the land above all else. Maybe it's because this land yields so many different kinds of life. Maybe they wanted us to become friends with everything in nature, including the bugs. Maybe that's why they keep biting you. You're miserable. It was a mistake to bring you. I'm sorry. From the day you came out of your mother, upside down, I knew the Spirits had chosen you to be a contrary. If you have no spirits to guide you, I fear you will lose your way. [Shuttlecraft] Listen to him, Chakotay. What does he say to you? He says, you are home, eh? What? And he would do such a thing without even discussing it with me? Ah. I take it you've been accepted by the Academy? Well, you've never fully embraced the traditions of our tribe, I know that. And you've always been curious about other societies, and that is why I allowed you to read about them. Because I believe that ignorance is our greatest enemy. But to leave the tribe? That past is a part of you, no matter how hard you try to reject it. It is not the place of a fifteen year old boy to question the choices of his tribe. You will never belong to that other life. And if you leave, you will never belong to this one. You'll be caught between worlds. They have reason to be scared. Who can blame them? Their history, our history, is filled with conquerors who brought slavery and disease and death. A chamozi. (Finally, we get subtitled translations of the local language. Kolopak also uses sign language.) I honour the sacred land of the Sky Spirits. I have come very far to find you, my cousins. It is the language of my ancestors. Listen to him, Chakotay. Do you hear what he says to you?
