The target buoy is solid monotanium, ten metres thick, shielded by a chromoelectric forcefield. (The salesman is humanoid, with a pretty pattern running from the top of his nose into his hairline.) I'm glad you agree. It's not wise to travel this region without adequate defences. I've seen scuttled ships with more firepower than Voyager. Imagine what you'll be capable of once the isokinetic cannon is integrated into your defensive systems. One projectile can penetrate the shields of any heavily armoured vessel. Hostile species will know to avoid Voyager by reputation alone. Even the most sophisticated charts become obsolete. One random anomaly and they're no longer accurate. However, I could be persuaded if you were to include the mapping technology that created them. How generous a supply? One hundred and fifty. One twenty five. Of course. For a modest fee. It's good to see the art of negotiation isn't lost on you, Captain. (Kovin is escorted into the turbolift.)  You'll need to install isolinear buffer circuits here and here. Unnecessary. All the buffer circuits would have to fail simultaneously for there to be any danger. What are you doing? The isokinetic circuit requires a specialised protocol. Let me take care of it. No, no! The subroutines need to be arranged in cascading sequence. Let me show you. (Kovin pushes Seven aside, so she knocks him down. Kovin's security guard grabs Seven, then Torres joins in.) Do you see this, Captain? She shattered it. It was unprovoked. She came at me like an animal! I barely touched her. A gentle gesture to move her out of my way so I could get to the console, then she turned on me, attacked me. I told her how to reconfigure the tactical control systems properly. That's all! She would have killed me. That woman is dangerous. Why are you questioning me on this? You should be disciplining your crew member. Terawatt powered particle beam rifle, four microsecond recharge cycle, ten kilometre range. I can do that now. Care to join me? You can make sure the adjustments perform to your specifications. Go right ahead. This way. Most of these hand-held disrupters are. Not if you polarise the emitter matrix. That compensates for any instabilities. Watch. Restrain her, quickly. That's what I've been telling you.  The bio-ablation pump is engaged and pressurised. (Liquid bubbles through cylinders and tubes. Seven is in pain.)  Use the maximum setting of the metagenic pulse to stimulate the implants. Prepare to harvest the nanoprobes. I'm sorry. I should have been more careful. Of course. [Cargo Bay two]  This is offensive and absurd. She's obviously lying. Maybe you can answer that. She's your crewmember. First she attacks me, then she invents these ridiculous stories, and you try to place the blame on me. Is this some kind of negotiating tactic? I told you already. We went to my laboratory to adjust the guidance system on the particle beam rifle. She insisted absolute precision. She was, after the rifle's power cell overloaded. We reported the accident immediately. That's preposterous. But it didn't. We were both startled for a moment. And after I apologised for the accident, she asked if I had a dermal regenerator, which I did, and I used on her arm. The one with the mechanical implants. I was aware she'd been a Borg. She told me herself. No. Is that what you think I've done? I haven't taken anything. No. This has already gone too far. Are you willing to risk our trade agreement all on the basis of one crew member's delusions? I don't seem to have much choice. [Tuvok's office] That's right. I was showing her how to polarise the emitter matrix. I must have tuned the induction frequency too high. No. I have done it a hundred times. It was a careless mistake. How many times do I need to apologise? Then what do you want? Are you trying to catch me in a lie? Trick me into confessing? You can't, because there's nothing for me to confess! I haven't done anything wrong. Your crewmember, Seven of Nine, she's very fortunate. She has an entire crew leaping to her defence. I have no one. You mean the Magistrate? He won't help me. He's more interested in protecting diplomatic relations with people like you. You don't understand. On my world, we depend on trade with alien species. There are strict protocols about those relationships. Even being accused of violating them is a serious offence. It won't matter. Once they're made, the damage is done. I won't be trusted any longer. I'll be ruined. Please, I never hurt your crew member. Don't do this. You strike me as a man of your word. If you tell me I won't be prejudged, then I believe you. [Sickbay]  Right this way, Magistrate. My laboratory. I told you, just work benches. Yes. Of course she did. She was here. That's a micro-calliper. I used it to remove the casing over the guidance system on the particle beam rifle. Yes. Not as it is. With the proper modifications I could reconfigure your comm. badge to manipulate neurotransmitters. What's your point? That's where her arm was hit when the rifle overloaded. No. Please. No. (Kovin grabs a hand weapons.)KOVIN: Stay where you are. I trusted you. You said it would be an impartial investigation. But you're all determined to find what you want to find. Well, I'm not going to let this happen. (Kovin beams himself away.) Stop your pursuit. I can damage your ship. Then let me go. This is a trap. I don't believe you.
