Do not mind Bevvox. He can be grouchy in the morning. Welcome aboard. You seem tense. This is a time for celebration. The geostability of your world has been restored, your people saved. And all because you had the wisdom to accept our help. That it not to say it was not a challenge. Finding the precise harmonic for a planetary containment field did put my colleague here to Solving problems is what we do. And seeing the look of gratitude in your eyes is almost reward enough. Almost. It is rare, but hardly unique. And it is not what we agreed upon. You are lying. The mines collapsed, but before they did you transferred the ore to a shielded storage facility. Needless to say, we detected it. Get it to us now, or I will deactivate the containment field. Have you ever experienced a level twelve seismic event? Most violent. Quite unnerving. Of course. It is already forgotten, my friend. Perhaps we will do business again someday. Show our friend back to his shuttle. I would hate for him to get lost in such an unfamiliar place. (Saowin bows himself out, bumping into the sea-slug's tank.) There is nothing like a good problem to spark the synapses, is there? To open the mind to new possibilities, new ways of seeing things. Of course, one must always confront self- doubt and fear, but that is a small price to pay for the exhilaration of finding the perfect solution. You have a problem, Captain. I am the solution. I've deactivated your communications device, Captain, but do not worry. I am not an intruder. In fact, I am not really here. Nothing so crude. An isomorphic projection. (He sips her coffee.)KURROS: You actually enjoy this? It bears a resemblance to an Alkian confection we acquired several years ago. I am a member of a small group. Explorers, like you. But we seek out challenges, problems to be solved. Technological, biological, social, even artistic. I like that. It's very apt. Our Think Tank is nearby. A modest vessel. I have come to offer our help with your Hazari paradox. That is right. Is it an escape route or is it a trap? Do they know that you know that they know? It is the best kind of puzzle. Pure tactics, psychology. Whatever your culture has to offer that is unique. Technology perhaps, or maybe something you would not even think to value. I would need a closer look at your database. You are wise to be suspicious, Captain. We have done some preliminary analysis on their manoeuvres. It does suggest some more likely ambushes. I've downloaded the data onto your computer. Naturally. Our coordinates are in here, too. But we have our own security concerns, Captain. Please, bring only one crewman and no scanning equipment. Then I look forward to meeting you in person. [Bridge] Actually, she is studying you. Our resident expert on temporal physics. Perhaps the most gifted member of our group. She finds you interesting. Bionetic implants, neural transceivers? A Borg? I've never seen one outside the Collective. Forgive me. I am Kurros, and this is Fennim. In answer to your earlier question, this device allows the members of our group to communicate telepathically. (A large hemispherical pale blue pulsing device set into a raised section of the floor.) It sounds as if another member of our crew is anxious to meet you. (They go to the viewport into Bevvox's tank.) His name is Bevvox. He prefers a variable gravity environment. At the moment exo-sociology and quantum mechanics, but his interests vary from time to time. Bevvox founded our group more than one hundred years ago, after wandering the galaxy on his own for a few millennia. If you please, that is a sensitive topic with him. And there is one other individual who rounds out our group. (The mechanoid.) The mind of mathematician and the soul of an artist. I'm afraid he'd much rather be modelling a fractal sculpture than analysing the data of our latest astronomical scan. And now you have met us all. A small group of minds, but we have helped hundreds of clients. We turned the tide in the war between the Bara Plenum and the Motali Empire. Re-ignited the red giants of the Zai Cluster. Just recently, we found a cure for the Vidiian phage. You would hardly recognise them now. Just last month we helped retrieve a Lyridian child's runaway pet. A subspace mesomorph, I might add. We had to invent a whole new scanning technology just to find it. One of their transgalactic star charts. The best map of the known galaxy ever created. When we helped the citizens of Rivos Five resist the Borg, all we asked for was the recipe for their famous zoth-nut soup. Care for a taste? What do you mean? As you know, there is no shortage of conflict in what you call the Delta Quadrant. Many of our clients are at war. To be frank, we will assist in the neutralisation of fleets, starbases, even planets. But we will not participate in the decimation of an entire species, nor will we design weapons of mass destruction. My colleague here wishes to speak to Seven of Nine about her bionetic technology. May he interface with you? (Seven steps up to the mechanoid.) To business, Captain. I believe we can solve the Hazari paradox without firing a single weapon. Then there is only the matter of payment. (Janeway hands over a PADD.) I'll contact you with our requests. [Bridge] Captain, we have compiled a short list of items we would like. It was not easy. Voyager has a great deal to offer. It is still intriguing, theoretically. Yes. I am pleased to hear that. I realise the next item may seem unorthodox, but I believe it can be beneficial to both of us. She will have an extraordinary opportunity to explore the galaxy as one of us. I understand your feelings, Captain, but have you thought to I admire your humility. The collective knowledge of the Borg contained within a single mind. When we factor in your innate intelligence and the enhancements afforded you by your bionetic implants, we concluded you are an ideal candidate. The first we have recruited in seventeen years. During your interview. It was the most efficient way to evaluate your abilities. I am sure you can appreciate that. Enough to know that you are tapping into only a fraction of your potential as a member of Voyager's crew. You were adjusting the deflector array to improve shield harmonics. Do you find such duties challenging? Without problems that test the limits of your abilities, you cannot expand them. Perfection will always be beyond your reach. Seven, you could become one of the greatest intellects in the galaxy, but that will not happen here among these limited lifeforms. They are your family. It was hard for me to leave my family, too. And I was only a child. Not much older than you when you were first assimilated. To help them and my world solve a cataclysmic problem. I did not realise it at first. I was too young. But they gave me a remarkable opportunity, and now I am offering the same to you. We have a singular mission, to perfect our knowledge. Perfection sometimes necessitates selfishness. It is your life. Not Voyager's, not Captain Janeway's or anyone else's. It is up to you to achieve the goals you have set for yourself. Please, take more time to think about this. We will remain nearby in case you change your mind. May I accompany you?  Do you have a problem, Captain? Our first offer. Captain, when the Hazari strike in pairs, one ship always remains behind to reinforce the shields of the attacking vessel. This one is free. Consider it a friendly gesture of goodwill in the hopes that Seven will change her mind. You are making a fatal mistake. We have already analysed hundreds of scenarios. Voyager will not survive without our help. Your confidence is unfounded, Captain. Reconsider. Order Seven of Nine to join us.  Our offer was denied. How shall we proceed? Then it is decided. We will wait and let our problem solve itself. [Hazari vessel] Put them through. [Hazari vessel] Hazari vessel, we have received your hails. Can we be of assistance? I do not believe we have met. My friend, regardless of the circumstances, we have a contract. All right, we will triple the bounty. But you must deliver them to us now. Let us be honest, Captain. Things do not seem to be going your way. I admit you have been clever. You uncovered our subterfuge, but you failed to factor in all the variables. The greed of the Hazari, for example. A few torpedoes will not alter the outcome. If you do not convince Seven of Nine to join us now, the destruction of your ship is ninety nine point eight percent certain. Clinging to that point two percentage? Hazari reinforcements should be here any minute. I believe she's saving your ship. Have a safe journey home, Captain. [Think Tank]  Seven of Nine, welcome. You gave into your human instincts to save your crew, as we knew you would. Just another factor in our equation. Do not worry. The solution to the Hazari paradox is quite simple. [Hazari vessel] KURROS Fine, but first order your other vessels to stand down.  Why is he in such a hurry? If we decloak, we would be vulnerable. The Hazari could make quite a bounty on us. Far more than we are paying them. I think this is a trap, a new paradox your Captain has created for us. If we call their bluff, the Hazari might destroy Voyager, and we would lose you. If we reveal ourselves, we could be destroyed. There is one very simple way to narrow the odds. We simply link you to our communications system, allow our artificial intelligence to probe your mind as it did before, and Captain Janeway's plans will be revealed, like a jewel in a bed of fog. [Medical lab] Primitive spatial charges. I will have the dome back online I urge you to reconsider, Captain. We can still negotiate a peaceful solution. Do not destroy my faith in diplomacy. You know you will never be satisfied here among these people. Is this what you really want? A minor problem.
