Hey, Harry! You ready to go? Very funny. Come on. We'd better get moving if we're going to catch the transport to Headquarters. Come on. Come on. It's just a case of the jitters. You'll do just fine. (They walk back to the subway entrance for the Mission District Line of Trans Francisco.) [Starfleet Headquarters] (Silver haired senior officers in TNG black-shoulder uniforms sit on the other side of the big conference table. Lasca sets up his laptop for the presentation.) Relax, Harry. If all goes well, you'll walk out of this room a Lieutenant. Let me see that warp coil schematic. The coil diagram. The one with the new plasma flow equations. Forgot? Harry, we need that diagram to show that we worked out the dilithium fracture problem. Well, we'll just have to improvise. (A middle aged Admiral enters.) Thank you, Admiral. (Lasca calls up a schematic on the wall screen.) Ladies and gentlemen, you are looking at the new runabout Yellowstone. It's equipped with tetryon plasma warp nacelles, and designed for a variety of mission profiles. I'm actually glad you asked that question, sir. We've been working on the problem for several weeks, and I think you'll see that we have found an answer. I'd like to introduce you to the engineer who designed these new warp engines, and I might add, he is the most promising young engineer to come out of the Academy in a long time. Ensign Harry Kim. Harry? (sotto) Come on, Harry. Pull it together. We've been waiting for this for six months. Harry, you'd better be dying. [Kim's office] (A picture of him with Libby on the desk, a model of NCC1701D on a stand, various framed certificates on the wall. A massive computerised drafting board.) Harry, just relax. Starfleet knows what you've been doing. Breaking into classified files, using forged security access codes. That's why we're here. We're going to take you back to Starfleet Headquarters. They want to ask you a few questions. Harry, I don't doubt for a minute that you believe you're telling the truth, but we have to consider all the possibilities. Like you could be delusional, or you could have had your memory centres altered so that you think what you're saying is the truth. Or you could be an alien masquerading as Harry Kim. Harry, we want to help you but try to understand. What you are telling us doesn't make much sense. All we know so far is that you have been seen talking with a Maquis criminal, and you've broken into classified Starfleet records. Until there is something else, something concrete, those are the facts in this case, and you have to admit, the facts look pretty bad. (A security officer enters and puts an ankle tag on Kim.)
