You've grown. Then we're very grateful to you. I'm Leucon, Icheb's father. This is his mother, Yifay. We're very happy to have you back with us. Mala, Remi, Yivel. Where's Icheb? What exactly is there to discuss? We have a physician in our settlement. If Icheb has an aptitude for science, I'm sure he'll find that we have a great deal to teach him. We've developed sophisticated techniques in agricultural genetics which allow us to grow crops in an inhospitable environment. No, it's all right, Captain. This planet is our home. We will never leave it. We will defend it against the Borg or anyone else who threatens us. We'd like to see our son now. Your mother worked hard on that meal. Couldn't you at least try  The Borg didn't leave us much to work with but we didn't need much, just a little ingenuity. Everything you see, we built with our own hands. Our homes, cultivation bays A genetic re-sequencer. We use it to alter the DNA of certain plants to conform with environmental conditions. We adapted parts from damaged vessels. Nothing's been wasted. Efficiency's one attribute we share with the Borg. In our case, it's a necessity. I know our settlement seems primitive compared to Voyager, but I promise you, that will change. Someday we'll have ships that rival Voyager, but we need the dedication of young people like you to help us. (A young man shouts over from the rocky field.) You used to be quite an athlete. You can make a difference here, Icheb. It won't take you long to learn. Not with a mind like yours. (Seven beams down.) We're going to have to install one eventually. Might as well do it now. But he has asked to stay tonight. We'll have to devise a way of recharging it. My wife and I appreciate everything you've done for our son. It's obvious you care about him. Yes, he is. To get him back is, well, a miracle. Since the Borg first attacked us, we've taken great pains to hide whatever new technology we develop. Unfortunately, we haven't always been successful. One morning, about four years ago, Icheb heard me talking about a new fertilisation array we'd constructed in the lower field. He wanted to see it. I told him I'd take him the next day but he was impatient, the way boys can be. I never even realised he'd wandered off when the alarm sounded. It turns out the Borg were just as interested in our new technology as Icheb was. They took him, and assimilated everyone in the area. If only I'd kept a closer eye on him. But still, it's hard not to blame myself. Your parents must've felt the same way when they lost you. I can't imagine what that must have been like for them, watching their daughter being assimilated. Helpless to defend her. I understand.  There's a star called Kelsin Three. To the west is the Orlitus Cluster. There, just above it, when you connect those six stars, they form what we call the Great Horn. Being on that starship, you've learned much more about astronomy than I have. Our little window can't compare to Voyager's Astrometrics lab. Icheb has people on Voyager who love him, too. They're good people. People who've experienced hardship themselves. Seven of Nine told me about your science project. She said it might prove very useful. How will that benefit them? Interesting, isn't it? With all their technology, their opportunity to explore the galaxy, the thing they want most is to get home. [Astrometrics lab]  Couldn't we at least wait a few days? He's just getting settled. Why do it at all? There's nothing compelling us to go through with it. Hasn't he been through enough? Why not give him a chance at an ordinary life? No, but he can help us in other ways. He's bright. He's hardworking. I don't want to lose him a second time. We didn't expect to see you again, Captain. We've already discussed that. He's not here. We don't have particle weapons or powerful starships at our disposal. We're forced to use the only resource we have. Every time we try to rebuild, begin to make progress, the Borg come and take it away from us. You have no right to interfere. Captain, a Borg ship will emerge from that conduit at any moment. You'll be destroyed.
