Harry? Hey, it's time to wake up. What's wrong? Yes? What's wrong with you? Come on. You're going to be late. You have a meeting. Oh nine hundred, remember? You've only been obsessing about it for a week. I don't want Lieutenant Lasca blaming me because you weren't on time for the biggest meeting of your career. Now get dressed and I'll make you some breakfast. (Later, Harry comes out of the bathroom in his uniform into his one room apartment. The bed has pride of place under the windows.) Come on, the eggs are getting cold. What's with you today? The date? 49011. We both have a long day ahead of us. Could we play this little game another time, please? That's not funny, Harry, talking about Voyager like that. The memorial service was only two months ago. Danny was your best friend. How could you joke about it? I'm done with this conversation. Go to work. I'll see you tonight. (Libby goes to get dressed.) Hello? Who's there? Harry? Are you okay? You feel a little warm. God, you're tense. Why don't you tell me what happened today? But Harry, forget about work. Try to relax. You're home now. What can I do to help? I tell you that every day. Aren't you getting sick of hearing it? Okay. I love you, Harry. Welcome home. So, if we haven't seen each other for months, where have you been? A mission? Oh. Sounds lonely. Tell me something. You didn't stop at Risa along the way, did you? You thought about me the whole time? Do me a favour. Don't ever leave me again. [Kim's apartment - night] (Candles flicker in tall holders. Kim disentangles himself from Libby and gets out of bed. He picks up his clarinet for a few moments then turns on the desk computer in the home office alcove. The database he looks at is Crew Manifest 74656.) Harry? It's four in the morning. What are you doing? When are you going to tell me what's going on? You're not a very good liar, Harry. You've been acting strange all day. And I'm not the only one who's worried about you. Lieutenant Lasca called this afternoon. He said he's never seen you so agitated, so don't tell me there's nothing going on. I do trust you. I love you. That's why I'm marrying you. I would hope you would have the same trust in me. Oh? If you're having second thoughts about getting married, why didn't you just say so? Another reality. Harry, you're starting to scare me. Maybe you should talk to a counsellor, a neurologist. There may be something wrong with you. Where are you going? What for? But you just said you were going to Marseilles. Okay. [Sandrine's, Marseilles] (By the waterfront. An alien leaves as Kim enters the familiar location and leans against the infamous pool table.) Harry, please. Just go with them. Tell them what you told me. Everything will be all right. Obviously. You're in enough trouble as it is. What do you want them to do, put you in prison? Where you belong. You used to say you belonged here with me. But I guess everything's changed, hasn't it? Do you? Do you really know what it's like when the person you love suddenly changes? But if you're really Harry, you wouldn't be trying so hard to get away from me. I don't understand. I don't understand any of this. Sorry. [Street] (A security officer dives at Kim from a lower level window, and gets elbowed for his trouble. Kim makes it to ground level.)
