Who are you? The captain? How are we going to get home without the officers? We're passengers, not crewmen. We need to get our cloak back online. No, the cloak is more important. We appreciate your help. Mister Kim, I feel guilty asking even more of you, but no one on this ship knows how to fly it. Couldn't you take us? This ship needs an experienced commanding officer. It's not just my ship that concerns me. You've made an enemy of the Annari now. But if you dock your ship in our shuttlebay, our cloak will protect you. Please, Mister Kim, we can't afford to fail. This ship, We can trust these people. I'm a doctor. These people are my research team. We're carrying new vaccines to our homeland. They'll save thousands of lives. Thank you.  She's formed an alliance with our enemy. That's how the Annari operate. They come to you as friends and when they've won your trust, they declare you subjects of the Annari Empire. [Bridge] KIM  Our chances of getting home without your help aren't very good. We'd appreciate any assistance you could offer. It's perfect. Are you absolutely certain? The cloaking system is delicate. It requires constant attention. I simply want to ensure that our mission is a success. The cloak is going to fail again. Minor? We're losing our main defence system. Dayla, it's Loken. Take the warp core offline. Bypass the driver coil and shunt power directly to the polaron matrix. (The ship vanishes.) I'm not reading any life signs in Engineering. [Kraylor ship - crew quarters] I believe she may be in shock. That might be indicated. I don't know what you mean. My colleagues and I have been working at a secret base, but not to create vaccines. We've been developing cloaking devices for our fleet. The Annari know we have it, and they don't want us to get it home. Our world has been under an Annari blockade for three years. The planet is protected by a shield grid, but it's almost impossible to get our ships in or out. It is. The Annari are choking us to death, slowly. If we can't get supply ships through the blockade, we can't get food to our people. Or medicine. He knows about the cloak. I believe you're the one who's been relieved. [Corridor] They're scanning pulses designed to illuminate cloaked ships. If we hit one, we'll be exposed. I thought you were leaving. We should return fire. Our shields are failing. We trusted you. But the cloak.
