Alien vessel, this is the Taresian starship. There you are! Our sensors detected you aboard your ship. I'm glad to see you're safe. In a way. I know you are one of my people. You're Taresian. Welcome home. Captain's log 50732.4. The Taresians have escorted us back to their homeworld so we can continue to investigate their claim that Ensign Kim is a member of their race. [Taresia] (The away team of Janeway, Tuvok, Kim and Paris are greeted by a phalanx of women.) Welcome. We're so glad to have you here. This is a day of celebration. Another Taresian has returned. Of course. Yes, those are part of your Taresian genes. They're becoming active. We'd be happy to provide your Doctor with some DNA samples for comparison. You were conceived here, on this world. While you were still an embryo, you were placed in stasis and taken to Earth to be implanted in the womb of an Earth woman. She would have been completely unaware of the procedure. After the implantation process, the child begins to incorporate some DNA from the surrogate parent. You developed physically as a human, so she would have thought you were her natural child. Yes, and when they return, each child brings an infusion of new genetic material as well as of first hand experience about another culture. His DNA was encoded with certain instincts, including the desire to explore space. Your accident may have brought him here faster, but he always would have been driven to find his way back. You are the first to return from such a great distance. (Rinna gives Kim a small cup of liquid, and he strokes her cheek.) It's been encoded into your Taresian genes. As you've gotten closer to home and seen familiar sights, your dormant genetic memory has been reawakened. They probably detected a Taresian aboard your ship as we did. For the Nasari, that's reason enough to destroy you. We have no interest in fighting with them, but they seem determined to destroy us. Our defence capabilities prevent them from attacking directly, but they do everything in their power to stop our people from returning home. It's a defence mechanism we've programmed into all our children. I think eventually they'll tire of waiting for you to come out. In the meantime, I'd advise you to simply stay here for a while. (Kim looks at the carvings in the coping around the room.) Harry, I'm glad you could be here for this. Not that I know of. They probably haven't returned yet. Try not to worry. Your Captain may need some time to convince those people to see reason. Come, join the celebration while you wait. And of course you're welcome to stay the night. [Corridor] This could have been a joyous occasion. Amal ulat! Harry, there's nowhere to go. (Then he gets beamed up.) [Bridge]
