I'm Mabus. My friends and I are Trabe. They hurt you. Let's get the bleeding stopped, then I'll clean it. They seem to be detaining anyone who isn't Kazon. Several of our group have been taken for questioning, but so far none of them have come back. Five days. They attacked us in space. Twenty of our group died. We've lost nine more since they put us in prison, including most of the governing council. I'm the only one left. If we've learned anything, it's how to survive. Did you notice how many guards they have posted at the entrance to the prison? We don't plan to sit here while they kill us one by one. We were able to get a message through to another Trabe vessel before we were boarded. Help is on the way. Can we count on you? Captain's log, supplemental. We're on our way to rendezvous with Mister Neelix. I can only hope that he had more luck with the Kazon than we did. [Bridge]  Some of the children are too weak to run. We'll have to carry them. We can use another pair of strong arms. I can't promise we'll get out of here alive, but if we stay here we'll die anyway. That one might be a problem. He's the kind who'll start shooting at the first sign of trouble. This may be it. Be ready. Stay back. (The weapons fire and shouting gets closer.) Get back against the walls. (A ball rolls up to the guard's foot. He touches it and it explodes.) Now! Let's go! Let's go! Come on! Come on, everyone! Let's go. Come on, out. Let's go. Come on. Nice work, my friends. Let's go. [Bridge]  I was eight years old when it started. I wasn't even particularly aware of the Kazon. They lived in restricted areas that children weren't allowed to go near. I didn't know they lived in poverty and filth. I didn't know they were persecuted by the Trabe police. I was told they were violent and dangerous, and had to be kept isolated so they wouldn't get loose and kill us. Which is exactly what they did, but we brought it on ourselves. The Trabe treated them like animals, fenced them in, encouraged them to fight amongst themselves so they wouldn't turn on us, and sat by while they turned into a violent, angry army. When they finally realised we were their true enemy, we didn't stand a chance. I was luckier than most. A friend's father grabbed me and took me with his family to one of the starships that managed to escape. I can still remember it happened so fast. One minute I was a happy child playing in a field, the next an orphan exiled in space. A goal you may well achieve, Captain, but the Kazon have refused to allow us to find a new homeworld. Every time we try to settle somewhere, they attack and drive us away. We're scattered, like nomads, with no home and little hope. Remarkable, isn't it? Most of the Trabe who persecuted the Kazon are either dead or old men by now. Most of us were children when the uprising occurred, and our children are innocent, but the Kazon's desire for revenge is as strong as ever. [Somewhere on Voyager] RETTICK  Captain, I'm glad to see you. I want to thank you for the use of your medical facilities. We have very few doctors. Of course. [Corridor] Go on. It clearly would be a stronger force if we did that. It's a reasonable idea Captain. I have no objection. But it would only benefit your group and mine. There are other Trabe who wouldn't enjoy the same protection. I wonder if you might consider a somewhat more bold plan. Together, the Voyager and the Trabe would be a force to be reckoned with. Suppose we took advantage of that and asked the representatives of all the Kazon factions to join us at the bargaining table. Peace. Together we would represent a stabilising force in this corner of the quadrant. Bring the factions together, convince them that an end to violence would be in everyone's best interest. Think about it. I believe it could work. [Culluh's vessel] Maje Culluh. I'm gratified to be meeting you like this. I hope we'll be able to come to terms. Times change, Maje. How can we do that? We're scattered and disparate. All we ask for is a chance to find a new homeworld and settle peacefully. Gentlemen. Allow me to confer with my Federation colleagues. Please, have some refreshments and let us continue in a few moments. Captain, would you please join me? (The glasses on the table start rattling.) Captain, I really need to talk to you now!  You've ruined what would have been the greatest step towards peace in decades. I could have decimated the Kazon leadership. It would have taken them years to recover. You don't know the Kazon. There's no dealing with them. Violence is all they understand. You're naive, Captain. It's clear you have no understanding of the harsh realities of this part of space. What I tried to do was done as much for you as it was for us. Captain, don't do this. You're going to need us. The Kazon will be determined to seek revenge. How can this one ship hope to survive?
