This sanctuary honours our Ancestral Spirits. Their presence is very strong here. (Two robed figures stop and bow to them.) Those are brothers of the Nechisti Order. They've devoted their lives to serving the spirits. Here's something you might find interesting. (He leads Janeway and Tuvok on. Neelix and Kes lag behind.) You mustn't be here. This shrine is protected. This is most unfortunate. Please, I must ask you to leave as well. I have no idea. This is a sacred place. Only the monks truly understand what happens here. That's out of the question. It would show disrespect to the spirits. There's nothing you can do. She's been punished by the spirits. She's going to die. I'll be happy to talk to her and do whatever I can to help, but your presence here only makes a delicate situation worse. Please, leave now. [Sickbay] (Janeway enters. Neelix is at Kes' bedside.) Please understand, Captain, I'm caught in a most difficult situation. I'm an official of the government, not a spiritual leader. I don't pretend to understand why the spirits do what they do. I've asked the Nechisti Council to give you an audience, but I'm afraid they consider the matter closed. They've asked me to express their sympathies for your loss. We have an agreement with Council. They don't involve themselves with government and we don't interfere in their spiritual matters. It's been that way for centuries and it's always worked well for us. I'll try. That particular shrine is where the monks go to receive the gift of purification, cleansing of the soul. It is one of our most holy places. They prepare themselves with a sacred ritual during which they speak directly with the Ancestral Spirits. After that they are able to enter the shrine safely. Captain, you seem to want explanations for everything. I don't have them. Only the brothers who've gone through the ritual know what happens there, and they're sworn to secrecy. All we know is that it is a naturally occurring phenomenon. If I could help you, I would. I swear it. I blame myself. If I'd watched more carefully, seen that she was approaching the shrine. There's nothing more to be done now. You have our sympathy. [Doctor's office] Well, you've certainly done your research, Captain. I'm familiar with the story. I heard it as a child. You're talking about a very specific case. Nevad was able to claim responsibility for the prince as a father and as a king. That's why the spirits were willing to listen to him. So she is. I must congratulate you, Captain. Your creative approach to this problem has fascinated the Nechisti Council. Eagerly. They consider it an honour that you want to seek the spirits. The ritual traditionally begins at sunset. A guide will meet you at the entrance to the sanctuary. I have been greatly troubled by your misfortune, Captain. If you are able to convince the spirits to spare your friend, no one would be happier than I. [Transporter room] EMH [on
Take whatever you need. I've seen enough. Kovin, there is sufficient evidence here to detain you pending official proceedings. Kovin, don't! Yes, but I'd like to join you. Kovin, listen to me. The proceedings must be resolved. Innocent or not, he's going to destroy your vessel. We must protect ourselves. Disable his ship. There's nothing more we could have done.
