Field notes, U.S.S. Raven, Stardate 32611.4. It's about time. The Federation Council on Exobiology has given us final approval. Starfleet's still concerned about security issues but they've agreed not to stand in our way. We've said our goodbyes, and we're ready to start chasing our theories about the Borg. [Annika's room] Ah, ah, ah, put down the cube, Muffin. It's not a toy. Come here, Daddy wants to talk to you. Now, remember when I said that you, me and Mommy were going on a very long voyage? Well, we're leaving tomorrow and we won't see Earth for quite a while. If we're lucky. Nobody knows. We'll be the first humans to study them up close. We're not sure exactly, but we think they might look a lot like us, but with technology inside their bodies. Well, they're different. They don't talk like us, or even think like us, but we're hoping to make friends one day. We have to keep moving. If we take the replicators offline and run environmental systems at half power, we can go another twenty light years before refuelling. That's ten days we can't afford to lose. We're getting close. If we stop now, we might as well just turn around and go home. Come here. Why can't Annika sleep? The greatest scientific mystery of our time. Hmm. Sounds plausible.  (Beep, beep.) Subspace disruptions, field magnitude two point nine teracochranes and rising. Annika, bed. Artificial source probability point nine eight. (to Annika) Now. It's got to be a transwarp conduit. Nothing else could generate these readings. I'm taking us closer. I've got a visual. This could prove our theory. They ignore any lifeform until they consider it a threat, or a target. They're moving off. Just some bio-electric interference. Stand by. Is that better?  He took a real beating when that plasma conduit blew out. He's regenerating. Wait a minute, something's happening. Bill and Needle Fingers just arrived. This is odd. They're making repairs to Junior. [USS Raven - Bridge] Looks like we were wrong. [Borg Cube] Maybe he was too badly damaged. They're dismantling him. They must be salvaging the components. [USS Raven - Bridge] I've got another minute or so. Stand by. [Borg Cube]  We may not get another chance to observe this behaviour. [Medical lab] Take a look at his proximity transceiver. Let's check his previous designation. I want to keep an eye on this one. Let's tag him. Bring me the subdermal probe, will you? Very special. We think he used to work near the Borg Queen. If he ever goes back there, we'll be able to track him now. Nobody knows. His regeneration cycle's almost complete. We'd better get him back. You two go ahead. I want to read through his cranial transceiver logs, see if he was ever in direct contact with the Queen. Class? The particle density's too high. Our hull would breach. We'll find somewhere else to hide. The nebula's too dangerous. [USS Raven - Bridge]  We've had close calls before. This is no different. Remember when the transporters failed? Time to intercept? Be right there, Annika. Start looking for an M-class planet. We'll abandon ship if we have to. [Annika's room]  Hey. Not if I can help it. Go back to sleep, your mother and I have work to do. No. They're curious about us, like we are about them. But don't worry, we won't let them get too close. Soon. Sleep. [Delta Flyer]
