This is a lawful demonstration. We're sorry to involve you in this. Pe'Nar Makull. My colleague, Ny Terla. What were you doing there? My friend thinks you were sent by the government to infiltrate us. When was the last time you were in a power plant? You weren't in that plant yesterday? We know you're not telling the truth. We have safety monitors to measure polaric energy. When you were brought here, they registered five times the normal readings. Unusual name. What part of Kalto province was that again? There is a point, a very important one. It has to do with our schedule, and whether we can keep it or not. Can we? Do they know our plan? Is he yours? Really? Just put him over there with the other. None of us have seen devices like these before. Terla believes they're spy equipment. But then one of them might be a weapon, and I wouldn't want you to show me how that works, would I? I realise how this must appear to you but I'm just a patriot. I sincerely believe polaric energy has the potential to destroy this entire world. We have more support since the accident at Markov. We know the companies are afraid of us. We know they've increased security at all their plants, but it will not be enough to stop us. We can't wait another week, we have to move up the schedule. We know they're not telling us the truth. We have to assume the government sent them. Tell everyone we begin at four hundred tomorrow. Do you have something to tell me, Janeway? If that's your real name. And somehow you are able to come back here to warn us? Interstellar ships, fractures in time, do you honestly expect us to believe all this?  [Ruined room] Get the particle injector. (Terla opens a safe and takes out a hand-sized device.) Bring them with us. The boy, too. I have an idea how they can help. (Terla puts the comm. badges on the table and they all leave. The wormhole opens.) Think before you say no. Terla has a weapon trained on the boy. If shooting begins he'll be the first victim. (The aggressive guard comes out to meet them.) She's a government representative on official business. (Janeway steps up to the guard.) Their lives are on your conscience, Janeway! What exactly do you think we are planning to do here? We're not stupid enough to blow up anything here. Nothing is going to go wrong unless you fire that weapon near a polaric conduit. For everyone's safety, I suggest you put it down. Twenty three? What's the importance of twenty three? Oh, this is all about the alleged time of our self-annihilation. All right, let's just see if we can all get through the next (A wormhole starts to open up behind Janeway.) My god, it's going to intersect with the conduit wall!
