Hello, Harry. Ready to get your ears wet? Oh, why not? I'm sure we can do better than that. You're welcome. (to Kim) There's a volleyball game starting down in the sand. All right. I tried a reverse curl this morning. I think I pulled a tendon. Feel that. (She puts Kim's hand on her right calf.) Are you two friends? So Vulcans don't hydrosail, and they don't have friends? Hmm. (to Kim) You and I are friends, aren't we? Good. There's a luau tonight. You're coming, aren't you? Both of you? You've got to stop doing that. Why? Please. (Tuvok places a piece, and part of the structure transforms.) How beautiful. I understand, but it's still beautiful. Did you learn to play on Vulcan? I thought you might enjoy having an opponent. Playing alone must get a little predictable sometimes. Yes, I am. Extremely so. You're the only one here not wearing a garland. I don't believe you. I think you're tying to isolate yourself and make a public protest at the same time. You didn't want to be here in the first place. Being the only one without a lei sets you apart from the others, allowing you to symbolically maintain your solitude. And since everybody can see that you're the only one without a lei, you're letting them know that you'd rather be somewhere else. I like the excitement of the water, the danger of being tossed around by the wind and the waves. But at the same time, feeling like I'm in control. That's exactly right, because no one can control the wind and the waves. But for a few moments when you're on the water, and the ride is perfect, the feeling is that you can. You ever feel that? Never? Don't you have an imagination? All right, imagine this, that you with your logic and your reason, are skimming atop endless waves of emotion. You believe you're in control, but you know that control is an illusion. You believe that you understand the depths beneath you, but that, too, is an illusion. I can see why Harry admires and respects you, because it's obvious that he does. And so do I. Please stay. I've never met anyone like you. Then stay. Then come back tomorrow. I'm sure the weather will hold. Please. Good night, Tuvok. Hello, Harry. Harry, I didn't intend to harm you, and I didn't do anything wrong. Tuvok! Harry! Please. Stop arguing. Tuvok, what are you (Marayna vanishes.)  Your move. (Marayna is wearing a Starfleet uniform and mobile emitter.) I think you'll find my game has improved. Simple. I transferred myself from the holodeck to the sickbay, then used your physician's mobile emitter. But you only did that for Harry's benefit. I know you wanted to keep seeing me. I like Harry, but you're different. You're not like anyone else. You're like a new world to me, Tuvok. I want to know everything about you. I didn't realise how lonely my existence was, and I can't go back to the way things were, not without you. No! Why did you do that? Don't you want us to be together? But you're wrong. I would never do anything to harm you. Make it stop! (The alarm stops.) And I'll use them all if I have to. You can't just delete me! (Two security guards enter, and she vanishes. The mobile emitter drops to the deck.) [Briefing room] Tuvok, come back to me. I'm waiting for you. Don't make this more difficult than it already is, Captain. You're giving me no other choice but to force the issue. Tuvok. I want Tuvok. Let him come to the holodeck alone, or I'll destroy your ship. [Holodeck – Paxau resort]  Tuvok, you're back. We're alone now. No one can see us or hear us. We can do whatever we want. You don't have to pretend anymore. This is our world.  I understand your sense of duty, of loyalty to your captain, but we have something stronger, a connection that goes beyond duty and loyalty. I know you want to be with me, Tuvok. I won't. There's nothing she can do. You're staying here with me. She'll just have to accept that.  Stop! (Tuvok is beamed away.) [Bridge] Your ship is helpless. If I ignite one more strand, the hull will fail. My nebula. You're too late. I've already set the ignition sequence. Only I can stop it. Yes. It's my work. I keep the plasma fires from chain-reacting. That's correct. I generate it from here to preserve the nebula so that others from my home planet may enjoy its beauty. I watch the ships when they pass by. They don't even know I'm here. By choice. I prefer to be here, alone. To amuse myself. I have done it before. Tapped into the computer of a passing alien vessel, examined all the little details of their lives. But I never expected to find something as diverting as your holodeck. I never expected to find you. You are like nothing else I've ever encountered. And I can't be without you. Stay here with me, and I will let your ship resume course. No! That's not enough. You have to want to be with me. But you are more like me than you are like them. I've seen the way you isolate yourself. Even in a crowd of people, you're alone. We should be together. You may go. Your communicator will function now. Logically, that would be the best thing to do. Perhaps I will. But what about you, Tuvok? Will you always be alone? (Tuvok looks at her as he is beamed away.) Security chief's log, stardate 50471.3. The remaining damage to the ship was easily repaired, and we soon left Marayna's nebula behind. Voyager is back on course, and I have resumed my normal routine. [Holodeck – Paxau resort] (Tuvok is playing kal-toh in his quarters, when he puts down a rod, turns of its projector base, picks it up and leaves.)
