But that Tom Paris is an odd one. Coming and going through town as if he built the place. Oh, he's a shifty one. And for that matter, so are his friends. Well, you know what they say, Sullivan. Birds of a feather. Ah, you won't find it on any map. Not any more. The cows stopped giving milk. The potatoes grew rotten in the ground. (The Irish Famine, which drove so many people to emigrate, lasted from 1845 to 1852.) They were taken to the Other World. Well, if you ask me MAN: Shush. Well, what if you're right? What if this Tom Paris is some kind of demon? If we're caught, he'll cast a spell on us. Maybe we're going about this the wrong way. We should go down to Saint Mary's and tell Father Mulligan the whole story. Och, if you fill his collection box, he'll listen to anything. Holy mother of God!(Paris is laughing.)KIM: Tom! Don't you have anything better to do? This was Maggie O'Halloran. The spirits have turned her into a cow. Oh, it was unholy magic, I tell you. We saw it with our own eyes. Oh, all right, Father. Excuse us, Maggie. You're right, that does sound odd. No. Er, did anything out of the ordinary happen? Anything at all? Can we get a quick one?  So, I said to young Harry, I'm not one for rainy days and grey skies. As soon as the words were out of my mouth, he called up the spirits to do his bidding. A second later, there wasn't a cloud in the sky. Well? Speak up. He's one of them, right enough. Father Mulligan, Tommy boy, Katie and the rest. They're spirit folk! What do you suggest, we sit them down and discuss it over tea? [Sullivan's - after hours] You'd be surprised how many things a bullet will stop. Maybe you'd still like us to be acting civilised. Where did that get you before? A ticket to the Other World, that's what. And don't forget about the ash berries. Yes, what is next, Seamus? The only mistake we made was letting you into Fair Haven. What's that? A voice from the Other World. What do you make of this, Seamus? I think we've heard enough of your lies, Tommy boy. I say we tie them up to the lamp post in the square and show them how spirit folk were dealt with in the olden days. You'd better watch whose side you're on. You're not above suspicion yourself. Not after your little vanishing act. It seems Grace Declan saw you disappear into thin air on Sunday. Look here, Seamus. Another talisman. (The mobile emitter.)SEAMUS: Quick, get it off of him. [Bridge] You'd like us to believe that, wouldn't you. It doesn't matter. They won't be telling us the truth about any of it. Voyager? What is your true name? What are you doing, Sullivan? Stay back. That might not be Michael Sullivan. A demon could have taken his shape. Peacefully? I'm sure that's what you told the people of Killmannin.  You may be from the moon, Tommy boy, but I've got three shillings that says I can still whip you at rings.
