Thirty thousand three hundred forty two point four to be exact. What are you prepared to trade? On the contrary, Captain. Bolomite is used in omega radiation therapy. The orphans on Narva The settlers on the Narva colony were exposed to toxic levels of omega radiation. The entire adult population was killed. Captain, I must point out that dilithium is worth nearly twice as much as bolomite. Before we leave, would it be possible to tour your facility? It's our duty as Starfleet officers Live long and prosper. [Dala's ship] (An ugly, boxy thing. Part of the interior is like Voyager's bridge, mostly the Captain's chair. There is I find it aesthetically pleasing. I was portraying my character as truthfully as possible. Indeed. Our sect is a solitary one. We dampen our life signs to protect the privacy of our meditations. Olat mal pri, mal pral, mal prolat. Olate kal mi, kal mal, kal molat. Yes. A blight infected our hydroponic pods. The crop was destroyed. We bestow charity on others. The deities forbid us from accepting it ourselves. May the deities bless you. [Engineering] Sister Dala. It's late. We must return to the sanctuary. Certainly. (He holds out his gizmo. Neelix and Paris are obliged to close their eyes and lower their heads in prayer.)MOBAR: May the deities bless these travellers. Tala ot val. Tala ot relina. Sen tala. Sen relina. Val golina. Su ketran. Tala otval. Tala ot relina. [Engineering] The primary goal of the Federation is exploration. Military objectives are In order to be considered, a candidate must make formal application. An extensive review is conducted by a committee composed of Evidently, the Federation Council decided that You will have to submit a formal report to Starfleet. I can't. Perhaps we should surrender to them. The Federation has an extremely humane policy regarding the treatment of prisoners (Their looks shut him up.)  It's not right to abandon her. She's our captain. Without Captain Janeway it will be difficult to continue our activities. There must be a logical way There's a vessel approaching. It's the Delta Flyer. They're hailing. It's Captain Janeway. I'm pleased to see you, Captain. [Delta Flyer]  Captain on the bridge. I'm picking up lifesigns on the Delta Flyer. They're hailing. He's charging weapons. How many transport enhancers do you recommend, Captain? As Chief of Security, I would never How could you bring yourself to deceive your fellow officers? Captain? (Dala runs into a side tunnel.) Commander Tuvok? Logic would indicate that neither of us has the advantage.
