I am Crell Moset, Chief Exobiology specialist Cardassia Prime certified to perform all surgical procedures. My friends call me Crell. And you, good man. What's your name? Interesting. Ah-ha. May I presume? So, Doc, how can an old surgeon like me help a technological marvel such as yourself? Non-humanoid exobiology happens to be one of my specialties. Programme? Interesting. I'd like to see the patient right away. It's a pleasure. Hmm. I can see why you're having difficulty. My guess would be a cytoplasmic lifeform. She's Klingon. No, the cranial ridges are less pronounced. Klingon-human hybrid. I'm afraid this one is going to require more than a visual assessment. You have an isomolecular scanner? No wonder you're having problems making an accurate diagnosis.[Doctor's office]MOSET: I suggested an upgrade to the Starfleet people at a joint medical conference, but they assumed I was just an arrogant Cardassian trying to prove his superiority. Or maybe they thought I was a spy. Well, someone from Starfleet appreciates me. [Briefing room]  What do we know so far? Which can be interpreted in several ways. I find it odd that a species would evolve an attack mechanism that would leave it so vulnerable. Why not do it's damage and retreat? Yes, I think so, but not any ordinary variety. It's unlikely it could sustain itself like this over the long term. So the patient's heart, lungs, kidneys, they're all augmenting the alien's damaged system. But if it needs her to survive, it's not about to let go without a fight. We do work well together. I just wish we had access to my laboratory. It has all the instrumentation we would need. Well, we'll just have to improvise. Oh, down to the smallest detail. It's more of a home to me than my No. Actually, I was on Bajor at the time, during the Occupation. A sad chapter in Cardassian history. We had no business being there, but try telling that to the politicians. When I think of the resources that were squandered, the lives that were lost. In retrospect, I don't know how. The military had everything they needed but the civilian hospitals? No staff, the crudest equipment. Yes! I didn't have the resources to try traditional methods, so I experimented with procedures that, that never would have occurred to me under ordinary circumstances. The discovery of the cure was almost accidental, really. No. Awards aren't important, Doc. It's the work that matters. I'm sure you've made your share of breakthroughs. Why don't you show me your patient records? At least I'll know about your accomplishments. Everything seems to be in order. Shall we get to work? Hand me that cortical stimulator, will you? Yes, thank you. Captain's log, supplemental. While the Doctor seems to be making progress, Commander Chakotay and I have hit a wall in our attempt to decipher the alien message. [Ready room] I'd like that. I think we're ready for a look inside. Scalpel? I often find the simplest tool is the most effective. All of our elaborate scanners and laser scalpels, they remove us from our subjects. Actually feeling the anatomy, the consistency of the internal organs. It can be very instructive. Why don't you do the honours? Make Doctor, it's a hologram. Keep going. (Moset pulls the tissue apart.)MOSET: Extraordinary. Look at that series of nodes. Multiple neocortices, I'd say. Yes, but also presenting us with a point of attack. If we induce a neurostatic shock in one of these nodes, I believe it will travel to the others. The creature will lose motor function and we'll be able to remove it. Probably. So would I, in an ideal situation. But we have to set priorities which, in this case, is your crew mate. Or he could be a psychotic criminal. The point is, we don't know, and we have choices to make. This is such poor timing. Hello again. Yes. Do I know you? No. No, he's. There must be some misunderstanding. I'm upsetting him. I should go.  Ah, there you are. I'm almost ready to perform the surgery. Because of that Bajoran? That's absurd. And even if it were true, I'm only a hologram, and I have no memory of those events. They're not part of my programming. What do you suggest we do about it? Delete me? What about our patient? No offence but, you need me. You're a physician. You know there's always a price to pay for the advancement of medical science. Your word, not mine. I cured the Fostossa virus, didn't I? So these experiments you say I conducted obviously helped me devise a treatment. Imagine how many lives would have been lost if I hadn't eliminated this disease. As I explained to you, during the Occupation I was forced to improvise. I used what resources I had. Ethics are arbitrary. How do you suppose your own database was developed? Hmm? My God, half the medical knowledge acquired on Earth came through experiments on lower animals. It's convenient to draw a line between higher and lower species, isn't it? What difference does it make how long ago the research occurred? What matters is that we can use it to help patients today. Now, are you going to delete my programme and all of the research it contains, or are we going to use it to save B'Elanna's life? [Chakotay's office] Don't lose your nerve, Doctor. Not when we're this close. If I do that the creature will regain control. Doctor. You realise you're reducing our chances of saving her? Not particularly efficient, but it might prove interesting. [Bridge]  The procedure's working. It's losing motor control. The tendrils are withdrawing from her lungs, liver, kidneys. The alien's life signs are failing. Could we restore its own metabolism? All right, increasing the dosage to sixty milligrams. [Bridge] Anaphylaxia is subsiding. We did it. A celebration is in order. How about listening to that opera you promised me? Oh, you're er, still wrestling with your ethical subroutines. Take my advice. It's a waste of time. What's important is that we saved two lives today. Personally, I predict a long and fruitful collaboration between us. Think about what we accomplished in the last twenty four hours. Our first case was a triumph. Both patients are thriving, and we advanced the frontiers of medical science. I've already outlined a paper that you and I will one day present to the Federation Medical Academy. Total Systemic Invasion of a Klingon-Human Hybrid by a Cytoplasmic Pseudoparasite. Has a nice ring to it, don't you think? Those techniques were crucial this morning. Where was your sarcasm then? In good conscience? What about the well-being of your crew? You're confronted by new forms of life every day, many of them dangerous. You need me. Delete my programme and you violate the first oath you took as a physician. Do no harm. You can erase my programme, Doctor, but you can never change the fact that you've already used some of my research. Where was your conscience when B'Elanna was dying on that table? Ethics? Morality? Conscience? Funny how they all go out the airlock when we need something. Are you and I really so different?
