If you'll let me finish, Mister Janeway. With the exception of Mister Janeway here. We're trying to give Portage Creek a future. Can't you see that? I'm afraid that's more than a rumour. If we can't work out an arrangement in Portage Creek, we'll have no choice but to select another location. No comment. Thank you for your time. Next stop, Mars. I used to be in media relations with NASA. As I recall, your class came up with that slogan. Do you mind? It's a shame you didn't make the cut. Do you still keep in touch with any of the others? I do. In fact, I made a few calls last night. Remember Lieutenant McMillan? Co-pilot on the joint mission with the Europeans scheduled for 03. Four months on the space station. She got over it. Sorry to hear about your last job. All this downsizing in aerospace. Engineers aren't given the respect they deserve. I made a few calls. You don't have to live like this. Borrowing money, sleeping in your car. Actually, I do. We run a history on all our candidates. We know you've been working closely with Henry Janeway. He'll listen to you. If you can. We'd give you a job. Make you a consulting engineer on the project. You certainly have the credentials. Well? Think quickly. We can't wait another thousand years. [Shannon's dream] HOUSTON I don't suppose there's any chance he'll change his mind? Then it looks like we'll have to scrub the launch, at least where Portage Creek is concerned. It's a shame how one ignorant man can stand in the way of progress. Henry's a very likable guy, but he's playing for the wrong team. He's looking back. This town needs people who look towards the future. Wait a minute. I'm not about to turn a fellow explorer out into the cold. If we didn't think you had something to add to this project, we never would have made the offer in the first place. Henry Janeway's pigheadedness doesn't change that. We could still use your help, just See you in Ohio? I personally don't regret a single day I've spent in this lovely town, and I want to thank you all for your encouragement and support. I'm afraid that's not possible. We'd like to express our deepest regrets to the town of Portage Creek and on behalf of. Excuse me. Let her through. (Shannon is allowed through the police cordon.) [Alexandria Books]
