 Deputy investigator Naroq, Kesat security. Captain Janeway, Commander Chakotay, Ambassador Neelix. I familiarised myself with the facts on the way here. I believe I can. Based on the information you provided, it is my opinion that he was a victim of the Ba'Neth. I'm not surprised. In my language, their name means shadow people. They're a species obsessed with concealing their identity. Extremely paranoid and xenophobic. It's my belief they've been responsible for several unexplained attacks similar to this one. Because my government's official position is that the Ba'Neth do not exist. Most people think they're a myth. Because there've been so few encounters with the Ba'Neth and, well, no one's ever actually seen one. Before this incident? Twelve. You're lucky I gave my supervisor two bottles of Kesatian ale to get this assignment. Any other inspector would have simply attributed Commander Tuvok's injuries to unexplained phenomenon. This incident fits the pattern, Captain. All of the alleged encounters have occurred aboard vessels foreign to this sector. I believe they've been attempts by the Ba'Neth to assess the technology of new arrivals. And Commander Tuvok suffered severe neural damage. That's also consistent with previous attacks. The Ba'Neth were making sure he would not tell anyone what he saw. He found a cloaking frequency? Captain, I don't blame you for finding my theories a bit eccentric. I'm used to it. It's why I'm still a deputy investigator, but I've brought equipment to help your investigation. Let me examine Commander Tuvok and run scans on the vessel where he was attacked. I may finally be able to prove my theories. If we work together, maybe we can do both. [Sickbay] But he still has brain activity, which is more than I can say for any of the previous victims. If you could only tell us what you saw, Mister Tuvok. That, Captain, is an understatement. Listen. (Naroq's device beeps faster as he approaches the bulkhead that wibbled.) The sound of history being made. The sound you're hearing indicates the presence of veridium isotopes. Yes, but only after they've decayed. You see, veridium has a very brief half-life, less than seventy hours. The previous sites I've studied have been months, sometimes years old. So you see, Captain, why this is an historic moment? We may finally learn what the Ba'Neth look like. You don't know how long I've waited to meet you. This is the clearest image ever captured. What are you doing? You might disrupt the image entirely. Tentacles. I always suspected they were multipeds! The technology only works at close range. We have to find the ship before we can expose it. We still need that cloaking frequency.  We need Tuvok to tell us anything he can remember about the attack. He attacked you. Before the intruder injured you, you managed to scan him with this. You recorded his cloaking frequency, but the tricorder was damaged and the information was lost. Can you tell us anything about that frequency? Try! But, Captain. Paranoid, just as I predicted. You know about me? Wait. It was my photolytic converter that allowed Voyager to decloak you. If you give Captain Janeway what she wants, I'll give you the converter. You can use it to adapt your technology so ours can no longer expose you.
