Astonishing! You Federations are obviously an advanced culture. Neelix. Good to meet you! (Neelix gives Tuvok a bear hug.) Interesting. What, what exactly, what exactly does all this, all this do? A what?  [Ocampa hospital] (Torres wakes with a start.) Ah, Mister Vulcan. Come in, come in, please. I can hardly see you. (Neelix is taking a bath. Tuvok does not look at him.) I want to thank you for your hospitality. I must admit, I haven't had access to a food rebel er, er, replicator before. And to immerse myself in water. Oh, do you know what joy this is? No one around here wastes water in this manner. Good sand scrub, that's the best that we can hope for. Oh! Could you hand me the, er, towel? (The towel stops us seeing Neelix as he stands up.) If you will scan the large southern continent you'll find a range of extinct volcanoes. Follow the foothills north until you discover a dry riverbed. You'll find an encampment there. It's not impossible. Maybe. Perhaps not. But we'll find them. We'll need several containers of water to bring for barter. Do these, er, replicators make clothing as well? Will it make me a uniform like yours? The rich cormaline deposits are very much in demand. Not the Ocampa, the Kazon-Ogla. They are. Kazon sects control this part of the quadrant. Some have food, some have ore, some have water. They all trade and they all kill each other for it. My friends, it's good to see you again! (A group of Kazon pick up Neelix and carry him to the middle of the settlement. Others take the away team's weapons.) I must speak with your Maje, the ever-wise Jabin! (Neelix is put against a wall and weapons are aimed at him.) Very amusing. Very amusing. I, I enjoy a joke as much as the next man. Jabin! My old friend! Water. Water, Jabin. I have water to replace all that I borrowed. Show them, Mister Paris. Their ship has technology that makes water out of thin air! (Jabin takes a bottle from Paris and drinks.) Maybe she can help these good people find a way down. Then she's worthless to you. Let us trade you water for this scrawny little thing. Tell them to drop their weapons. Drop them, my friends, or he dies in an instant. Step aside. (Neelix aims his weapon at the tanks and fires holes in them. The Kazon rush to save as much water as they can.) Come on! (The girl runs out to his arms.) I strongly suggest you get us out of here. Irrational? We got out of there, didn't we? No, no, it's a wonderful quality. Your most endearing. Kes can tell you where to go. But now that she's free, we're leaving this system together. I rescued you. You're not thinking of going back there? Well, if a fool needs company. Take care of them, dearest. I'll see you later. There they are. Ah, Captain! We were just coming to see you. Well, you see, that's what we wanted to discuss. We'd like to go with you. We'd be valuable colleagues. Whatever you need is what I have to offer. You need a guide? I'm your guide. You need supplies? I know where to procure them. I have friends among races you don't even know exist. You need a cook? Oh, you haven't lived until you've tasted my angla'bosque. It will be my job to anticipate your needs before you know you have them. And I anticipate your first need will be me.
Sorry we're late, but I wasn't informed there was a meeting this morning. Oh, there don't seem to be enough chairs. I see. Well, I, I am the senior Talaxian on board. Kes is the senior Ocampa. And I do know more about this region of space than any other member of the crew. I can do some wonderful things with vegetables, Captain. My feragoit goulash is known across twelve star systems. What about that electronic man down in Sickbay? No, nothing I recognise. But then it's, it's so hard to make out. A singularity is a star that's collapsed in on itself. The event horizon is a very powerful energy field surrounding it. Why, er, once on a particularly dangerous trade mission to the twin stars of Keloda, I myself was almost trapped inside Captain, we're less than three light years from Ilidaria. They have sophisticated technology. They might be able to help and they're quite friendly, most of the time.
Familiar? Not exactly familiar. Considerably less than familiar, actually. Kes, what are you doing here? Know? Know what? What do you mean, you saw it? How could you see it? What did you see? You felt the shockwave in your sleep. It's just your imagination, a strange coincidence. What else could it be? Telepathy is a message, words, a voice. What you're describing, why, its almost like the visions of Drakian forest dwellers. A tribe with para-normal abilities. They can walk into an empty room No one believes those stories. What? Is something wrong? We came aboard at mid-expedition. Just us. She's not on board. She's missing on the surface of a planet. But you haven't told us anything about her condition. Ah, Commander. Will you be going back to the planet surface? That's what I told her. Familiar. Not exactly familiar. Considerably less than familiar, actually. (Kes enters.) Kes, what are you doing here? Know? Know what? You had a bad dream. Of course. A most enlightened philosophy. Come on, Kes.
Hope you enjoy it. Captain, you caught me by surprise. Well, I know how you and the other senior officers have been, excuse me, disappointed with the rations lately, so I thought I'd use a few of the vegetables from the hydroponics bay and whip up a little breakfast. It wasn't easy. I had to completely re-route the mess hall power conduits and scrounge a lot of supplies from all over the ship, but that's my specialty, making something out of nothing. I know it doesn't look like much now, but in a few days you'll swear there'd been a galley here for years. Be careful, that one is a little spicy. Ah, well, no one. Your? Your dining room? Oh! Then I guess that you'll be wanting me to move all of this stuff out of your way. Ensign Parsons, would you mind keeping an eye on things until I get back and er, rotate the darvot fritters every ten minutes until they turn a deep chartreuse. And remember one, one to a customer. [Bridge]  Just as I said. I bet there are a few Yallitaian engineers who'd give all three of their spinal columns to know where this planet is. With you. I've been studying my tricorder operations manual. Lieutenant Torres has brought me up to date on dilithium geophysics. I've been preparing for this mission all week. I think you'll find me extremely helpful, Commander. I remember the first time I flew past this planet, it was about three years ago I think I've found something. A large cavern approximately twenty metres from my position. I'm reading a huge dilithium formation there. Not so much as a sliver of dilithium, and yet according to my readings I should be surrounded by it. Wait a minute. I'm getting unusual readings from this rock face. Traces of organic energy. Looks like a bio-electrical signature. I think there's something alive down here. It's about two metres into this rock face. Just one minute, Commander. (The rock face behind Neelix transforms into a tunnel. A figure sees Neelix and hides. Neelix turns and sees the constructed tunnel.) Hello? Is there someone there? Hello? I know there's somebody. (The somebody zaps Neelix with an energy weapon.) [Tunnel 3] How long can I live like this? When do I get out of this restraint? Indefinitely? You mean I could be in here the rest of my life. Well, if I'm going to be in here a while, now's as good a time as any to tell you. Your ceiling is hideous. Something with a bit of colour would help. Maybe a nice tapestry or a painting. Could you dim the lights a little? And some music would be nice. Or better yet, are you programmed to sing? Oh, fine. I have a little accident, I lose a pair of lungs, and the next thing I know Paris is swooping in like a Rectillian vulture. Didn't you hear the way that he said that? I'll be on the bridge if you need me. If you need me. Why doesn't he just pull the plug on the holographic emitter and get it over with. Get me out of the way so he can have you all to himself. Ah, so it's Tom now, is it? It's not you I'm worried about. It's him. He's just one big hormone walking around the ship. Don't you see the way that he looks at you? Kes, I could be in here a very long time. You need to go on with your life. Don't worry about me. You should just let me die. I'll try to contain my disappointment. [Bridge] Doctor? Doctor, I require your assistance. Please, it's urgent. I have an itch Just above my left eyebrow. (The EMH sighs, and scratches it.) A little higher. Ah. Thank you. Doctor, wait, don't leave. I can't see you over there. I feel like I'm all alone. That's very amusing, Doctor. But, I'm really starting to feel a little trapped in here. A little claustrophobic, maybe. I'm not sure what to do. I'm going to lie here for the rest of my life, aren't I? Just staring up at the ceiling. I'm not sure I can take that. I really need to get out of this restraint. Doctor, I want you to let me out of this thing right now. I'm the patient, I know what my rights are. I want to be released from this restraint immediately. Immediately! Don't tell me to calm down! You're not the one trapped in a restraining field with holo, holo-lungs. I don't think they're working. I can't, can't get enough oxygen. There's something wrong. I can't. I'm dying. Let me out of here. Help me. Help me. (The EMH hypos Neelix into unconsciousness.) [Bridge] No, absolutely not. It's too dangerous. Let someone else do it. All right. You mean I can keep my kitchen? Thank you, Captain. And Captain? I'll see you at breakfast. Captain's log, supplemental. The aliens have successfully transplanted one of Kes' lungs into Neelix. The dampening field has been deactivated, and I have allowed them to beam back to their vessel. We are resuming a course home. [Sickbay] (Neelix and Kes are in blue sickbay gowns on biobeds. Kes wakes up first.)
This yellow alert business. [Mess Hall]
You sent for me, Captain. Be prepared to be intercepted by Numiri patrols. They always try to intimidate travellers to the Banean planet. I understand. To be honest, whenever I saw the Numiri coming, I always left before the intimidation began. (laughs) However, I know from knowledgeable sources that they have directed energy weapons comparable to your own. Our own, that is. Plus regenerative shields that may even give them a certain advantage over us in a firefight. The Numiri and the Banea are quite different from one another, even though they once coexisted on the same planet. That's why I recommended the Banea to you in the first place. The Numiri have a remarkably covert society. A standard patrol vessel. Curious. I would've expected them to send out more than one tiny patrol to meet a ship like this. Very, very curious. In Numiri terms, that greeting was downright friendly. That is a standard tactic for the Numiri when they intend to board your vessel. Well, at least now you know I was telling the truth about them, Captain. Although I take no pleasure in being right, mind you. The Numiri have never needed an excuse to attack anyone. Captain. More Numiri will be coming, I promise you. A, a what? What, what did he say? A mind what? [Sickbay]
Captain, I'm serving lunch in less that two hours. Ah! Ooo. Sikaris! Only stories about their incredible hospitality. And I hear the Sikarians have a huge variety of edible plants. If we could collect some seeds, we'd expand our selection significantly.
Neelix to Chakotay! I'd like to report a crime. Someone has broken into my kitchen and stolen food, taken food out of the mouths of their crew mates. It was that Seska, wasn't it? If you'd like my recommendations for punishment, I
Neelix to Bridge. Captain, I can't be sure but [Sickbay]
Nonsense. Everyone aboard this ship deserves a little taste of home every now and then. Don't thank me, I'm having a marvellous time experimenting with the native dishes of the entire crew. So far I've learned to make corn salad for Mister Chakotay, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for Mister Paris. He calls it comfort food. Isn't that charming? What are you waiting for, it's no good cold. (Tuvok takes a sip.) Well? It is zesty, isn't it. I tried following the recipe in the computer's databank but it seemed so bland, so I took the liberty of spicing it up a bit. Call it plomeek soup a la Neelix. But your soup? Ah, there's no place like home. [Bridge]
Safety? Oh, I don't know. It sounds cowardly. All right. Safety. (Neelix sends the cue ball round two bumpers without touching another ball. That'd be a foul stroke in snooker.) Ah ha ha! Mister Vulcan, let's see you reason your way out of this conundrum. This safety business is a lot more satisfying than I imagined. I've left him with an impossible shot. Go ahead then. Call your shot. You should have called a safety. Me? That's a Haarkonian shuttle. My people were at war with them for the better part of a decade. They conquered my homeworld more than fifteen years ago. None at all. I'm Neelix. What do you want? Who are you? Doctor Jetrel was the scientist who conceived the Metreon Cascade, then he led the team of scientists who built it. In the blink of an eye Rinax was enveloped by a deadly cloud, and those lovely days were turned into one endless frigid night. More than three hundred thousand were killed. I had the good fortune to be on Talax at the time with our defence forces, preparing for an invasion that never came. It wasn't necessary. The day after the Cascade was deployed, Talax surrendered unconditionally to the Haarkonian Order. Maybe this is one experience that can't be shared. It's too hard to describe how I feel to someone who didn't see what I saw. I'm sorry. Captain! Back from your doctor's appointment already? Nothing you tell me can make this day more disturbing than it's already been. Er, Captain, please tell Doctor Jetrel that I am touched by his tender concern for my state of health, but that I'd rather be immersed in a pit of Kraylinnian eels than examined by him. I don't want that man within ten parsecs of me! Don't either of you find it the slightest bit strange that a man who has made it his life's work to develop a weapon to destroy as many Talaxians as possible should suddenly be concerned with this Talaxian's health. If the disease is fatal, what's the point of knowing whether I have it or not? Peace of mind is a relative thing, Captain. Outnumbered and outflanked. All right then, I surrender. [Briefing room] Why are you doing this? Is it all just scientific curiosity, Metreons and isotopes. Or do you feel guilty about what you did. Really? It was necessary to vaporise more than a quarter of a million people and to leave thousands of others to be eaten away by Metreon poisoning. Unfortunate? Did you hear that, Captain? It was unfortunate. That must be a very convenient distinction for you. Does it help you sleep at night? What is that supposed to mean? Don't worry about it, Captain, because Doctor Jetrel will have to find himself another laboratory rodent to help his experiments. Because I would rather die than help you ease your conscience. Are you sure you can't do this? Just get it over with. (Neelix lies on a biobed and Jetrel places a small device on his chest.) Did I ever tell you about the notorious two-tailed talchoks of Rinax? Nasty little vermin. Sharp claws, dripping fangs. Ugh. It was quite a nuisance. So one summer when I was a boy, I decided to do something about them. I spent weeks tinkering, creating a fool-proof talchok trap. Once I'd perfected it I set it in the garden. And the next day I found one of those beasts pinned at the neck. But it wasn't dead, it was squirming, squealing in agony. And suddenly it didn't look so fiendish any more. It looked like a poor innocent animal. You see, I had become so fascinated with my invention that I never really thought about how that poor creature would suffer. For now. And? Sorry? Why are you sorry? Come in. Kes, my sweet, I'll have you know this is not the first time I have gazed into the gaping maw of death. Why once, during the battle of the Pyrithian Gorge I faced down an entire battery of Haarkonian artillery. There I was, with only a small crevice for cover Well, there's one good thing that will come from all this. When I first met you I didn't know that your species lived only eight or nine years. I fell in love with you without knowing how lonely it would be to live without you after you're gone. Now that I'm going to die first, I don't have to worry about it. Is there anything besides science that makes your heart beat faster, Jetrel? You know what I've been thinking? If I'd been in charge of the Cascade I'd have, I don't know, chosen a military target, simply deployed it on an uninhabited planet. Somehow I don't think I'd have targeted innocent civilians. You should have tried to stop them! Why didn't you speak out? People would have listened to you. So you did it for science. Consequences? Who are you to talk about consequences. Your family was killed? That's a sad story, Jetrel, but let me tell you another one. A man goes back to Rinax after the Cascade. Back to what had been his home, to look for survivors. But the impact of the blast has set off hundreds of fires, and there's nothing there. Just smouldering ruins and the stench of seared flesh. But in the distance, in the middle of all that emptiness, from out of this huge cloud of billowing dust, he can see bodies moving, whimpering, coming toward him. They're monsters, their flesh horribly charred, the colour of shale. One of them comes toward him, mangled arms outstretched, and he can't help it, he turns away frightened. But then the thing speaks and he knows by the sound of her voice that she's not a monster at all, but a child. A little girl. Her name was Palaxia. We brought her back to Talax with the other survivors. Over the next few weeks I stayed at her bedside and watched her wither away. Those are consequences, Doctor Jetrel. Did you ever think that maybe your wife was right. That you have become a monster? I hope you have to live with that a very long time. And why is that? There's no open shot. I'm no coward. What are you doing, it's my turn! I did what I thought was right. No! I Who are you? Palaxia! You! You did this, butcher! (Neelix pushes his opponent onto the pool table, and looks into his own frightened face.) [Neelix's quarters] JANEWAY Here, Captain. Hard to believe that on clear nights you could look up from Talax and see the shimmering lights of the colony. The night of the Cascade, a bright flash cut across the sky. It was so blinding that people threw themselves to the ground. Then everything stopped, like a moment out of time. Then we all looked up to see where the flash had come from, but the sky seemed oddly empty. Took most of us a few seconds to realise it was because Rinax was gone. Of course, the moon was still there. We just couldn't see it because of that Metreon cloud. This brings back too many memories, Captain. If you'll excuse me. (Neelix leaves.) I wanted to be alone. No, you don't know! Not everything. You don't know where I was the night Rinax was destroyed. I was on Talax, but I wasn't fighting with the defence forces. I was hiding from them. I wasn't a hero at the battle of the Pyrithian Gorge. I've never even been there. I never reported for duty. I thought the war was unjust, that Talax was fighting for reasons that weren't worth killing for. Or at least, that's what I told myself. But the real reason I didn't report was because I was a coward. Now you know. During war time, the punishment for refusing military service was death. It makes me a liar! I've lied about it all these years, to you, to Jetrel, to everyone. Because I'm ashamed. Of course I am. He killed them all. My mother, my father, my little brothers. I don't know. You mean from looking at myself? You may be right, but I hate him. And I don't think I can stop hating him. Doctor Jetrel. I'm sorry, but I need to speak with you. What is that? You're engaging in some kind of bizarre experiment, aren't you? What is it this time? What do you call that? Scientific progress? I'm going to the Captain! (Jetrel grabs Neelix and hypos him.) [Bridge] Bring who back? Who, Doctor? Who is it you're going to bring back? He's out of his mind, Captain. Do we have to listen to this? Is that what you were doing with that thing in Sickbay? But, but, if the biomatter in the cloud is so random, so jumbled, how could you reconstruct something whole? What if he's right? Why didn't you just tell us the truth in the first place? Captain, if there's any chance he can do it, you've got to let him try. Please, Captain. It's incredible. Maybe the Cascade was a punishment for all of us, for our hatred, our brutality. There's something I need to tell you. I tried to tell you before, but I want to tell you that I forgive you. (Jetrel dies. Neelix leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I feel that my services as Morale Officer are required. Oh really? One, no cup of tea. Two, no PADD. Three, you're sitting on the opposite side from usual. All of that tells me you've got something on your mind. And what tells me that it's making you miserable is that cloud of doom that's rising from you like a ground fog. Ah, ha. Maquis trainees getting you down? What seems to be the problem? Come with me, I want to show you something. (Neelix takes Tuvok to a flower arrangement by the counter.) These are Keela flowers. Beautiful, and remarkably strong. The stem is flexible, impossible to break. But occasionally on the same plant there's a bloom whose stem is not so flexible. Ah, here's one. And when the stem is brittle, it breaks. No, Mister Vulcan, I'm saying that you are rigid and inflexible, but maybe if you'd learn to bend a little, you might have better luck with your class. Those Maquis aren't Starfleet cadets. You can't treat them the same way. Get to know them, try to find out what they're like inside. You might discover a better teaching method. Brill cheese. I made it from that schplict we brought on board last week. Ensign Ashmore asked for something called macaroni and cheese. Of course. Captain's log, stardate 48859.3. Lieutenant Tuvok has reported what may be a possible explanation for the infection in the bio-neural gel packs. I have asked Lieutenant Torres and her team to investigate Neelix's kitchen. [Mess hall kitchen] That's just a Laurelian pudding. It has to simmer for four hours. I feel awful about this. I assure you I had no idea. (The lights go out.)
Neelix to bridge. Is anyone there? Emergency! Help. I need help! I'm in the mess hall. There's a (Weapons fire.)
It's not that I feel that I'm not making contributions as chef and morale officer. Well, if you insist, but He misses his boys terribly. I wish I could do more for him. Yes? Oh, Captain. You always know how to touch one's heart. Thank you. When I signed on, I promised you that, I promised you that I would stand by your side through every danger this quadrant has to offer, as guide, as strategist, as explorer, as adventurer. I feel underutilised. I can swashbuckle with the best of them. No. Yes, sir. Ma'am. Captain. [Bridge] I believe you call them booby traps. For the Kazon, live ammunition is a very effective teaching tool. Don't worry, Captain. You can count on me to keep those nefarious Kazon at bay. What a most unusual offer. A Kazon-Ogla Maje allowing a trespasser to leave his space unharmed. What would the other Kazons say about this new merciful attitude of the Ogla? Would you? No, I don't think so. That would attract every rival Kazon sect to your secret training base, wouldn't it? Now, I know your ships, Maje. I even sold a few Plaxan sensors to the Ogla a few years back. I have no doubt that you read the same life signs on that moon that we have. Neither of us wants that, do we? Think of the cost of replacing all those weapons. Awfully hard to come by in this region. And it would make you so vulnerable to your enemies. At least we bought her some time. [Cave]
It must have been terrible for you. Pepper, sweeting. I'm sure Lieutenant Paris is a fine teacher. Oh! I almost forgot the Palliantyne peas. Ever so lightly spiced. [Bridge] Gentlemen. May I recommend the Alfarian hair pasta today? Not at all. It's actually made from the follicles of the mature Alfarian. We harvest the hair during shedding season in early fall. It's very high in protein. You subclass genus. Sitting with your backs to each other like two strangers waiting for a transport. Was that supposed to fool me? Liar. (Neelix throws Paris' meal all over him.) I'll kill you! Yes, Captain? Me and him? Frankly, yes, Captain. Nothing happened. Kes. We'll talk when I get back. When I get back.  Shuttle bay. [Sickbay] We lost communication with Voyager thirty seconds ago. You don't have to impress me with your technobabble. You're the commander of this mission. You can make any suggestion you want, and if you make it an order, I'll even have to obey it. I left my personal problems back on the ship. I can't speak for you. You get us down in one piece, and I'll take it from there. Ensign Baytart took me through the basics. Of course, I didn't have the benefit of your personal tutelage. Confirmed. (Whumph!) What does that mean? Deuterium flow sealed. Can you regain control? I said in one piece. Everything seems to be working. I'm itching. If we've got atmospheric leakage, how can we fly out of here? We're not even sure they're looking for us yet. We don't know if the EMS pulse got through. I say we stay right here. You're the one who wants to go out into those vapours. Staying here is our best chance of being found. You heard what they said. Those windows may only be open for a matter of minutes. Is that an order or a suggestion? Yes, sir! [Planet surface]  I hope you're satisfied. We were a lot more comfortable inside the shuttle. I have red welts all over my hands now. I certainly don't know why the ship's sensors indicated this planet might be rich in food supplies. It sure doesn't look it. I'll find something for us. Of course, it might not meet your personal culinary standards. What good fortune. [Kes's quarters] Garnesite. This will give us a little heat, at least. So, what is Starfleet protocol for situations like this? I hope you had a passing grade. That's not very encouraging. And he gave you a B minus? I guess he didn't play favourites, huh? I wrote my own book. My life before Voyager was no bed of Felaran rose petals. What? You were going to say junk, perhaps? Go ahead. Say it. Junk. I was a dealer in junk. Perhaps not worthy of a woman like Kes, in your opinion. Tell me something. In that Starfleet survival course, did your father teach you to check for life signs before you seal yourself inside a cave? There are now. [Bridge] (Voyager is under fire.) In this atmosphere, it could be dying of exposure. I'd say it's becoming more and more evident that we chose the wrong cave. (They find three large eggs.) If this species is sentient, wouldn't that suggest that its parents might return to care for it? I think we've established we're not dealing with a common reptile. We can't just leave it here. But we blocked off the cave. The mother might have been trapped outside. Look. It's not that simple. What if she can sense we were here? She, she might be able to smell that faux lime aftershave of yours. I'm sure you realise many species won't return to a nest after it's been tampered with. No. This creature is our responsibility. The moment we came in here, it became our responsibility. Look, if she does return and accepts the hatchling, it'll solve everything. We just have to wait and see what she does. I don't know how it is in your quadrant, but in mine we don't abandon a new-born thing. It's stopped crying. To be honest, I haven't been around many new borns. Oh, look at this, Paris. It's stopped shivering. If I were in my kitchen, I could cook you up some delightful leola root broth. It seems far more interested in my jacket than your food. We were certainly wrong about that. The perfect source of nutrition for the hatchling.  It's not breathing! I don't think it's breathing! Come on. Suck in some of those hearty vapours. There must be something in here we can use to resuscitate it. No! It's our fault. It's our fault. If we hadn't come. Here. Cordrazine. This is a stimulant. So we should just let it die? What are you doing? Do it again. Again. It's working. It's working! You did it! Who cares? [Bridge] I'm sorry. I feel I owe you an apology. I had no right to push that pasta in your lap. I haven't been fair to you. You know, I hear people talking about you in the mess hall. Oh, that you used to be a coward and couldn't be trusted. It's typical of Kes that she would befriend someone like you. Someone who really needs a friend. And I guess I just got a little jealous. I got more than a little jealous. I realise now I was wrong. I know. What do you mean? Oh? I see. Well, in a way I can't say I blame you. She is very attractive. Well, I did save her life. I'm sure she's grateful. There are others? I don't pick Kes's friends for her. Just my own. (Static comes over Paris' comm. badge.) We can't leave yet. What if the mother rejects it? We promised each other we wouldn't abandon it until Captain, this is Neelix. Are you in a particular rush to leave? [Bridge]  Yes. But [Bridge] NEELIX  And another one will be coming in how long?  We'll take it. There's nothing like a family reunion. As soon as you're ready. [Transporter Room]  Kes! And I'm a godmother. I'd say this is the special occasion I've been waiting for to open up that bottle of Potak cold fowl I've been saving. No. It's actually made from the glandular secretions of an adult dunghill bird, found only on Potak Three. It's very rare. Very exquisite. There are, I believe, only twenty seven bottles in existence at this time. [Corridor]  It has a rather smoky flavour, going well with strong, meaty dishes. But I prefer it for sipping in the company of good friends. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Ah, Captain, the computer told me I'd find you on deck eleven section four B, starboard side, and sure enough, here you are. I assumed you'd want to talk to me. About the Botha. We're headed for their space and as I've told you, they're going to have to be handled very carefully. I wouldn't put this off too long. We're getting closer, you know.  Captain, I knew we should have talked this morning. I've been in subspace contact with some old friends of mine. Nomads, collectors, much as I used to be. They're in a position to gather information during their travels. What they've told me doesn't sound good. There are lots of rumours about ships entering Bothan space, never to be heard from again. My sources on Mithren say that they have lost a number of vessels. They say the Botha protect their territory fiercely. I don't think they are either. They just don't want anyone crossing their borders. It's hard to say. There's some belief that they don't even have a legitimate claim to the space, that they're nothing more than pernicious, odious vandals. In which case, diplomacy would fall on deaf ears. Captain, if I may. What was the last time you ate? Then let me suggest that we conduct our talk in the mess hall. We're serving a sumptuous repast for lunch. (Everyone looks at Janeway.)  Captain, you have a nasty habit of skipping meals and that can do horrible things to your electrolyte levels. All you have to do is give me a call. I'll be there in a trice with a tray of food so delectable you won't be able to resist. I do think I've outdone myself this time. An exquisite pate made from Seltin wood fungus. Brine-soaked neccel strips. Deviled wood throk. (A plate of cucumber sandwiches.) Lieutenant Hargrove asked for them. Is something wrong? Why, I'm not sure. I think I found several of them in storage. Unusual, isn't it? Captain, is everything all right?  Captain! I'm delighted to see you. Do you want a snack? Didn't you like it? Delectable. Exquisite! Sublime. Cucumber sandwiches? I don't even know what that is. The other item on the menu was a fried murt cake. You ate one. One of these. The ones I found in storage. (Stainless steel with a black handle.) Flowers? Well, no, I don't see any flowers. Maybe there was another cup, but I don't think so. Would you like a cup with flowers on it? I'm sure I can replicate one. Aye, Captain. Sweeting! Thank goodness I found you. Are you all right? In the mess hall, trying to help the poor souls there. I didn't hear them. The comm. system must be down. And frankly, I was a little busy. Ashmore thought I was a Kazon. Tried to kill me with a carving knife. Who else would I be? Kes, all I want to do is protect you, to keep you safe. We have to get away from here, get to my shuttle. You're becoming annoying. Move away from that console. What's the matter, Kes? Can't lift your head? Stop it! (Neelix collapses and turns into the Bothan. Kes turns the monitor back on.)
I'll meet you there, Commander. [Transporter room] You won't believe what I've found. I think it's argh! Ow! (Chakotay and Torres run to find Neelix on the ground, clutching his face. There is a gouge across his left eye.)
This is delicious. Mister Tanis, is it true you're fourteen years old? Would that technology work for Kes? Ahem, excuse me. May I say something now? I'm so proud of you. I knew you could do it. This is a whole new beginning for you, Kes. Go? I'd go anywhere with you. Captain's log, supplemental. We've arrived at what Tanis calls the meeting place, the region of space where Suspiria exists.  [Bridge] Am I interrupting? [Engineering] Leave her alone, Tanis! I said, leave her alone! (Tanis throws Neelix across the room with one angry stare.)
I've never seen the Kazon do anything like this before. Forgive me, Captain, but are you sure going after the Nistrim is the wisest course of action after what they've already done to us? Even though all they've stolen is a small computer component? They'll try to get it for themselves any way they can. You're right. It could alter the balance of power among the sects. You can count on me, Captain. I'm not so sure these men died by accident, Captain. You see this green band he's wearing? It means he was the First Maje of the Kazon-Relora. Sworn enemies of the Nistrim. It's conceivable that Seska and Culluh used the transporter to execute these men. Captain's log, stardate 49208.5. I have convened a meeting of the senior staff to determine how we can get close enough to the Nistrim ship to deploy the anti-proton beam. [Briefing room] They must belong to enemy sects. It's certainly unusual for rival Kazon sects to congregate peacefully. I've never known the Kazon to do anything like that before.
Understood. (Neelix leaves.) It worked then. We're all right. I don't know exactly. I went in the shop, completed the trade, then I heard weapons fire on the street. By the time I got out there the Captain and the others were gone. I spoke to witnesses on the street. They said it was quite a fight. Someone must have told them we were coming. The Mokra have informants everywhere. I don't think I would have made it back here with the tellerium if he had been. Besides, he's involved with the Alsaurian resistance movement. He would never help the Mokra. The Mokra are paranoid and hostile. They have no use for diplomacy. I wouldn't be surprised if they started shooting at us immediately. He's not like any Mokra I've ever met. I can't believe he'll really help us. What does that mean? There's only one problem with that. If the Mokra detect us breaking through their shields, we'll be surrounded by soldiers in seconds.
Even though breakfast isn't officially served for another hour and a half, I'd be happy to pour you a glass of Traggle nectar. I will even fix you my special Jibalian seven spice omelette. I'm sorry, B'Elanna, but two pots of Landras blend is the absolute limit. Still no idea how to revive our mechanised guest. I remember when I was trying to perfect the recipe for my Jibalian omelette. I tried everything, a little more spith basil, a little less prishic, but I couldn't get it right. Finally I fell asleep from exhaustion right there at the counter. And then, in a dream, it came to me. I was using six spices, but the omelette needed seven. Nimian sea salt, actually. Yes, salt, the most common spice in the galaxy. But I was too tired, so I couldn't see it. To bed. I said, to bed.
Rabbit? She never told me she likes rabbits. What is a rabbit anyway? Is this some new chef she's interviewing?
Captain, if I may? We're not far from a planet known as Sobras, where there's a Kazon settlement inhabited by a faction known as the Pommar. I have an acquaintance there, someone who owes me some favours. Some rather large favours, actually. Perhaps I could meet with him and sound him out. Not exactly, but he does have the Maje's ear. This would be strictly informal, but it might give us a reading on the possibility without the risk of actual confrontation. Hello my friends. Please, don't let me interrupt. I was hoping to find my good friend Jal Tersa here. Has he been in tonight? (The bartender nods in the direction of a table.) Thank you. Tersa, my friend! (Tersa is trying to workout a matchstick puzzle on the table.) I'd never dream of sneaking up on you, but you were so engrossed in whatever it is you're doing. I'm good at puzzles, perhaps I can help? Oh, a splendid motivation, to be sure. I might just be able to make your night a memorable one. I might, if you'll hear me out first. My fortunes have changed since we last met, Tersa. I've become a person of some influence aboard a starship known as Voyager. A simple misunderstanding. Tersa, I know you have the ear of your First Maje, as I do with our Captain. We could be quite useful to both of them. My Captain is interested in talking to your Maje, to discuss a possible alliance. Do you think he'd have any interest in such a meeting? An interesting thought, isn't it? Tersa! Explain to them we're friends! I guess you'll be spending the night alone. [Briefing room] He won't look kindly on anyone who's made such a egregius error. What are you charging me with? How long will I be held? Well, I assume you'll at least let me confer with counsel. I have the ability to reward handsomely anyone who shows me a bit of understanding. Is that a baby? (There are a lot of people being held here.) My name is Neelix. I'm Talaxian. I wasn't walking quickly enough for them. Why are they holding you? How long have you been here? The Kazon won't be satisfied until you've all been annihilated. Only two. I guess they assume this place is so secure that they don't need anymore. Why do you ask? You can count on me. I'd rather go out fighting, myself. (They look out at a guard.) I'll keep an eye on him. (Weapons fire attracts the guard's attention down the passageway.) You have to understand. The Trabe were rich and powerful. They manipulated information about the conditions on their planet. And no one wanted to risk offending them, and losing opportunities for trade. My contact on the planet said that he was making a sketch of the conference site, and believe me the Takrid are not known for their art. That's as much information as I got. Why miss a chance to wipe out your rivals while they're together in one room? A rumour that must be taken seriously nonetheless. Have you heard anything more about the matter we discussed? Tersa, this time I am here with a powerful starship. You'd better be telling me everything you know. He hasn't heard anything more, but he's frightened. He must believe something's going to happen. Peace? A massacre? We're in good shape, Captain. We shouldn't have to stop anywhere for several weeks.
More coffee? Ah, you look like a happy bunch. Oh. Well, maybe I can help. No. But I'm a quick study. What are we working on? (Neelix sits and looks at the array of PADDS.) Sure. There's some Kalavian biscuits, somewhere in the kitchen. What are you saying? I'm not smart enough? I'll have you know I did two years as an engineer's assistant aboard a Trabalian freighter. I'm well-versed in warp theory. Infinite velocity. Got it. So that means very fast. Wow! And you're working on this? I remember there was a time when I lost a warp nacelle going through a dark matter nebula. I realise that. I'm just using it as an example. As the ship went through the nebula, it sent out a dark matter bow wave. Eventually so much pressure built up, it tore the nacelle from its housing. Now, maybe the same thing is happening to you. I have no idea what they just said. (Neelix takes a biscuit from the plate that Torres found in the kitchen.) [Briefing room] PARIS  This is a new blend. I'm calling it Paris Delight. It's in honour of you. I can tell. (Neelix leaves them to their PADDs.)
But it's the Kal Rekk season. Atonement. Solitude. All your Vulcan holidays are the same. I've been doing some research, I know. It's part of my job as Morale officer. Oh, please! There's no one on this ship requires my services more than you do. I will not rest until I see you smile. I don't suppose you've ever heard of the Vulcan Rumarie? Full of barely clothed Vulcan men and women covered in slippery Rillan grease, chasing one another. Well, it's time to bring it back. I've been thinking of a Rumarie theme for the mess hall next week. Lots of high fat, greasy foods, and if people want to take of their clothes and chase one another, well, it certainly wouldn't hurt morale around here. [Engineering] Okay, all right. Far be it from me to bother anyone. If you really want me to leave, I'll leave. I don't believe you. Your voice says go away, but your heart want me to make you smile. Come on. A little smile. How is it going to hurt? I won't tell anyone. Come on, just a little itty bitty smile. Just let the mouth curl a little then. There's an old Talaxian song my mother used to sing me as a child. I'm going to sing it to you every day from now on. It goes (Tuvok grabs Neelix by the throat and pushes him up against the wall.) Mister Vulcan, I can't breathe, I can't breathe, I'm sorry, I, I (Tuvok releases Neelix's body.)
So, how did you stop it?
Good day, Voyager and welcome to A Briefing With Neelix. It's a catchy title, isn't it? I'll be coming to you each and every day with news of general interest. Interviews with our fascinating crew members. Musical performances. Recommendations for new holodeck programmes. And of course, previews of upcoming meals. Everything from Hlaka soup to Zabee nuts. A Briefing With Neelix will help you stay informed about ship's activities, er, keep you abreast of your colleague's accomplishments and broaden your knowledge about a wealth of subjects. But most of all, it will make you feel good, because what you see here will always be the most uplifting, optimistic view of everything that happens on our ship. After all, as your morale officer, isn't it my job to bring a little joy into everyone's day? Hmm? Captain Janeway has agreed to appear on the show with regular updates about the ship's progress, and Commander Chakotay will commend outstanding crew members. So snap to and keep those boots polished to a shine. You never know when you might be featured on A Briefing With Neelix. Ready, Ensign? In just a moment, an amazing talent. Ensign Pablo Baytart will astound you with his juggling ability. He'll keep PADDs, hyposprays, even phasers in the air for minutes at a time. But before that, what makes people feel better than a little romance? And what Lieutenant in a gold uniform was recently huddled in the Mess Hall with what crewman in blue having a very intimate conversation over a carafe of Silmic wine? Well, I'd never name names, but you know who you are. Best wishes to a handsome pair of lovebirds. And now, ladies and gentlemen, Ensign Pablo Baytart. [Doctor's office]  Ladies and gentlemen, Ensign Pablo Baytart. Well? What did you think? (The EMH turns off the monitor before Baytart's juggling act appears.) I can see Hints for Healthful Living becoming a very popular segment, Doctor. You'd be lifted to a whole new level in the crew's eyes. They'd hang on your every word. You'd enjoy a, a popularity, a, a celebrity that you've never known before. You don't have to answer right away. Just think about it. [Corridor]  Ah, Mister Kim! Just the person I wanted to see. Did you watch A Briefing With Neelix this morning? Is there something about the programme you disliked?  Frosting? You do? What did your professors say when you told them you were going to publish the editorial? I'm heading for my quarters. Put it through there. Laxeth, you old dilithium scrubber. It's good to see you. Calling to trade me some of your ill-gotten goods again? I promise you, I never want to see another wheel of Pendrashian cheese. Communications master? Well, you've certainly come up in the world. Congratulations. How's that? Passenger? We don't carry any passengers. An old friend of mine is serving with a Talaxian convoy. He told me they'd be rendezvousing with us in a few days. Tom? Well, yes. But he seemed so determined to get those things behind him. It means a lot to him to be respected by this crew. I can't believe this. I never thought. Captain, may I speak with him? Hello, Tom. I hear you're leaving the ship? When did you make this decision? Tom, you and I have had our differences, but I thought we put those behind us. I just hope I haven't contributed to your decision? I thought you found those things here. I'm one of them, Tom. And I wish you wouldn't go. Doctor, what can I do for you? Well, that's good news, I-I'm delighted you've decided to become a contributor. But I'm afraid I don't have time to discuss it right now. That is fascinating, but I'm afraid there's a more important story I have to work on today. When you see it, I'm sure you will understand. Definitely. Without fail. I promise you. Fine. Fine. Good bye, Doctor. (Neelix turns off the monitor and starts to record ABWN.) [On monitor] (Chakotay watches the broadcast in his quarters, Janeway and Tuvok on the Bridge, the whole Engineering staff, and Kes and Kim in the Transporter room with Paris.) Good morning, Voyager. I want to tell you about a friend of mine. I first met this man almost a year ago, and tell you the truth, I didn't like him much. He seemed a little too cocky, a little too sure of himself. A lot of people had questions about him. He'd proven he'd pretty much sell himself out to the highest bidder, go wherever the wind blew him, so people wondered, could you trust this person when things got tough? Would he stand side by side with you, or would he let you down when you needed him most? But the fact of the matter is, he proved himself right from the beginning. I wouldn't be alive right now if it weren't for him. And the same goes for many of you. It took me a while to realize it. Like a lot of people, I was too caught up in first impressions to see the truth that was right in front of me. I overlooked his bravery because I was focusing of his brashness. I ignored his courage because I saw it as arrogance. And I resented his friendliness because I mistook it for licentiousness. So while this man was giving us his best every minute of every day, I was busy judging him. And now he's leaving. I'm proud to say that in spite of my narrow-mindedness, Thomas Eugene Paris became my friend. I'm going to miss him. No more laughs over a game of pool. No more sitting up into the wee hours swapping stories. No more complaints about my cooking. Goodbye, Tom. I think I speak for more of us than you might imagine when I say you're going to leave an empty space when you go. I hope you find what you're looking for. (Tom hugs Kes, and then Kim, steps onto the transporter pad and is beamed away. Neelix is now seen to be there with Kes.) [Briefing room] Thank you. Lieutenant, if I may? This sounds like news of substance to me. Are we all right? Neelix to Sickbay. Prepare for emergency transport. We have three wounded. [Sickbay] (One man has a burnt hand.) May I interview one of them now? Well, I am, of course. Would you care to make a statement? Thank you, Doctor. I'm sure that will be of great interest to the crew. Very interesting. Now, I know the crew would love to hear a few words from the man who risked his life to save the ship. Would you consent to an interview? Ah. Right here, Captain. I'm on my way. I'll contact you later about the interview. Verterium cortenide, if I'm not mistaken, that's a densified composite material. Let's see. Er, there's a yellow dwarf system called Hemikek with an M-class planet quite rich in minerals. Mining rights belong to a consortium of non-aggressive people. I'm sure we could make arrangements to purchase some verterium and cortenum.  Something just doesn't make sense. I mean, he wasn't off the ship for a day when the Kazon attacked that convoy. How did they find out so fast that Tom was there? A Talaxian convoy would never let the Kazon know where they are. That would be like committing suicide. That wouldn't have stopped them from taking the cargo too. And according to my friend Laxeth, it was a swift, efficient strike. It sounds like they knew Tom was there, and they came just to get him. One possibility I can think of is that it was someone on this ship. I don't know. But a responsible journalist would find out. [Engineering]  B'Elanna! I didn't expect to find you here. Are you working the night shift? Oh. I was wondering if you could show me how to access the subspace communications logs. Well, just part of my news programme. I understand. Just get me started. Oh, maybe a month or two. No. I'll be fine. Thank you very much. Voyager to Mithren. Mithren again. Voyager to Kotati. I, I don't know exactly what I'm looking for. Something anomalous. An incident I'm investigating. Tell me, Mister Hero. If someone wanted to make a secret subspace transmission, how would he do it? Oh, I can't be too forthcoming right now, but if I find what I think I'm going to, well, let me just say that this ship will be stunned. What about that? That gap, as if some of the log entries have been deleted. I beg your pardon? Here it is again. Maybe Lieutenant Torres can explain it. Ah. Here it is again. Gaps in the log entries. And frankly it looks like more than data fragmentation to me. The gaps are showing up in logs entered over the last months, but not before that. (Jonas creeps up behind Neelix.) Doctor! How can I help you? That's right, that's right. I've been so preoccupied with this other matter. That's very interesting, but we're going to have to put it off until tomorrow. I'm sorry, Doctor, but I really have to go now. [Tuvok's office]  All through the subspace communication logs, there were these gaps, as though something had been erased. Ah ha! I knew you'd say that. Answer this, Mister Vulcan. Why would those gaps, those deletions, occur only in the sub-com logs and only in the last month? I checked every log system we have. Sensor logs, power allocation logs, warp maintenance logs, environmental control logs. They're all perfectly fine. I believe someone on this ship has been making covert transmissions and erasing the evidence. I don't know, but I suspect whoever it was has been communicating with the Kazon. I know. That's why I've come to you. And I will help you. As a journalist, I have an ethical obligation to keep digging for the facts in this case. I see. All right, I leave it in your hands. Good hunting. [Corridor]  Higher obligation? Ha, I'll show him higher obligation. Huh, he'll have Eskarian egg on his face when I get to the heart of this. It's the job of a journalist to be independent. [Engineering]  Lieutenant, I wonder if you could I was wondering if it's possible to look underneath a log that seems to have been erased, to see if there's anything left of it. Ah, that would be ideal. What? How could someone do that? Ingenious. Would there be a way to determine who sent the messages? Thanks for your help. I'll check out deck four. Go room by room, console by console.  Computer, activate monitor. Override existing clearance. Engineering authorisation omega four seven. Unbelievable. [Ready room] NEELIX It was, er, I believe it was called signal correlation traces. Mister Hogan was helping me, and he detected them. It isn't? I don't think so. He was just the person walking by who Lieutenant Torres asked to help me. Anything I can do to help, Captain, and get Tom home safely, I want to do. [Kazon ship] (Paris is still working on the console in his 'prison'. He finally gets into a communication.) Excuse me. I was wondering if one of you could help me. The signal correlation traces that implicated Tom Paris. They were added to the file after the fact. So I was trying to figure out how that could have happened, and who might have done it. Do you mind if I use the diagnostic terminal over there? I'll be careful. What's going on? Mister Jonas, I'm no expert, but it doesn't look to me like you're working on the transporter subsystems. What did you do? What is this forcefield for?  I recognise that subroutine. You're into the weapons system. You're disabling them! Neelix to (Jonas knocks Neelix out, takes his comm. badge and heads for the upper level. Neelix wakes, grabs a very large wrench, and follows him.) [Bridge] Don't worry about me, Mister Vulcan. I'm perfectly all right. Unfortunately, Mister Jonas wasn't so lucky. Well, I'm going to have plenty of material for tomorrow's Briefing With Neelix. [On monitor] An amazing story. Amazing. Of course. There you have it, ladies and gentlemen, the true hero of this whole endeavour, Lieutenant Thomas Eugene Paris. Well, I'm afraid that's all the time we have. Oh, I'd like to apologise to the Doctor for not getting around to him once again today. But I promise you he'll be here tomorrow with lots of fascinating information about the Bolian digestive system. Good day, Voyager. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Doctor! Aren't you going to introduce me to your date? I'm sorry. I didn't realise. As Chief Morale Officer, may I be the first to welcome you to Voyager. Let's go. You're making the lady nervous. Nice to meet you.
Good afternoon, Ensign. How are we doing today? Good, good. By the way, I was wondering if you'd take a look at the thermal array in the kitchen. It overloaded this morning and vaporised an entire pot roast. Wonderful. I informed Ensign Kim about the problem hours ago, and he still hasn't come down to fix it. [Kitchen] If this thing doesn't get fixed soon, we'll all be eating cold leftovers for dinner and who do you think the crew will blame?  Thanks. Oh, and while you're here, would you mind taking a look at the replicator? It's been having trouble making anything with large amounts of cellulose. Cabbages, psyllium, green beans, celery and all. It all comes out looking a touch too yellow. Well, the yields have been a little low lately. Normally, I would never dream of using synthesised veggies. What's wrong? That's wonderful. Labour can't be far behind. Let's, let's get you to Sickbay. Try to breathe now. Deep, deep regular breaths. Not so fast now. We're having a baby. [Sickbay]  Don't you worry. We have the best doctor in the quadrant.
Several hours ago. Is there a problem?
Captain, this used to be a major trading spot. I'm not sure exactly. If I had to guess I'd say about nineteen years, more or less. I'm sorry. What does that mean? Maybe it was caused by the panic that accompanies a heart attack. Maybe we should try to make him laugh. A good joke just, er, seems to make er, fear dissolve. Well, it does in me, anyway.
Oh, let's not quibble about semantics. A breeze is blowing. The sun is shining. It's beautiful. Adequate? You know something? You're acting more Tuvokian than usual this morning. There you go with the semantics again. But you know what I'm talking about. Well, then I'll explain it to you. You're a nature lover, aren't you? Then it's one of the things that you and I have in common. And here we are, on a perfect day, foraging for an exceptionally lovely variety of orchid, your favourite flower, and all you can say about the experience is that it's adequate. I just, I don't see why you're not having fun. Why, is there some regulation that says we can't do both at the same time? I know. Why don't, why don't we sing a song while we toil, hmm? It'll cheer you up. Now, I've been studying Vulcan music. Do you know that lovely tune that starts, (sings) Oh starless night of boundless black. I know, but it was the most cheerful song I could find in the Vulcan database. Come on, Tuvok, join me. Oh starless night of boundless black. Yes? Hello, sweeting. (Neelix and Kes kiss.)
I can tell you, the morale of the crew is going to suffer if we leave them behind. Is there something going on that I should know about?
 I've been in touch with the Talaxian mining colony on Prema Two. They're willing to come to our assistance if we run into trouble. Four days if you didn't take such a circuitous route, if we simply went across the Tenarus cluster. It so happens that I do know this part of space, my Kazon friend. I just wanted to see if you would tell us the truth. The route he suggests is safer, Captain.  Dinner time, Mister Suder. We have a fine leola root soup tonight. Oh, Red alert. I'm afraid we have to go. I'll leave it here, just in case. [Bridge] This is outrageous! Do you really think it's likely that someone will find us, Captain? Help is on the way! Delta team with me. (The ground shakes.) If that's true, I'd say this is a do-not-disturb sign, wouldn't you? They look humanoid. We might be able to use these as tools or weapons. Gather them up, Mister Hogan. Is there a problem? Waste nothing. That's one of the first rules of survival. (Neelix drops the thigh bone he has picked up and leaves Hogan to his task.) Hogan! [Shuttlecraft] This is my fault. If I hadn't told Hogan to pick up these bones. Captain, none of the search teams were able to find plants of any nutritional value. If we put some bigger rocks around the fire, they'll reflect the heat better. I'm going to go get some. (Neelix leaves. Kes follows.) [Outside the camp] Now, see here. You just keep your hands off her! Commander. Thank goodness. I agree. The other two seem to be trying to figure out what to make of us. In a manner of speaking. Not in a culinary sense, I hope. Stand? Certainly. I'll be happy to stand. What, 0ver here? Fine, fine, fine, fine. What? No. No. No! That is unacceptable! Commander, that looks just like the tunnel where Hogan It's coming from this way. (That way lies a cave with a giant serpent sleeping in it.) [Outside the tunnel] (The search party see the natives outside the tunnel entrance.)
Hard to tell. A fertility symbol, maybe. Or happiness and love. What? (They go back to a side cave with a bright light shining from a platform at the top of a short flight of steps.) It looks like a shrine. Come on, sweeting, we don't want to be left behind. Kes! Kes, can you hear me? Help! Somebody! We need help! (Torres and Kim are first on the scene.) She didn't touch anything. She went as far as that archway and then an energy field knocked her down. You can cure her, can't you? Excuse me, Captain. I'd like to do something to help. (to Kes) I'll be back soon. [Ready room] I've researched everything I could find about the sacred shrine. I didn't uncover much scientific evidence, but there was one story, it was in a very old text, I'm not sure how reliable, about a boy who recovered from a condition like Kes's. He was a young prince. He wandered into the shrine accidentally and he went into a death sleep. Everyone said it was the will of the spirits. His father, King Nevad, refused to accept that, so he went through the ritual to seek an audience with the spirits and he pleaded for his son's life. The spirits in their infinite mercy granted his request. That was the only trace of hope that I could find. What? What is it? What have you found? Is that bad? Is that good or bad? So you have something that will help Kes. It should be me going through all that! I was the one who let Kes get hurt in the first place. I'm wallowing? It's just frustrating to be so helpless. What's that? Is something wrong? It isn't. What does that mean? Hmm? What? Something is wrong! Why isn't she? Can't we try again? Have you found a way to help her? I hate to question you, Captain, but why? You know you'll always have my gratitude for everything you've done to save Kes, but I couldn't and I know she couldn't ask you to risk your own life like this. There are too many other people who need you. These are the same people who were willing to let Kes die just for disturbing their shrine. Can you take their word for it that you'll be safe in there?
And this Barzan wormhole, it's the same one we've discovered now? What other option is there? How do we do that? Not the Grand Nagus. I'm his official messenger, the Grand Proxy. (Arridor and Kol rush to kneel and kiss the staff.) Through the Barzan wormhole. The humans stabilised it temporarily and were kind enough to send a probe through, informing us of your impressive operation. If I were you, I'd save the grovelling for the Nagus himself. Of course not, you idiot! You two are going to him. You've been recalled. You will be leaving immediately. The Grand Nagus knows all about your little scheme, the Song of the Sages and all the rest of it. Very clever. But he wants you and all your acquisitions back on Ferenginar before the wormhole closes again. The Grand Nagus has no intention of losing profits from this market. That's why he's already got a team of scientists investigating the human's technology to see if we can find a way to open and close the wormhole whenever we want. That's enough! The Grand Nagus has recalled you both. It's non-negotiable. Of course, the Nagus doesn't want to upset the local population. He may want to send others in your place. That's why he wants you to make a little speech telling the people that their Holy Sages have been recalled to the Divine Treasury or whatever it is the people around here call it. Then he wants you to tell them not to worry, that everything will be all right without you. Then he wants you to thank them for their generosity. The 299th Rule of Acquisition, Whenever you exploit someone, it never hurts to thank them. That way it's easier to exploit them the next time. You've been gone a very long time. Oh, by the way, did I mention that the Nagus is appropriating all your holdings? All. I'll be back in twenty minutes to approve your speech. I suggest you start writing. (to Kafar) You! Come with me! And you. There you are. Don't push. There's plenty to go around. Oh, you're quite welcome. Here. Please, one at a time. There you go. And you.  Arridor? Kol? Show yourselves. We can't keep the Grand Nagus waiting. What is the meaning of this? (Arridor comes up behind him with another sword.) But the Grand Nagus (Neelix dodges Kol's clumsy swing. Kol falls to the floor.) Wait! Wait! I'm not, I'm not the Grand Proxy! Stop! My name is Neelix! Wait! I'm not Ferengi. I've never even met the Grand Nagus. It's true! I'm wearing a disguise. I'm really a Talaxian, a crewman on Voyager. I'm not sure how. (Kol twists Neelix's lobes.) I can't feel a thing. Suffice it to say, they know I'm not the Grand Proxy. I'm, er, well. That's right. Another Holy One. I am the Holy Pilgrim! (Silence.) I have come to fulfil the destiny that is prophesied in the Song of the Sages. Ah, there you are. Do you not recognise me? I am the Holy Pilgrim. Oh no, Great Sage, you are mistaken. I am indeed the Holy Pilgrim. And just as the Song of the Sages promises, I have come to lead you back, high into the sky of black. Well, it looks as though you two will be heading off to see the Grand Nagus after all. I am not a false Pilgrim and I'll prove it.  The song says that amid the eastern lights, three new stars appeared that night. Look, my friends. Look! Right up there! No, no! Wait a minute, people! No! There's, there's no reason to interpret the Song of the Sages so literally. Kafar! Kafar! Tell them! I am the Holy Pilgrim, and I have come to tell you there's another verse to the song. It's er, please, don't burn the Holy Ones. Commander? I think now would be a very good time for that beam-out. (Faggots of wood are laid around the Ferengi's feet.)
Anthraxic citrus peel, orange juice with just a hint of papalla seed extract. An experimental blend. Ensign Golwat tried some yesterday, and she thought it was delicious. In fact, she had a second glass, and she never has seconds. All I ask is that you try it, Mister Vulcan. (Tuvok sniffs and sips.) Ah! I'll start squeezing that second glass. Breakfast is coming right up. Porakan eggs. The most flavourful eggs in the sector. Scrambled with a little dill weed, a touch of rengazo, a galactic favourite. Now, these eggs were not easy to prepare. After we picked them up on Porakas Four, I had to sterilise them in a cryostatic chamber for three days. Then each and every one had to be parboiled On Talax it's a tradition to share the history of a meal before you begin eating. It's a way of enhancing the culinary experience. My mother was brilliant. She could make every course, every garnish come alive by making it a character in a story. My favourite was the one about the crustacean who (Flames surge up around the egg pan, setting the contents alight. Neelix quickly smothers it with a lid.) Er, some sort of power overload. I'm afraid it decimated your breakfast. This is what my mother would call a tragic ending. Aye, Captain. Captain's log, stardate 50126.4. We have detected a gaseous anomaly that contains sirillium, a highly combustible and versatile energy source. We've altered course to investigate. [Bridge] Sirillium? My pantry. Of course, Captain. You know, if I injected sirillium into my thermal array, it might improve cooking time.
Neelix to Lieutenant Tuvok. We've got company. [Neelix's ship]
Welcome to Enara! Specifically the colours of the Enaran flag. The decor, the menu, the music, all authentically Enaran. Enarans don't use them. After a big meal, you can just lie back and take a nap. Very practical. Perhaps a bit chillier than you're used to, but just about perfect for You must try some of these delightful algae puffs. They're fresh from the oven. You take a couple of these, roll them around like this, and voila! Your hands are clean and disinfected. The Enarans are very hygienic. I haven't seen Lieutenant Torres around here tonight. I suppose she's putting in another late night in Engineering.
If these people are who I think they are, I can tell you this is very bad news. I've never actually encountered them but from what I've heard I'm glad I didn't. Most ships that enter their space are never heard from again. Some have returned with everyone on board dead. They're a complete mystery. No one knows their name, how many of them there are, what the culture is like. Just that they really don't want people violating their territory.
Not yet, although we have come across some very intriguing televised broadcasts. Take a look at this. It's a form of entertainment called a soap opera. The exploration of human relationships is fascinating. Oh, I can't wait to see if Blaine's twin brother is the father of Jessica's baby. Er, aye, sir. Captain, I strongly recommend against that. The more legitimate news organisations have apparently decided that the Voyager image is fraudulent. However I've also been monitoring more official channels and the United States military is taking things just a little more seriously.
Neelix to Kes. I hope you didn't forget our lunch date in the holodeck?
All I can say is, wow! What about you, Mister Vulcan? Isn't that just, wow! Champagne? Captain, if I thought you wanted champagne. Not unless you tell me why you're bothering Captain Janeway. You can't bribe Captain Janeway. What are you talking about? Do you want to know what Captain Janeway likes about me? I'll tell you. I am respectful, loyal and most of all, sincere. And those are qualities which someone like you could never hope to possess. [Ready room] (Janeway hears the whimpering of a small canine and goes to investigate. The cocker spaniel puppy is in a basket under her desk.)
Help! Captain!
Ah, a little further to the left. Mmm, no. That's too much. Ah, perfect. Welcome, gentlemen. Just getting things ready for tonight's little get-together. Polynesian style. I've done my research. Er, Lieutenant Tuvok, you neglected to RSVP. Who? Doesn't ring a bell. Oh, one of the entertainment directors. I believe she's giving Kes a hydrosail lesson. (A crewman is carrying a tiki torch.) No, no, not there. There. Greetings, Mister Vulcan. I've done a great deal of ethnographic research on the Polynesian cultures on Earth. The flowered garland, or lei, is said to represent the flowering of love. It's a marvellous tradition, don't you think? Oh. Oh, my! Did I programme a centrepiece that big? Computer, open parameter adjustment file. (Neelix throws a lei over Tuvok's head and scurries away. Tuvok removes it.)
I'm sure it was definite. Well, maybe not completely definite. That is, I, I'd expressed my desire to learn the ropes as it were, and I have completed my study of starship security protocols. I think you'll find that I'm fully qualified to serve in the capacity of a Starfleet security officer. Junior grade, of course. But Captain Janeway is always saying that Voyager is a ship of opportunity. I've been working hard at this. I really do feel I have a great deal to contribute to Voyager beyond my current role. I'll see you first thing tomorrow morning for security rounds! [Engineering] Good morning, B'Elanna. You missed my special Klingon Breakfast Buffet. Well, you're not alone. None of the crew seemed especially enthusiastic about it. What's the problem with er, the plasma injectors? I've been getting myself up to speed on Federation warp propulsion. Ah. Have you thought of phase locking them to the dilithium matrix? Oh. I really am interested in learning more about engineering systems, maybe even volunteering for a few duty shifts. In fact, I have a couple of questions about the impulse response filters. Oh. I understand, Lieutenant. Sorry. I'll just watch for a while, if you don't mind. I also had a question about the transporter buffers. On my way, Captain. [Bridge] I believe this is a region of space known as the Nekrit Expanse. (The dust clouds are purple.) It's a vast territory. No one knows much about it. That might be advisable. Yes, ma'am. I'm at your command, as always. There is a station near the border, a kind of supply depot for mining and trading ships. I suggest we stop there for provisions before we go into the Nekrit Expanse. Er, let's see. It's actually been a while. I see you're a map dealer. Actually, I'm interested in maps of the Nekrit Expanse. Surely there's an astrometric chart or a database that would help me plot a safe course? Wixiban? Wix, is that you? I can't believe it! It's a long story. I'm one of the crew of a highly advanced starship. Yes, I'm very, I'm very lucky. But what about you? What are you doing on this station? I'm sorry. I hope it works out. Er, Wix, about the Ubeans. I don't think I ever told you how much I valued what you did. Yes, I would have. But you were the one who got caught. I owe you a great deal. If there's anything I can do to help. To tell you the truth, it's not quite what I told you. In fact I may not be on Voyager much longer. The main reason Captain Janeway needed me was as a guide, to give her information about this quadrant. But I've never been beyond the Nekrit Expanse. I can't tell her anything about what's ahead. They don't really need a cook, and I don't think our Captain really requires an Ambassador. I've tried to find some other area where I might be useful, but, the truth is, I'm not needed. I'm hoping you can help me. I can't let Voyager go into that dangerous without some idea of what's there. I have to find a map. [Mess hall] (Neelix drops a pan of something.) Dinner isn't for an hour, Ensign Vorik, and I don't have time to prepare a snack. Oh, of course. Go ahead. (Chakotay enters with Wixiban.) Well, er, yes. Yes, of course. Well, yes, Wix has always had a knack for finding those hard to locate items. Yes, this is the Mess room. On any given day I must be prepared to feed over a hundred people. About done, Ensign? Well I really don't need the replicators today, so you can finish later. Oh, and remind Lieutenant Torres. When she has a moment, I'd still like to go over a few things with her. Thank you. (Vorik leaves.) Wix, please tell me those spindle bearings weren't stolen property. I haven't forgotten. Of course not. That's great news. Captain Janeway hasn't had any luck. Wonderful! How do we get it? Where does the map come in? I can't thank you enough. I don't think that would be a problem. I suppose there's no need to mention it. Only twenty kilogrammes. I told Commander Chakotay it would be forty five. I don't like keeping the whole truth from Commander Chakotay. It's not honest. Wix, I'm not what I used to be. We're within transporter range. I've entered the coordinates. (Wixiban takes a hand phaser from a locker.) What are you doing? You said this would be easy. Computer, energise. [Space Station - Corridor 14L] I don't like this, meeting in dark passages late at night. What's he doing? What kind of medical supplies are those? Wix! (The case of supplies is snatched from Neelix.) Computer, two to beam up. [Shuttlecraft] Those aren't ordinary medical supplies. You failed to mention that. They're narcotics, aren't they. Oh, you're up to your same old tricks. We have to talk to Captain Janeway as soon as we get back. I can't just forget about this. Wix. All right! I won't say anything. But I don't want to have anything more to do with you. The debt is paid. Captain's log, supplemental. I have called a meeting of the senior staff to inform them of some very disturbing news I have just received [Briefing room] (Torres and Neelix are the last to arrive. Bahrat is there.) I see. I suppose not. Wix? Ah, yes. He delivered some magnetic bearings. We're more like acquaintances, not friends really. I haven't seen him in years. I wouldn't know. I certainly don't think so. Me? What could I do? I see. I'd like to stay for a glass of toffa ale. Yeah. (Tuvok leaves.) I'd forgotten how easy it is for you to lie. Vulcan's aren't as easily fooled as you might think. What? I thought this was your scheme? I can't believe this is happening. Why did I ever listen to you! No. It's wrong. I won't do it. This has to stop. The people on Voyager are my friends. I can't steal from them. Oh, nothing. Just thought I might give you a hand with whatever it is you're doing. Well, sounds like another set of eyes won't hurt. M34, no not that one. L647. No, it's Y6. Tom, if it's not too bold of me, I wonder if I could ask you something? I've heard you were in some trouble in the past. Spent time in prison. Do you, would you, tell me how you got in trouble? Oh, no reason. Just wondered. Here's your container. Thanks, but I'm going to turn in early. Maybe another time. I thought I'd log a little time in the Jefferies tubes, if that's all right. Oh, it's not official, not at all, but Lieutenant Torres has been good enough to allow me to poke around here and there. As time permits, of course. Thank you. Ensign Vorik. You're quite young. Is it difficult for you being so far away from everything that's familiar? Voyager is a wonderful place to be. People here are very fortunate. I have to talk to you. I didn't get the warp plasma. I couldn't do it. I just couldn't. We have to tell the truth. It's the only way to make things right. No. I have a plan. This has gone too far. We have to go to Bahrat. Not if he agrees to my plan. That would be better than living a lie. I'm going whether you do or not. We were both involved in all aspects of the crime. So you see, Commander Chakotay and Lieutenant Paris are innocent. Your cryostatic prison isn't a particularly effective deterrent, is it? Apparently not, since we were able to deliver narcotics to known criminals right under your nose. Since you don't know how they do it, that might prove difficult. But we have a plan. The Kolaati want a sample of warp plasma from Voyager. We have some ideas. If we are able to turn them over to you, will you agree not to charge us with a crime? You'll have to provide us with a sample of warp plasma. I won't take any from Voyager. Doesn't matter. We'll make do. Let's hope they do, or we will end up in Bahrat's prison. [Bahrat's office] (One moment Bahrat has them on surveillance, then next he is seeing an empty space.) Who? Good evening, gentlemen. My name is Neelix and I It doesn't matter, because you're under arrest. I said, you're being taken into custody for smuggling contraband and narcotic substances. Very serious offences aboard this station, Mister Tosin. It's time you faced up to that. I wouldn't fire that weapon if I were you. That plasma canister you're holding. I disengaged the safety nodes just as you came in. Even as we speak, warp plasma is leaking from it. This section of the station is filling with plasma particles. Fire your weapon and you'll set off an explosion that would undoubtedly kill us all. And I wouldn't activate your transporter system, if I were you. The beam would also destabilize the plasma. Same effect. Boom. No problem at all, if it means getting rid of an Orillian lung maggot like you. Go ahead. You'd be doing me a favour. I have nothing to lose. Fire away! Shoot. What are you waiting for? Fire! Thank you, Doctor. Oh, good. And Wix? Only that I'm terribly sorry. No, ma'am. I've never been dishonest to you before, I swear, Captain. I just took one step. A step that seemed perfectly reasonable. And that step lead to another and another, and before I knew what I was involved in something I didn't know how to handle. I needed a map. Captain, my usefulness to you was at an end. I don't know anything about space beyond this point. I couldn't let you go into the Nekrit Expanse without knowing what you faced. I'm prepared to leave the ship, Captain. But, I can't guide you. I can't advise you. I don't know what's coming. Yes. Yes, I do.
Shouldn't we wait for Ensign Vorik?  I've got a laser drill, sample cases, geo-spectral analysis  kit.  Look over here. This must've been the colony.  They must've suffered some kind of disaster. Maybe an  earthquake.  No matter how real a holodeck programme may seem, it just  doesn't get your heart pumping like a genuine physical challenge. It's  exhilarating.  It didn't look quite so steep on the sensor map, did it?  All this Starfleet technology almost takes the fun out of it.  Wait till we climb back up with a pack full of gallicite.  I'm sorry. I don't know what happened.  We can't leave you down here alone!  Go ahead, Tom. I'll be all right here.  I'm ready to go, Commander.  (Neelix is hauled up the cliff.) 
I thought last night went well, didn't you? I was thinking of making it a regular feature, say once a month? And Captain, you were especially good last night. You'd never know. Now, Captain, I, do you think, I mean, I, I, I was wondering if Could you possibly keep Mister Tuvok busy on the bridge that evening? We never had this discussion. [Shuttlecraft Sacajawea] (Heading towards a brown planet.) We have to find her somehow.
Well, we're finished laying in the supplies.
No, no, I'm feeling quite vigorous. I requested a place on the rescue team as part of my Starfleet training and the Captain said yes, so I thought it might be useful to bring along a few extra medical supplies. No, no, no, I'll be fine. It's just that I'm a little apprehensive. I've been assigned to Lieutenant Tuvok's team and no matter what I do, I can't seem to please him. That's good advice, Doctor. [Shuttlecraft] (A rough ride through murky skies.) Mister Sklar, are you all right? We'll be landing shortly. Try to relax. Thrusters aren't responding. We're losing main power. Now gentlemen, there's no point in arguing. Right now we have to get this shuttle off the ground. If they were, I can try to repair them. I've been studying with Lieutenant Torres. She gave me a full orientation on shuttlecraft systems. Aye, sir. He's really a very pleasant fellow once you get to know him. And intelligent. I'm sure he'll have the comm. system up and running On my way. (Neelix makes his scans, and notices a tall thin structure reaching up to the clouds a short distance away.) Excuse me! Mister Tuvok. Not exactly. What I mean to say is, I know I'm here to observe, and I don't mean to step out of line, but I think I've observed a way of here. I saw what appeared to be an orbital tether anchored nearby. May I assume it uses magnetic leverage to lift the carriage. What if we use that carriage to climb the tether? Well, we wouldn't have to go all the way to the station. We'd just have to leave the ionosphere. Once we get above all this interference, we can contact Voyager. They'll beam us aboard. Maybe we can replace the coils with attitude control thrusters from the shuttle. It would take a little creative mechanics, but I think we can do it. I spent two years on a tether maintenance team on Rinax. The principles are undoubtedly the same. I've helped rebuild a dozen mag-lev carriages. Give me a chance to get that one working. If I can't, we'll come back and wait for the others. You won't regret this, Lieutenant. We need to get to the base of the tether. [Mag-lev carriage] Looks like somebody's been here recently. (He is grabbed from behind by a woman, who puts a knife to his throat.) Yes, we know. The induction coils. But we brought equipment to replace them. Maybe we can augment the converters. We've brought along some equipment that might do the trick. If I can fix the tether, no one will need your rations. We have a starship in orbit. They'll beam us aboard once we leave the ionosphere. (Lillias releases Neelix.) If I'm not mistaken, it sounds like you know a thing or two about tethers too. Good. We could use someone with metallurgical knowledge. Let's get to work. Have faith, Mister Vulcan. We'll be tether-borne in no time. [Engineering] (Chakotay is tapping at the rock with a geologist's hammer.) I, I think so. Bypass is holding. Congratulations, Mister Vulcan. We've done it! Then let's get started. I'll go check on the oxygen supply. (He goes up a few steps.) How's it coming, Lillias? Maybe I can help. Let's see. Ah ha! You need to recalibrate the pressure valve, like this. That should about do it. We're going to need a name. For the mag-lev carriage. Whenever we finished building a tether on Rinax, we named the carriage for good luck. Any suggestions? How about Alixia? My favourite sister. She was always taking me out to explore. She showed me the Caves of Touth, the equatorial dust shrouds. Once she even took me hunting for arctic spiders. Whenever I think of her, I think of adventure. And this is an adventure she would appreciate. What do you think? She was killed when I was a young man, in a war on my home world. My entire family was lost. I still see each of them. Every night before I go to sleep, I recall their faces and share something about my day with each of them. Tonight I'm going to have quite a lot to tell them. (Lillias hands him a water bottle.) Thank you. When we get back to Voyager, I'll ask my Captain to help you find her. Excuse me. (Neelix goes back down.) Yes, sir! What do you mean? I'm just trying to cheer everyone up a little. Sorry, sir. I'll finish as fast as I can. [Tether control room] Doctor Vatm! What are you doing? Doctor Vatm! Please stop! The tether's base hasn't been secured. If he launches now he'll destabilise the entire cavern. (And to prove it, rocks begin to fall.) It's too late. The cabin support structure is collapsing. We've got to get out of here. I think so. Hang on. (The carriage rises up the tether, but it is shaking.) Velocity, thirty kilometres per hour. Internal atmospheric pressure, seven hundred millibars. Altitude, eight hundred metres and climbing. All right, we have to stabilise that right away, otherwise we'll go into free-fall. Hold on, hold on, I'm thinking. Velocity. Let's try increasing the velocity. It should stabilise our ascent. See if you can increase power to the tether couplings. (Something goes Bang! near the oxygen regenerators.) Stand by. I'm going to try giving her a little more speed. (The shaking stops.) Velocity, forty seven kilometres per hour and holding. We're all right. Good girl, Alixia. I knew you could do it. I named the carriage after my sister. We'll have to find a way of increasing output to the other converter, otherwise we'll run out of air about half way up. I'd say they were pretty good. We did leave ahead of schedule, and that could cause a few glitches along the way. I wasn't able to get the auto-ascent sequencer back online. That means I'll have to keep controlling the ascent manually. And there is the problem of maintaining atmospheric pressure. I'm already beginning to detect a few fissures in the hull. Containment grid. Containment grid. Er, I'm not quite sure. I did! I did! Sort of. They weren't exactly what you might call working carriages. They were more like prototypes. All right, they were models. One tenth scale. But they were extremely detailed. Yes, but they were basically identical to real mag-lev carriages. Same principles, same mechanical components. I was planning to familiarise myself with all the systems on this carriage. I just didn't plan on leaving ahead of schedule. But don't worry, I've got everything under control. How is everybody? And you? Then if we can't fix this air supply, you may be the only one left to pilot this thing. I'd better start showing you how to use the ascent thrusters. They must be kept at a minimum temperature. Can you revive him? Lydroxide? That's the coolant used in the tether couplings. I think we should stop the carriage. Something Doctor Vatm said about getting up on the roof. Exactly. He was desperate enough to risk his own life. I think we should go up and find out what he was talking about. I don't know. I've got a funny feeling about this. You're not listening to what I'm saying. Delirious or not, he said he needed whatever's up there. What if it's something that can help us? You're going to listen to me! (Neelix stops the carriage.) I'll tell you who's being emotional. You! You hide it beneath that Vulcan calm but truth is, you're filled with contempt and sarcasm, and I'm tired of being the target of all your hostility. That's right! That's exactly what I'm talking about! You have no feelings for me, but you have feelings against me. For three years you've ridiculed me and made it obvious to everyone that you have no respect for me. And I've tolerated it. You know why? You know why? Because you are smarter than I am, Tuvok, and more logical, stronger, superior in almost every way. And I admire you. But you don't have any instincts, have any gut feelings, and you don't really understand people. But non-Vulcans have feelings and they have to listen to them, and I've got to listen to mine, And right now they're telling me we need to get up on that roof and find out what the Doctor was talking about. Fine! But I'm the only one who can pilot this vessel, and we're not going anywhere until someone goes up on that roof. All right, then. One of us needs to go outside. I'm willing to give it a You? It's strange, but I really like him. I just wish the feeling were mutual. [Mag-lev carriage roof] (Tuvok closes the hatch behind him and starts his search. He opens a small panel and finds a device hidden inside.) I'm glad you're all right. What? Don't mention it. I don't think I can do it. I can barely keep my eyes open. I'm glad to see your interpersonal skills are improving. You're learning how to motivate people. (Neelix totters to the controls and gets the carriage moving again.) Speed, forty five kilometres per hour. [Bridge] Mister Sklar returned to the surface. [Mess hall] (Neelix sits with Lillias.) I've just come from a staff briefing. The people who attacked your colonies, they call themselves the Etanian Order. Apparently they have a unique way of invading other worlds. First they create what appears to be a natural disaster, in your case an asteroid bombardment. Once the population has evacuated, they arrive and stake their claim. Exactly. From what we could tell, Doctor Vatm found out about the Etanian Order and was secretly collecting information about their starship technology. He also knew that one of your colonists was a traitor, helping the Etanians, feeding your government false information about the asteroids. But he didn't know that it was Sklar. He didn't know who to trust. Tell her I said hello. (Lillias kisses Neelix and leaves.) I'm honoured. And one day, Mister Vulcan, I'll get you to trust your gut. We'll see. You always have to get in that last word, don't you. Something tells me you just hate to lose an argument. See what I mean?
I, I think you both make valid points. Yes, it seems quite fascinating to see
So how did he get the ship past them? Well I for one am glad to have the young Ensign Kim back with us. Although I still say you should have kept some of those spots. I thought they were very distinguished.
Happy ninth, Kes. Go ahead, make a wish. Well, what are you waiting for? Blow out the candles. It's good to see that old lung is still working, Kessie. Well, you know, I haven't made one of these since, well, since I became security officer. You keep working on that sense of humour, Commander Vulcan. You'll get it one of these days. Jibelian fudge, your favourite. Some of us ought to be watching our calories, but after all, it is a special occasion. I'll get Kes and the baby to the Mess hall. Captain Chakotay wants you to go to the weapons array and modulate the targeting scanners to a parametric frequency. He's going to try to knock out the chroniton torpedo launchers before they're fired. Kes, we've got radiation leakage coming from one of the Krenim torpedo fragments. People are starting to complain of nausea. It's lodged in a Jefferies tube on deck eleven, section two. You can't. The entire deck is sealed off. You can't go near that thing. You'll be burnt to a crisp. Yes, but (Kes goes into the Jefferies tubes and forces her way into the breached section. The torpedo is pulsing and giving off a gas. She starts her tricorder. Finally it comes up with a number - Temporal Variance 1.47. Kes memorises it before she collapses.) [Sickbay - 2373] And I anticipate your first need will be me. But we discussed this. I, I, I'm sorry Captain. I didn't quite anticipate this. Sweeting, try to calm down. I assure you, Captain, she's never behaved this way before. Good point, Tuvok. Maybe I'll turn out to be Chief Security Officer. (Neelix clinks champagne glasses with Chakotay.)
Pleeka rinds and grub meal. Very tasty, if I do say so myself. Well you're perfectly free to use the replicators. Then, enjoy the casserole. (Torres is sitting, reading a PADD and sipping a drink.)
I'll adjust the environmental controls. Again. But I must ask you I'll take care of it right away, but I must ask you to go to our Engineering room. I believe you're urgently needed. We'll make sure you're comfortable. A security guard will escort you. I pulled a power cell and some relay circuits out of a food dispenser. And this little thing looks like some sort of capacitor. I'll get on it right away. Maybe if I take apart the sonic shower assembly.
You heard the man. Drop your weapons. Don't look so surprised, Commander. I know a winner when I see one. I'm with you. I couldn't help overhearing. You two are talking about the new holonovel. I tried sending an encoded message to Captain Janeway's shuttle to warn her about the mutiny. But Chakotay caught me, phasered me, and the programme reset. Next time, I'm going to pretend to go along with the conspirators and then stage a counterstrike. I heard about it from the Doctor. Don't worry about me. My lips are sealed. Any luck? Me neither. I've discreetly questioned everybody I thought I could trust. Either nobody knows or nobody's talking. Not to mention talent. What a story! How about a fresh pot of coffee to keep those creative juices flowing, eh? While I'm here. Of course not. I would never presume to interfere in the creative process. It's more of a comment, really, about the Neelix character. I've got a great idea for a holonovel about a daring trader who becomes a cook on a starship. Eventually, he rises
No problem, sir. I'm working on a plan to extend our food and replicator rations. But the Borg aren't exactly known for their diplomacy. How can we expect them to cooperate with us? What is the alternative?
I put a bottle away for a special occasion. Remember when we last sipped this together? And do you remember the toast I made? To the adventure. When you left Ocampa, you said that your people were being held beck. That if you were only given the chance you could become something so much more. And you have. I was only holding you back. That's obvious to me now. My cooking. You've always hated my cooking. Ah. So, tell me more about what's happening to you. What does it all mean? It sounds ah, sper, ah, interesting. Er, Kes. Kes, stop!
