I'm Doctor Neria, the chief thanatologist of this facility. I see. What race are you from? Dead? Rest, Hatil. There's no need for concern. May I speak to you privately, Ensign Harry? We are the Vhnori and this is our homeworld. There are no rings around our world. Where you are now is in the world of the living. Where you came from was another dimension. Yes. You returned from the Next Emanation. The afterlife. [Sickbay] That's right. Her name was Ptera. She was dying of a tumourous lesion to her midbrain. No, of course not. She didn't die until the cenotaph was activated. That's the purpose of the cenotaph. It terminates a person's life just before the appearance of a spectral rupture and then it allows their body to be taken to the Next Emanation. Well, I can show you. (Neria calls up a schematic on a monitor.) No, they're natural occurrences, once every six hours. This entire complex was built on this site because a spectral rupture occurs here. There are thousands of such sites on our world. Forgive my curiosity, Harry, but, you are the first person ever to come back from the afterlife. I have quite a few questions. You said that you saw dead bodies? Are you saying that when we die we go to some asteroid and decompose? These bodies, did you perform any kind of bioscans on them? Was there any specific medical data that you can remember? I would like to start a complete bioanalysis as soon as possible. If you'll just follow Doctor Renora. You're not going anywhere. You are our first glimpse into what lies beyond death. We are not going to let this opportunity pass us by. [Bridge] We want to make a more detailed scan of your microcellular structures and a complete examination of your neurochemistry. This facility isn't equipped for such a detailed bioanalysis. The complex at Paffran has everything we need. That's not possible. We don't even understand how you got here. There's no time for that. Word about you has spread very quickly, Harry, not only in the scientific world, but in the community at large. There are many people who are very nervous about what you represent. Some even see you as a threat to their beliefs about the afterlife. We need to take you to a more secure location. It's for your own protection. I'm sorry, Harry. It's out of my control. (Neria leaves. Kim turns to Hatil, who is wrapping himself in mummy bandages.) We're joined here today to bid farewell to our dear friend Hatil Garan. We salute not only his life, but the manner in which he has chosen to end it. He makes a noble sacrifice today that his family may have a better tomorrow. We prepare to send him on to the Next Emanation [Inside the cenotaph] (Kim pulls the bandages from his head.) With the full knowledge and faith that the life he will find there is better than the one here, that he will no longer be hampered by his infirmity and that we will come to understand the cosmos [Cenotaph room]  In a way that he could never have imagined.
