There's virtually no crime left in our society. It took many years, but just walk through our streets, look around. Violence no longer exists. I'm one of the last officers still working for the Constabulary. Under one condition: I want to see Voyager. Learn about your Wonderful Whatever you prefer. In what sense? I see. I'm surprised that one of your people could be capable of doing something serious enough to warrant imprisonment. Forgive me, Tuvok, but it seems barbaric. People were shocked. Violence is almost unheard of here. But when it does occur, we like to investigate thoroughly. Yes. I would like you, Mister Neelix and Lieutenant Torres to answer some questions. No, Lieutenant. I'm simply conducting an investigation. Please, follow me.  [Chief Examiner's office]  Yes. How long had you been in the market place when the attack occurred? And exactly where were you standing? From where you were, did you have a clear view of the attack? What exactly brought you to the market in the first place? For what purpose? I see. And the two men involved in the altercation. Had you seen either of them before? Bumped into her? Are you certain? When exactly did this happen? Do you recall what you were thinking at the time? Please, try to remember. It may be important. Are you sure that's all, Mister Neelix? Can you be more specific? Did you call him an idiot? But you thought it? Did you also think about retaliating? But you said he hurt you. It didn't occur to you to hurt him back? But you thought about it. Yes or no. Did you think about hurting him? Yes or no? Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres, you are under arrest. Aggravated violent thought resulting in grave bodily harm. (Later -) Yes. I assure you, it's quite necessary. We were once a society plagued by violence. When we prohibited hostile thought, crime began to drop immediately. Over the past three generations, it's all but disappeared. It's an irrefutable fact that violent thoughts from others can lead to violent actions. Which he only did because he telepathically received that thought from B'Elanna. His mind was contaminated by the image and it resulted in a loss of control. He may have committed the physical act, but it was instigated by you. And here, people are responsible for their own thoughts. I'm sure you can understand how that's necessary for a race of telepaths. The Mari no longer have violent thoughts. It's unlikely any of them could have been responsible. Besides, the evidence against B'Elanna is clear. She thought about committing a hostile act. Certainly. But I'm afraid you'll be disappointed. We have an enlightened penal system here. Unlike some, we don't lock people away to punish them. You'll be released. Once you've undergone the engrammatic purge. It's a medical procedure that will identify and remove the offending images from your mind. Once identified, the images can be removed from Frane's mind as well. There is a risk of neurological damage, but it's necessary for us to treat Frane. It'll take us about a day to reconfigure our instruments. That's all the time I can give you.  New evidence. True. But those thoughts were purged each time. He spent years in neurogenic restructuring. The records also say he was cured. Possible, but unlikely. Our engrammatic scans of Frane show that Lieutenant Torres' thought was prevalent in his mind during the attack. I'm beginning to feel like I'm the one being investigated. I do. And I'm willing to share my findings with you. But if you're trying to prove your crewmate's innocence, you're too late. The case is closed. Do you think that this is easy for me? I don't want to harm B'Elanna, but I don't have a choice. That thought has to be contained, otherwise we risk further violence, maybe even a city wide panic. You told me your people spent centuries learning how to control their violent impulses. I know we haven't achieved your level of discipline, but we're trying. I thought you'd understand. Go right ahead. But I intend to proceed with the engrammatic purge.  [Market place] I just finished interviewing the old woman. She attacked the victim in response to the same violent thought that motivated the previous beating. I don't know. That's why I'm here. I need your help. Thank you. I don't know why that thought is still contaminating people, but I have got to put a stop to it. I've never dealt with a murder before, but you've had experience with homicide investigations. I thought I would start by tracing the old woman's whereabouts for the past few days to see where she might have encountered the thought. I'll arrange it immediately.  [Chief Examiner's office] I'm afraid not. I can't allow that. We can't risk further violations of our laws. There's nothing more to discuss. Lieutenant Torres will be purged, then returned to you. The decision's been made. I'm sorry.  [Chief Examiner's office] B'Elanna, please. Try to relax. Sedate her. Proceed.(The engrammatic purge begins.)  [Covered walkway]  Increase the electrochemical displacement, but be very careful with the synaptic potentials. One miscalculation and we could permanently damage her cerebral cortex. Nimira. Relay her signal. What is it, Captain? Guill, the merchant? What possible involvement could he have? It was Frane who acted on the violent thought. I don't understand. I can't believe that. Why would peaceful men like Guill and Frane want to subject themselves to such hostile images? Why would any of my people want to indulge in that kind of behaviour? Even if I believed you, I'm not sure anyone else would. Where is he now?
