 Temporal incursion is complete. All organisms and man-made objects have been eradicated. Negative. Negative target event. I don't understand, sir. We spent months making these calculations. Sir, you were correct. The Zahl homeworld was the focal point. Its erasure has produced a complete temporal restoration. Yes, sir. Sir? My apologies. The Krenim Imperium has been restored to power. Our territory now includes eight hundred and forty nine inhabited worlds spanning five thousand parsecs. Negligible. No superior enemy forces, no unexpected diseases. Calculations indicate a ninety eight percent restoration. Our race is thriving once again. No, sir. In this timeline the Imperium does not extend that far. (Annorax puts down the pyramid.) Sir, we have just accomplished the impossible. A ninety eight percent restoration. Another incursion, even a minor one, could undermine everything. We should dismantle this weapon and rejoin our people. You said yourself our task will never be complete. Please. We should be satisfied with what we have accomplished. For two hundred years, we have never come this close. If I may speak my thoughts. Many among the crew are convinced that you have lost your objectivity. They think your quest for precision is unrealistic. Sir, we will never restore one hundred percent of what we had. We can manipulate the time continuum for another ten centuries. It will never happen. Perfectly. Of course, sir. Day 32 [Bridge] (Small pieces of debris littler the deck.)  We are within range of the Garenor homeworld. Targeting the focal point. Ready. Temporal incursion in progress. Diminishing. None so far. Organisms and structures are being eradicated. Yes, sir. [Bridge]  Something went wrong. The entire Krenim Imperium, it's reverted to a pre-warp state. I may have an explanation. There's an anomalous temporal reading twenty light years from here. It's coming from a vessel. Component zero four nine beta. A ship called Voyager. But it is. And it was enough to throw off our calculations.  Scanning the vessel. Their defensive shielding is generating a level nine temporal disruption. Yes, sir. Your end game sequence, it, er, it was the same one favoured by my brother. I used to honour the day of his birth. My brother. And my parents, my closest friends. Every year at first. Then one day I realised a century had passed, and for years I had been celebrating birthdays for the dead. Or for people who never even existed. We're within range of their homeworld. Targeting the focal point. Locked. Diminishing. None so far. Yes, sir. Sir, we've achieved a fifty two percent restoration. Negative, sir. Yes, sir. (Obrist leaves.)  Sir, six vessels are approaching our position. Three Nihydron warships, two Mawasi cruisers, and Voyager. No damage. Temporal core is stable. I'm sorry, sir. It's over. (Obrist beams Chakotay and Paris away.)  Conventional weapons are online and fully charged, sir. Sir, weapons are back to full capacity.
