A pile of bones. Impressive. And that planet is the long lost world of the Distant Origin theory? Let's talk about your discovery. I enjoyed the colourful tale of how you found these remains. It says here that you paid a substantial sum for their location. Have you considered you were the victim of a hoax? Professor Gegen, have you considered the wider implication of your theory? By challenging Doctrine, you're suggesting that everything we believe about ourselves, our history, our ancient and rightful claim over this region of space, the authority of this Ministry itself, is a lie. Re-evaluated. We will consider your request for an expedition. (The Elders leaves.)  Professor Forra Gegen, you are accused of heresy against Doctrine. Do you wish to retract your claims regarding the Distant Origin theory? Then we will proceed. Three months ago you circulated a study criticising what you call resistance to truth, once again disputing Doctrine. You didn't have to. Your meaning was clear. For nearly a decade, you've used the Distant Origin theory to attack and undermine the guiding principles of our society. My point exactly. Your disregard for the effects of your casual theorising is why you stand accused. You are reckless and irresponsible, and you are a destructive influence to our society. But it is not too late for you to redress the damage you have done. Disavow your claims, acknowledge your mistakes and this Ministry will show you leniency. Proof. Really. Our scientists have analysed your data. Their conclusion? These creatures are not related to us at all. The genetic similarities are a result of random convergence, nothing more. We have. The data is not in question. Your interpretation is. Professor Gegen, I don't want to be here any more than you do, and frankly I would prefer not to be responsible for disgracing one of our most venerable scientists. All I ask is that you admit the possibility that your interpretation is wrong. Will you at least do that? There are those who disagree. (Veer is summoned.) Tova Veer, you are an accomplished young scientist. You were initiated into the Circle of Archeology with the highest of honours. And you have been Professor Gegen's assistant for six years. You are familiar, intimately involved with all of your mentor's research regarding the so-called Distant Origin theory? In your expert evaluation, what is the validity of the Professor's analysis. You're saying you and Gegen were mistaken? Enthusiasm and passion are never wrong, Veer. Your only mistake was allowing them to distort your judgment. You may go. Professor Gegen, I will ask you again. Could you be mistaken? Could you be mistaken! Respond to the question! Your true scales are finally showing. We are not immigrants! I will not deny twenty million years of history and Doctrine just because one insignificant Saurian has a theory. One last time. Could you be mistaken? What? I am not on trial here. What do you mean? When I open my eyes to this theory, what I see appalls me. I see my race fleeing your wretched planet, a group of pathetic refugees crawling and scratching their way across the galaxy, stumbling into this domain. I see a race with no birthright, no legacy. That is unacceptable. Do you retract your claims? Very well. It is my judgment that you will suffer the consequences of your obstinacy. Gegen, you are guilty of heresy against Doctrine, and will be placed on a detention colony. For as long as you breathe you will neither teach or engage in research. Your life as a scientist has ended. Chakotay of the Voyager starship. You, your captain and her crew will join Professor Gegen. You will spend the remainder of your lives on a detention colony. Your ship will be destroyed. You will surrender your vessel immediately and inform your crew that this judgment will be Are you offering me an alternative? You are prepared to refute your work publicly before the Circles of Science? You will then be assigned to another area of research. Surely paleontology has become tiresome to you after so many years. Perhaps metallurgical analysis would be a more rewarding vocation for you. I am not unreasonable. You were drawn into this situation through no fault of your own. You are to be returned to your ship, where you will set course away from our territory. It would be in your best interest if I never saw you again. [Gegen's Research Vessel]
