We are Borg. State our designation. Insufficient. Insufficient. We are Borg. Seven of Nine. Seven of Nine. State our designation. I will comply. Daily log, Seven of Nine. I've activated the drone's linguistic database. It is now capable of assimilating information. A direct neural link is too dangerous, so I've decided to use Borg datanodes. [Engineering] We are Borg. State our designation. We do not understand. We do not understand. (Seven uses a small control panel on his arm to activate the tubules. Information flows into the drone and his face lights up with wonder and understanding.) Your designation is Seven of Nine. Your designation is Neelix, Talaxian. This is a laboratory on a vessel. I am travelling through interstellar space. Why? I am an explorer. We are Borg. Individual. My thoughts are my own. I wish to assimilate more information.  Duranium hull. Plasma based power distribution. Tricylic life support systems. Artificial gravity plating. Human, female. She was frightened by me. I detected an elevation in her pheromonal response. Were people afraid of you as well? Do they fear me because I am Borg? I want to know more about the Collective. Tell me about the Borg. I do not have a name. Seven of Nine tells me my designation is irrelevant. One. You are the Emergency Medical Hologram. I will comply. My central nervous system is regulated by your mobile emitter. Your mobile emitter is more advanced than these diagnostic tools. I am an advanced form of life. I am unique. Describe my origins. I wish to hear it. I wish to hear the story. Now. I was an accident. Am I unwelcome here? Joke. A verbal comment or gesture designed to provoke laughter. Warp core. Fuelled by a matter - antimatter reaction which produces a maximum output of four thousand terradynes per second, providing power for faster than light propulsion. Volatile. English adjective meaning readily vaporisable at low temperature. Easily aroused. Tending to violent eruption. If you apply a multispatial algorithm it will accurately predict the rate of expansion. I can demonstrate.  Greetings. Our designation, my designation is One. How are you today? Well. Thank you, Captain Janeway. Yes. To date I've assimilated forty seven billion terraquads of information on a vast variety of subjects, including particle physics, comparative humanoid anatomy, warp field theory, and the culinary delights of the Delta quadrant. Is your assessment of me complete? Am I sufficient? With your permission, I would like to be excused. I've agreed to assist Lieutenant Torres. She wishes to increase the efficiency of the Bussard collectors.  Deck eight, section four. Cargo Bay two. Used for the storage of spare components and surplus materials. I wish to assimilate more information. Then expectations were insufficient. Thank you? This technology does not conform with Starfleet parameters. I am Borg. This technology is Borg. I wish to assimilate all available data pertaining to the Borg. Seven of Nine. Thank you. No. You deactivated my transceiver two days ago. The Borg? I wish to meet them. The Borg have assimilated thousands of species. What becomes of those species? I wish to experience the hive mind. And that is undesirable? You were assimilated. When you were in the Collective you assimilated others. You call the Borg destructive. Seven of Nine is not. Seven of Nine, do you wish to rejoin the Collective? I will need time to assimilate this information.  Seven of Nine, I'm detecting irregularities in my autonomic nervous system. Cardiovascular excitation, vaeso-constriction. Anxiety. A state of apprehension caused by fear. Are you experiencing anxiety as well? Because they fear assimilation? Seven of Nine. What will happen now? Will Voyager be destroyed? Resistance is futile. Long-range tactical vessel. Transwarp capability. Ablative hull armour. I can hear them in my mind. (Whumph!) The Collective is calling to me. Yes. Enhancements complete. You may fire. (But the phaser pulse travels back to Voyager.) Your technology is limited. I cannot enhance it further. I must interface with the Collective. I can disrupt their vessel from within. They will fail. That won't be necessary. (One beams himself away.) My technology is superior. Stop your attack or I will destroy you. The sphere? While I was linked to the Borg I could hear their thoughts, their objectives. They are aware of my existence. They will pursue me. No. I should not exist. I was an accident. A random convergence of technologies. I was never meant to be. As long as I exist, you are in danger. All life on Voyager is in danger. I will not. You will adapt. (One dies.)
