Take him inside. (Chakotay is dragged away, and his hand phaser retrieved.) [Bunker] (Chakotay wakes up face down on a bed. He has nasty bruises on the right side of his forehead. A woman with long blonde hair speaks.) It was like waking up from a long nightmare. We took what we thought we could use and transported ourselves here. Our original skin pigmentation began to come back. Many of us were able to remove our Borg appendages. The fighting, the raids. Riley is telling the truth, Commander Chakotay. Look at me. I was Romulan. I was taught to hate humans, the Federation. But Riley and I are friends now. I'm part of the cooperative. I think right now it's Commander Chakotay who needs our help. Captain's log, supplemental. We've detected a message buoy launched from Chakotay's shuttle and are heading toward it. The autopsy of the Borg corpse is underway. [Sickbay] You know better than anyone how limited our medical resources are. As far as I'm concerned, there is only one option. As I'm sure you're aware, the Borg collective consciousness is extremely powerful. It allowed us to transfer information instantaneously, to think with one mind. But what you may not be aware of is the link also has inherent medical applications. We were connected by a continuous neuroelectrical field that was capable of regenerating the damaged components of an injured Borg. This process was often successful in healing both organic and inorganic body parts. But we can reinitiate it among a small group for a short time. We could generate a neuroelectric field that could heal your injuries. We'd be in complete control. You'd simply be linked for a limited period of time to Riley, me, and a few of the others in our group willing to help you. That wouldn't be necessary. I'd simply attach a small neural transceiver to the base of your skull. We'd initiate the link and your transceiver could be removed as soon as the procedure was over. I assure you, other than repairing neural tissue, there would be no lasting effects. I'm afraid that help may come too late, Commander. If we don't do something to slow the neural degradation immediately, you will die. (Later, a small group has gathered at Chakotay's bedside.) This is the neurotransceiver. (He places the small device at the back of Chakotay's head.) Commander, I just wanted to say how grateful to you we all are. But you've added so much to the cooperative. A renewed sense of hope, an infusion of energy. You have no idea how invigorating it was to have a new mind in the link, even if it was only for a short time. There have been so few of us for so long, I. Well, I'll let you two get back to work. Riley! Commander Chakotay! We've detected a ship in orbit. It must be Voyager.
