Trying to undo the damage you caused. Your people sent the probe, didn't they? They did a little more than that. Am I your prisoner? You can? In exchange for what? I have a wife, friends. I was aboard your shuttle looking for technology that might help us neutralise the radiation. Those missiles were built for defence. They were never launched. A containment failure in our power grid. Once the antimatter was released, it destroyed everything. Before the probe, my people never conceived of anything like antimatter. We offer this information freely with the hope that one day we will stand on your soil and extend our hands in friendship. I'm sure you recognise those words. Your people sent us technology that they knew would destroy us. We didn't either at first. But we had decades to think about it, and now it seems so obvious. You send us new technology, encourage us to use it, and then you wait for us to obliterate ourselves. Because it's easier than invading us. I'm a scientist. I believe what I see. And today I saw your people standing on our soil just as you promised, and they were wearing equipment that protected them from the radiation because they knew exactly what to expect. If you were in my position, what would you believe? [Cave] Nanoprobes? You said you extracted them. From where? Nanoprobes, cybernetic implants. Are others on your crew like you? You certainly are. (Janeway comes in from the lab.) All my life. I can breathe more easily. It's incredible. If we could manufacture more of these, we might be able to treat everyone. Did you expect him to cooperate? To you, maybe. But you haven't lived like we have. You can't deny your people sent the probe. Even if I believed you, Verin never would. I'm not a leader.  I've adjusted the radiation levels to match the conditions on the surface. Watch. An isolitic chain reaction. It recombines the nucleonic particles in the atmosphere. (The gas goes sparkly red then clear.) Captain, an isolitic reaction of that magnitude would expand exponentially. Your ship might not survive. And they can give us enough medicine to treat everyone. They're offering to help, and this time no one's coercing them. They only wanted to rescue their hostages. You're being irrational. Understood. Good luck. [Bridge] It's only the shockwave from the detonations. [Bridge] What are you doing?  You can't launch those missiles. And we're grateful for that. But survival isn't enough anymore. If I have to be. Bring him. [Planet surface] (The clouds lighten and clear, and sunlight breaks through.)
