What category did I assign that vessel? Correct. And what was my justification for that decision? Then why are you wasting our resources? And observe the interior one molecule at a time? There are other potential targets that must be surveyed. We could be detected. They may not like being spied upon. Unacceptable risk. Do you have something you'd like to say? The Hierarchy cannot be bothered with every ill-conceived notion that you (The response arrives.) Voyager? Elaborate. No backup vessel? No one to contact for help? From monitoring one individual? Unlikely. How so? Why aren't you monitoring him now? Maintain your surveillance. [Sickbay] There are no reports of Borg in this region. Did you check for debris? Continue. The Hierarchy approves. Prepare for a stealth assault, type three. Scan for Borg. We don't want any last minute surprises. Or mistakes. [Corridor]  What's the status? Two assault vessels are on course to join us. Accurate information is essential. Clarify. Your survey indicated large quantities of both. We've already committed substantial resources to mounting this assault. Were you mistaken? If our boarding party doesn't find Voyager exactly as you've described it, the Hierarchy will be informed. Then we'll proceed. (The Overlooker walks away.)  Why isn't there any hull damage from the Borg attack? So quickly? Hmm. Prepare for type four assault. What I think doesn't matter. Your long range surveillance indicated an attack by Borg. On closer inspection, that appears to be doubtful. Your report on this vessel could be mistaken. I think caution is in order. The Hierarchy agrees. Proceed to type four. [Bridge] (The newly configured Emergency Command Hologram enters from the turbolift with Kim.) Huh? An exchange of fire would damage both of our ships, But we have support nearby. You are alone. Take your weapons offline and prepare to be boa This is my final warning. Take your weapons offline immediately. I won't ask again. Prepare to be boarded. My sensors are showing no activation sequence. The Hierarchy suggests retreat. (Phlox heaves a great sigh of relief.) [Bridge]
