Yes, ma'am. Captain! (Then Tuvok is in pain as well. Kim is getting burns on his hands.) KIM: Oh, god. (The pain strikes Janeway and Chakotay.) And how long will this be for? I assume that we've explored all the alternatives?  If I have to take a nap for a month, I really would rather do it in my quarters. What if we had to get out in a hurry? Why do they have to design these things like coffins? Seven, help me, Seven. (Trajis has vanished. Seven runs and sees a shadow turning a corner.) Seven, help me. Seven, help.(Paris and Kim on on the upper level. She climbs the ladder, leaving the rifle behind.)[Engineering upper level](When she gets there, she sees them burst into flames. Not real. She goes to a console.) I'm taking bets on how long she'll last. Place your bets. Anyone think she can do it? What do you think she'll do? I win. I knew she didn't care about them. [Corridor] Why does that make me nervous? Not in my stomach. Food and mystery don't go together. I like to know what I'm eating. Sure. Have a seat. Well, after a month with only the Doc for company, I can understand it. Yeah, just think, we could've died in those coffins. I just don't like closed places. I never have. I don't know why.
Paris here. One more orbit and I should have all the data we need. My primary warp manifold just ruptured. I've lost helm control. Auxiliary power is offline. Thruster's won't respond. My orbit's decaying. I don't think I can hold it. I need an emergency beam-out! I think you forgot something, Tuvok. (Tuvok looks down at his chocolate brown body.)TUVOK: It appears that in my haste to report to the bridge, I neglected to put on my uniform.(Tuvok goes into the turbolift, where he sees an alien with a high crest along its skull and a curved tooth sticking out of its chin.) [Mess hall] Not really. What are you doing here? Breakfast. What time is it? And we were supposed to meet at oh seven hundred. I, er, I didn't hear you. I was having this wild nightmare. I was out like a light. I'm sorry. I'll get dressed right now. I hate this! We never see each other. Great. Let's go skiing. How about Saint Moritz? And you loved it. You're getting really good, you know. There's nothing to do there. How about a compromise? Er, spring skiing in Chile? Much warmer. Tahiti. As long as I can go water-skiing, fine. I'll see you Friday night. [Mess hall] Just a cup of coffee. Neelix. Neelix, did you have a rough night or something? Because you just poured me a steaming cup of cooking oil. Oh. Me too. Maybe you should pour yourself a cup while you're at it. [Bridge] Sorry I'm late, Captain. I don't mean to be eavesdropping but, I had a nightmare last night too, and I'm pretty sure I saw the same guy. That's closer. So is he just a figment of our imagination? So where do we look? That happened to me once. I dreamt I was falling and suddenly I realised that I was dreaming, and I could fly, land, do whatever I wanted. I was in complete control of the dream. Aye, Captain. Course laid it. Do you mind if I ask where we're heading? And the rest of us can finally get some sleep.  They're coming around for another pass. Not to mention lure us into an ambush. I managed to open a Jefferies tube hatch. We just finished a little late night hoverball on the holodeck. Speak for yourself. I would kill for a good night's sleep. (Tuvok enters, yawning.)
Come on, Tuvok, tell us. In that case, how wise are you? Saved by the bell. I'm reading multiple hull configurations. It's a junkyard. Congratulations, Tuvok. You just saved us from a flotilla of hostile trash. Wait. What's that? Grid forty nine alpha. Oh, she's beautiful. Are you kidding? Look at those lines. It's a work of art. That ship wasn't assembled, it was sculpted. I think I'm in love. [Briefing room] Chakotay, this ship is a diamond in the rough. Sure, it's got some scrapes and scratches, but, here, take a look at these systems. It has a neurogenic interface that allows it to react directly to the pilot's thoughts. That gives it the potential of being quicker and more manoeuvrable than anything we've got, including the Delta Flyer. No, absolutely not. Even B'Elanna thinks restoring this ship is worthwhile. No, I'll do all the work myself. On my own time. And if I need a hand, Harry's offered to help. My jukebox. You won't. [Corridor] Understood. Sounds like you're sorry to let her go. I'm your man. Oh, come on, Alice, how about it? Give us a break. Well, I've got to call her something. Alice Battisti was the Lost Cause. I knew her back at the Academy. She was smart, sexy, but she wouldn't give me the time of day. I've got a pulse. As Seven would say, an efficient design. The main computer's coming online. Probably rolled the odometer back, too. Let's see what this It's kind of hard to describe. I'm tapped into all the primary See if you can reconfigure the power distribution grid. Come on, we can still get a couple more hours in. All right, you win. Good night, Alice. See you in the morning. (They leave the shuttlebay. The little ship powers up.) Good night, Alice. See you in the morning. See you in the morning. (It displays a scan of Paris' brain.) B'Elanna?(He leaves his quarters.) [Corridor] ALICE  Who are you?  Sorry, you're going to have to trust me on this. You'll be a lot happier if we can bypass the EPS relays. Yeah. Alice. She's being very stubborn today. No matter what I do, I can't get her to bring her propulsion systems online. This is a flight suit design I found in Alice's database. Something her last pilot used to wear. Oh, The Web of Pain. I completely forgot. Now's not a great time. How about tomorrow?. Sorry, Harry. Alice needs me. Give the queen my regards. Okay. [Mess hall] Neelix, I need one bottle of champagne, if you don't mind. No, I'm christening Alice. Oh no, don't bother. This is a private ceremony. Just me and B'Elanna. Oh yes, of course. No, don't tell me. Love at first sight. You pack the picnic basket, I'll bring the deuterium. [Corridor] Well, don't be too critical, she's a long way from finished. Is that a trick question? Okay, ready? [Shuttlebay]  Well? Yeah, most of it isn't. I've replaced the impulse reactor, navigational array, er, plasma manifolds. The list goes on and on. Just a few more repairs, and she'll be spaceworthy. Care to do the honours? You have a point. [Alice] To Alice. A couple of days, if I can round up all the parts I need. You want to come with me? It'll be a tight squeeze. Hold on. It's these environmental controls. They need recalibrating. Alice, lower the ambient temperature. Five degrees should do it. It came with the ship. Are you jealous? When Alice lets me sleep. That's how Alice likes it. No, don't touch that. Well, thanks, but we're fine. Yeah, but she's my ship. Okay. I'll see you later. Oh, sorry. I need to fix that. [Chakotay's office] They're just lying around Cargo Bay two. Okay, what if I just replicated some? A few weeks? What am I supposed to do until then? Yeah, you're right. I guess I have been overdoing it. No, I'm fine. I just haven't been getting enough sleep. Yeah. Good idea. Yes, sir.  Sorry, Alice, we'll have to put the test flight on hold. All we need is a few lousy spare parts, but to listen to Chakotay you'd think Voyager would grind to a halt without them. (A brunette in the same style of flight suit is leaning against Alice's hull.) Well, he gave me a direct order. I'm already an Ensign. You want to see me busted down to Cadet? Well, I'm afraid I have to get back into uniform. Protocol. Leave Voyager? It's very tempting, Alice, but I can't just take off. My job, for one thing. My friends. B'Elanna. Look, maybe we can make the test flight in a few weeks. And if it goes well, I'm sure the Captain will assign us on missions together. But I can't leave Voyager. Yeah, I think I do. What are these? This is the last power cell, then we'll just need the data module from section beta twelve. Oh, these relays are just tricky, that's all. Well, it's just, we're compromising vital systems. If there's an emergency, Voyager's going to need them. I've spent the last six years with these people. They're like my family. Yeah, maybe you're right. Dad took me up in an old S class shuttle. Two seats, no warp drive, manual helm controls. I was eight years old and I was scared out of my wits. No, not at first. But then came this moment of clarity, when suddenly everything made sense. I was flying. No matter how many starships I've piloted since then, I'm still chasing that feeling. I was just passing by. I guess curiosity got the best of me. Oh, that. No, I was just taking a peek at what's ahead of us. All yours. Adapted, actually. I made a few tweaks to enhance Alice's neurogenic interface. You know, the merging of man and machine. I ran diagnostics of every system on board that ship. There's nothing to worry about. It's nice of you to offer, but it's really not necessary. I have to get back to work. [Engineering] B'Elanna, what are you doing here?  What the hell happened in there? That's ridiculous. You must have accidentally tripped environmental controls. What else could it have been? Are you saying that this was my fault? A few spare parts. You're overreacting. Where are you going? Wait. Listen to me! Stay out of this, B'Elanna! What were you thinking? You could have killed her! What is that supposed to mean? Well, maybe it's time they did. Watch me. (Alice appears ahead of him.) Get away from me. You should have thought of that before you tried to kill B'Elanna. [Turbolift]  Sickbay. I was wrong. It's over, Alice. One way or the other, I'm getting the hell away from you. Argh! What are you doing to me? No! Argh! Deck ten. Shuttlebay. [Ready room]  They're trying to tractor us. I can't. How? We can disrupt their tractor beam with an optronic pulse.  I'm with Alice now, Captain. Let us go. [Bridge] How? That's one of my favourite myths. But you left out the part where Icarus flew too close to the sun and his wings melted. (There are a lot more cables now attaching Paris to Alice.) My arms. They feel numb. Yes. What is it? (It is the particle fountain.) Keep your distance, Captain, or we'll open fire. I'll have you home in just a few minutes. Where's Alice?  You don't understand. This is what I've always dreamed of. Alice needs me. I can't think. Leave me alone, both of you. No! No! [Bridge] I'm sorry. For everything. But I remember all of it. Everything I said, everything I did. It was like I was sleepwalking. Yeah. Thanks for being my alarm clock. From now on, I promise no more affairs with strange ships. We're just friends. (They kiss.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Well, they brought people back to the theatres. The lost art of hyperbole. You ready? Let's get this show on the road. Computer, begin Chapter Eighteen. Imagising. Not a chance. Release Miss Goodheart and we'll be on our way. Brace for impact. Steering jets are on the fritz.(The periscope reveals a range of mountains dead ahead.) The landing gear is jammed. Hang on!  (They get shaken about a bit.) Welcome to Planet X. This is the part where we defeat Chaotica's soldiers, steal their uniforms, and make our way through the underground caverns. After we infiltrate the Fortress of Doom, we'll free Chaotica's harem. Let's go. The Mines of Mercury. Sets were expensive. At least there's no erupting volcano this time. Ah, behold the Fortress of Doom. I told you. The un I did. Definitely not Chaotica. Paris to bridge. Bridge, respond. There's an access port in the rocket ship. Come on. [Bridge] We don't have time for this.  It's no use. I can't disengage the programme. Hold on. I've got access to the transporter. I'm going to try a site to site. Maybe we should just get out and push. We're moving. Two metres per second. Three metres. Nine metres. Ten. Twenty five metres per second. Wait a minute, we're slowing down. Nineteen metres per second, eighteen. We've stopped. Proton? Yes, ma'am. [Holodeck - Planet X] Believe me, it wasn't like this when I left. I must have missed a few chapters. No kidding. (They find Constance.) PARIS: She's dead. Constance Goodheart, my secretary. This doesn't make sense. She isn't supposed to die. She's one of the good guys. A character from 1930s Hollywood. The good guys never get killed. Something's wrong here. Satan's Robot. Give me a hand. If we can repair his vocaliser he might be able to tell us what's been going on. It looks like he burned out a resister. That's a few centuries before duotronic circuitry. Well, first of all, I've gotta remove this damaged tube. No problem. Just a few crossed wires. Oh, thanks. Got it. ROBOT: Intruders. Intruders. Intruders. Intruder alert! Intruder alert! Tell us what happened. Hey, calm down. TUVOK: How did these invaders get here? A Fifth Dimension? There's not supposed to be alien invaders in this story. That's in Captain Proton versus the Cosmic Creature. Those subspace distortions. Take us to this portal. (It obeys.)ROBOT: There. (Weapons fire comes from four coloured distortions.) Wait. I want to check my rocket ship first. It's got sensors, sort of. Maybe they can tell us something Voyager's sensors can't. [Astrometrics lab] Telegram. It's a message to Captain Proton from the President of Earth. Intercepted communications between Doctor Chaotica and Arachnia. Stop. Chaotica at war with aliens from Fifth Dimension. Stop. Must strike now to disable Death Ray. Well, it looks like Chaotica has captured a couple of aliens from the Fifth Dimension. Could be. Maybe they wandered into the holodeck through one of those distortions. It was a simpler time. (An alien enters.) I don't recognise him. Quiet! Look there's been a misunderstanding. I'm Ensign Paris from the Starship Voyager. This is Lieutenant Tuvok. We haven't killed anyone. Maybe we can help you adjust your sensors. We're as real as you are. Listen. Wait. Wait! Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. His Army of Evil. We've tried, but they don't believe us. They think that we're not real. They can't detect Voyager, so every time they scan us we seem as artificial to them as holographic characters do to us. In the meantime, I think we should let the programme play out. No, no, I'm suggesting that we help the aliens to defeat Chaotica. They think that he's leading some kind of hostile invasion force. Once that threat is gone, it's a good bet that they will leave and close up their portals. Well, he's been attacking the aliens with his Death Ray. Forget about what it's called, Tuvok. In the world of Captain Proton, it's the most powerful weapon that there is. And because it's photonic, it's lethal to these aliens. Now, in Chapter eighteen, Captain Proton disables this weapon just before Chaotica can use it to destroy Earth. Well, we'd have to knock out the Lightning Shield first. Yeah, now you're catching on. The Destructo Beam on my rocket ship can disable the Death Ray, but only if someone gets inside the Fortress of Doom and can shut down the Lightning Shield. Arachnia, Queen of the Spider People. Chaotica thinks so. In the story, he's in love with her. He's been trying to form an alliance since Chapter Three. She's the only one that he trusts, the only one that can get close enough to disable the Lightning Shield. Somebody is going to have to take on her character. It's the role of a lifetime. Captain, it won't be so bad. I can explain to you what you can expect. I can tell you It's not as simple as it sounds. Now, Chaotica might be a 1930s villain, but he's very clever. It'd help if you knew some of the rules. All right. Well, first of all, he's a megalomaniac, so it's a good idea to appeal to his ego. And, er, use grandiose language. He likes to be called sire. And it helps to say things like the clever fiendishness of your evil plan is brilliant. [Turbolift] Now remember, it's ray gun, not phaser. Imagiser, not viewscreen. Earthlings, not Terrans. And another thing. These villains always have a trick up their sleeve. Trapdoors, secret weapons. That doesn't mean you can't be restrained, or thrown into the Dungeon of Pain. Now, as soon as you get the Death Ray shut down, call me in my rocket ship and give me the signal to fire. [Corridor]  You'll have to use Chaotica's broadcast microphone. Well, I've been studying how past generations viewed the future. Well, it didn't work out quite as black and white as they imagined. Now, specifications for Arachnia's costume. One more thing. if you have trouble with Chaotica, or you can't get to the Death Ray, you can always uncork the pheromones. Chapter sixteen, Spell of the Spider. Arachnia sends Chaotica a vial of her irresistible potion. Now, whenever he gets a whiff, he's under her spell. Yeah, well, my point is that these pheromones seem to throw Chaotica for a loop. Well, it works in Chapter sixteen, anyway. Now, the vial is sitting on a small pedestal next to the throne. Okay. I'll see you at the Fortress of Doom. And remember, you're the Queen. [Holodeck - Fortress of Doom]  Space drive. Destructo beam. If I could access holodeck controls, the first thing I'd do is delete this guy. As a matter of fact, as soon as this is all over I think I'm going to delete the whole programme. Class dismissed. No more robots, no more mad scientists, no more Death Rays. I am retiring my rocket pack, Harry. Someone else can save the universe from now on. The end. (The EMH enters.) All right, then. Let's get this thing in the air and hope Captain Janeway is giving a command performance. [Holodeck - Fortress of Doom]  We've been hit. We're not going down without a fight. Doc, activate the Destructo Beam. Big button in the middle of that panel. I'm reading you. Acknowledged. Harry, target the Death Ray. Doc, fire the Destructo Beam on my mark. Ready? Now! (The energy from the Destructo Beam travels down the Death Ray and into Chaotica, who jerks around briefly before collapsing.) [Bridge] I was about to say, Captain Proton to the rescue, but I see you have everything under control. They never do. The end of a twisted madman. A little. (The End comes up on the imagiser, then a ? with evil laughter.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Aye. (Rumble.) Our impulse engines aren't responding. You're patting the wrong guy on the back. Our thrusters went offline halfway through our descent and then we just stopped, like we were caught in something. Well, we've got to let them know we're not doing it on purpose. To hell with the Prime Directive. That man deserves an answer. Okay, so we send a message to his great grandchildren. I'll gladly do the honours. We've already made first contact. They know we're up here. But we're destroying their planet. You heard him.  What was that? Captain, isn't it time we returned fire? What was that last one? What will they think of next? Captain, if I alternate thrusters I might be able to break us free.
I should have gone with him. Captain, let me lead a team down there and bring him back. Unfortunately the wreckage was found inside enemy territory, There you go looking on the bright side again, Tuvok. Apparently, they're vicious. They shoot without warning, use biochemical weapons, routinely massacre civilians. If we run into them, it's safe to say they won't be hanging out a welcome sign. I was hoping you'd say that. Tuvok, let's get moving. Are you saying we should just abandon Chakotay? Fine with me. When do I leave? Naturally. [Larhana settlement - night]
Hmm? In a minute. Harry, I think we built an Edsel. A lemon. A disaster waiting to happen! I ran a simulation last night and I discovered a point four two phase variance in the slipstream threshold. If we get knocked out of that slipstream mid-flight it could overload the quantum matrix. Not yet. Didn't want to spoil the festivities until I was sure.  We're at full impulse. Slipstream velocity in four, three, two. Power output is steady. Quantum field is holding. Looking good. Keep that deflector aligned and we should be Remodulate the deflector. I'm shutting down the drive. It's no use, the slipstream is collapsing. Inertial dampers are offline. Computer, freeze programme! It won't help. Computer, belay that order. It's no use, Harry. Twenty three simulations, twenty three catastrophes. This is no sensor glitch. We've got to tell them. [2375 Engineering] I'm sorry, B'Elanna. Holodeck two. Run them for yourself. That is, if you don't mind being vaporised a few dozen times. Either that or, we can try it Harry's way. Couple of seconds? Slipstream velocity in four, three, two. [2390 Delta Flyer] Still waiting for Harry.  I'm receiving the phase corrections. Telemetry's down too. The Slipstream's destabilising. I can't. There's some kind of overload in the Quantum Matrix. I've lost helm control. [2390 Delta Flyer - lab] Our hull is buckling! It's no use, we're losing attitude control. Inertial dampers offline!  Captain, we're just a few parsecs from the Alpha quadrant. I'm reading a planet nine million kilometres ahead. It's class L. Captain, the Quantum drive just went offline! We're dropping to impulse.
It wasn't me. Take it easy. We'll decontaminate you when we get back home. Now there's a sight for sore eyes. (Voyager is ahead.) Forget the candles, break out the champagne. Fifteen planets scanned in fourteen days. We've got a cargo hold overflowing with dilithium ore. I should go away more often. Check-up? For what? Oh? Naughty, or nice? I like it already. [Paris' quarters] Oh! A television set. A slight problem. There were no remote controls in the 1950's. Cartoon! Everything is perfect except for one tiny detail. You forgot the beer. Ah ha. Ooo! Hockey! Mmm hmm. Oh! Look at that! I was, I was in the middle of a battlefield. I was grazed right, right here. They always said television was a bad influence. No! No, I think I've had enough. (In a Jefferies tube, Kim hears sounds of battle. The hatch recedes from him, and he feels dizzy. He drops the instrument he is holding and crawls on his elbows towards the hatch. Panting, he opens it and gets out into a larger junction.) [Sickbay] I don't remember much, just bits and pieces. I dreamt I was on a planet in the middle of a battle. I have no idea how I got there. I can't remember. I remember getting shot. They were firing at us. Right. Right. They, they lived in a remote colony. We were trying to evacuate them. Those were our orders. Commander Saavdra. No. No, I volunteered. We all did. It was a command post. The perimeter's the weakest in sector fourteen. The terrain's very flat. Twenty four colonists unaccounted for. We thought the spotters had made a mistake. We should have known something was wrong. We should have gotten out then. [Enclosure] (Colonist are being walked out.)YOUNG Don't worry. He'll be on one of the transports. I don't know, but we'll find him. (Weapons fire.)  Those missing colonists, they were armed. They fired the first shots. It wasn't our fault! Easy, Harry. I wasn't hungry. Five, six minutes. Capone. Maybe later. Look, I appreciate what you're trying to do, but I'd rather just be alone. No. I don't want to be comforted right now. Difficult. Difficult doesn't quite cover it. I helped murder eighty two innocent people. I know what I remember. I was there! When I close my eyes, I can see the bodies. I, I can hear the weapons fire. I can feel where I was shot. I don't know! I can't concentrate on sensor readings right now. I can't! Stop pushing me! I don't want your help! (Torres turns to leave.)PARIS: I'm sorry.  Tarakis, dead ahead. Ma'am? How'd you get into it? There's your physical evidence. Maybe he had a point. No offence but, those were other peoples' memories.
Cutting engines. (A nebula is dead ahead.)PARIS: There's a creepy image. Reminds me of something out of Edgar Allan Poe. Come on, Tuvok. Haven't you ever looked up at the clouds and seen an animal? Aye. We're clear. Ma'am? Not according to my readings. I'm telling you, we rely too much on twenty fourth century technology, Captain. You give me a window and a sextant and I guarantee I'll get you where you want to go. Don't look at me. I can't. I'm reading all stop. Don't you ever sweat? Forget I asked. I don't know what you did, Captain, but I've got helm control back. I'm going to try to get thrusters and impulse engines back online. Let me guess. Mother Goose.
Get out of the way! Sorry. I think I zigged when I should have zagged. Er, just dipping into my inheritance. Er, my grandfather on my mother's side. An aristocrat, God rest his soul. Here. It's on me. There, that's all I've got. Oh, I wish I could, but I'm on my way to Castle O'Dell. I'll give her your regards. Computer, replace damaged tyre. Something tells me that's not lunch. Ah. Who are they for? Oh, and this friend wouldn't happen to be a lovely Irish lass, now, would she? Ah, you'd better watch yourself, Harry. These country girls aren't as simple as you think. Maggie O'Halloran could be a little more than you can handle. That was a clutch malfunction. It wasn't my fault. I ran a full diagnostic this morning. Everything is fine. Are you sure you don't need a chaperone? I think I know just what'll make his date just a little more interesting. Boy, she really turned on you. Relax, the holodeck safeties are on. There's nothing to worry about. On our way. She'll be fine. Let her graze. Well, I, I just added a few bells and whistles to make the characters more realistic. Nothing too fancy. It's the first time we've tried running a holodeck programme non-stop. We're lucky it lasted this long. So much for my open door policy. Computer, display Fair Haven character Michael Sullivan. (Michael fritzes before solidifying then looking around.) He shouldn't be aware that he's in the lab. It's all right, Michael. Take it easy. Try to relax. It's, it's okay. We're trying to help you. They're offline . How are you feeling, Michael? Ha. Well, that was easy enough. Don't tell me we're going to have to go through every one of them? I guess we'll be seeing you later. Computer, resume Fair Haven programme in Holodeck one, and transfer Michael Sullivan back to his bar. [Street]  We thought we'd reset his perceptual filters until we took a closer look at his subroutines. Turns out he was just playing along. No, wait, wait. That's a delicate piece of technology.(Milo shoots the panel.) Computer, freeze programme!  Computer, exit! (The arch flickers briefly then disappears again. The mob catches them, and drags them away.) [Briefing room] Oh, good idea, Harry. Do you want to tell them they're only holograms, or should I? No, no, there's been a misunderstanding. We are not spirit folk. I'm sorry, Michael. I can't do that. That'll never happen again, I swear. Not until we've repaired these damaged systems. Yes, ma'am. Oh, you're on. I'll catch up with you later. Just follow the rainbow, Seamus.
Two words exactly. We collided in the corridor during a Borg attack. I said, excuse me. Since we were at Red alert and about to be destroyed, I think it was very considerate of me. Brushing up on the Delta Flyer specs? Oh. Then, what are you doing? (He looks at Harren's PADD.) PARIS: Very interesting. Your creative use of the minus sign. I enjoy the view. (Paris returns to his comrades.) I invited him over to watch our television set tonight. You don't mind, do you? [Celes' quarters] TELFER
Five seconds till impact.  Warp power is fluctuating. [Engineering] Warp power is returning to normal.  Neelix, if you want to put your own stamp on it, maybe you should give it your own name, like the Greasy Neelix or the Double Talaxian with cheese. If we maintain our present course we're going to enter a region filled with subspace vacuoles. They cover about seventy percent of the region. Faster than light, no left or right. When possible, maintain a linear trajectory. Course corrections could fracture the hull. Ma'am? Auto-navigation the entire way? Homesick? Tom. It's okay, a lot of people on board feel the same way. Because it's home. Home for me means a penal colony. Out here, I get to fly a state of the art ship, and there's no admirals in sight. Getting ready for a scouting mission. (He sees the computer plot Kes' requested course on Tactical Projection 128.)PARIS: You planning on going somewhere? I didn't know you could pilot a shuttle. Well, then, why not learn from the best? I could start you off in the holodeck, in an old class One. It's the kind of shuttle my father used to take me up in. Trajectory's laid in. Our trip will take three hours, twelve minutes, eleven seconds with two hundred and sixteen course changes. Engaging at warp eight. Sit back and enjoy the ride. (Voyager shakes.) Dropping to impulse, two point three degree turn starboard, jumping to warp six. Dropping to impulse. New heading, oh thirty one mark two. (Janeway leaves.) I'm not reading any ship. Warp power is fluctuating. We're under attack. A Vidiian ship is closing on our position. They've taken out navigation. I can't plot a course. (Kes is transmitting data. The Vidiian ship is directly above Voyager. It lowers three grapples.) It's better than being dissected. They're trying to lock on us with a tractor beam. That could tear the hull apart. Five seconds to impact.
it's a defensive strategy. Since you can't make a shot, the idea is to leave the cue ball somewhere on the table where Tuvok can't make a shot either. This I have to see. (The cue ball hits the rear bumper and drops into the pocket.) You were afraid.  Entering synchronous orbit, Captain. (Neelix enters. A grey planet fills the viewscreen.)
But you're captain now. You can rescind them. Type nine shuttlecraft has a top speed of warp four. It won't take them more than, oh, about seven hundred years to get home. I guess clearly something you can't do, which is to feel as rotten about this as we do. Harry. (Kim leaves, and Ayala takes his place.) I'm reading a second ship, one seven seven mark five. They're surrounding us! Shields down to forty seven percent. Sir, there're just too many of them. They're still coming. Understood. Ready to go to warp, sir. Aye, aye, sir. [Outside the shelter] (Janeway is tending some quite mature seedlings in a vegetable plot. She and Chakotay have stopped wearing their comm. badges.) Aye, Captain.
About what? I'm already doing a job for the Federation. Well then, I guess I'm yours. (Walking through the trees.) You must be good. My father only accepts the best and the brightest. I wouldn't if I were you. I've never seen a Federation starship that could manoeuvre through the plasma storms. You'd like me to lead you to my former colleagues. I was only with the Maquis a few weeks before I was captured, Captain. I don't know where most of their hiding places are. What's so important about this particular Maquis ship? Maybe it's just your Chief of Security who's disappeared. That's right. Chakotay will tell you he left Starfleet on principle, to defend his home colony from the Cardassians. I, on the other hand, was forced to resign. He considered me a mercenary, willing to fight for anyone who'd pay my bar bill. Trouble is, he was right. I have no problem helping you track down my friends in the Maquis, Captain. All I need to know from you is what's in it for me. Ah ha. Observer? Oh hell, I'm the best pilot you could have. The story of my life.  [Shuttlecraft] (Approaching a Cardassian-design space station. It is piloted by a black-haired woman.) Stadi, you're changing my mind about Betazoids. Oh, that wasn't a compliment. Until today I always considered your people warm and sensual. Just not to me. Only when they're in visual range. Bio-neural? (in uniform) Dazzling, aren't they? As bright as a Koladan diamond. Hard to believe you can find them on any planet in the system. You know, there's a shop at the Volnar Colony that sells a dozen assorted shapes for one Cardassian lek. How much are you selling these for? Come on. (Paris leads young Kim away from the bar.) Didn't they warn you about Ferengi at the Academy?  [Sickbay] (Paris and Kim enter. The doctor and a Vulcan nurse are dealing with a patient on a biobed.) Tom Paris, reporting on board. That's me. As a matter of fact, I seem to be observing some kind of problem right now, Doctor. It's a long story, Harry, and I'm tired of telling it. I'm sure someone around here will tell you before long. [Ready room] (A split level room with the higher part by the windows, so little Kathryn can stand there and be eye to eye with her crewmen.) None at all, Captain. Tomato soup. Plain. Hot. Hot, plain, tomato soup. (Paris takes the bowl and goes to sit by Kim. The doctor and Cavit get up and walk away.) There, you see? I told you it wouldn't take long. Was the accident my fault? Yes. Pilot error. But it took me a while to admit it. Oh, fourteen varieties and they can't even get plain tomato soup right. That's right. What's the difference? I lied. I'll tell you the truth, Harry. All I had to do was keep my mouth shut and I was home free. But I couldn't. The ghosts of those three dead officers came to me in the middle of the night and taught me the true meaning of Christmas. So I confessed. Worst mistake I ever made but not my last. After they cashiered me out of Starfleet, I went out looking for a fight and found the Maquis. And on my first assignment, I was caught. Frankly, I think it was tougher on my father than it was on me. Look, I know those guys told you to stay away from me. And you know what? You ought to listen to them. I'm not exactly a good luck charm. Go ahead. I'd guess they were trying to get to one of the M-class planetoids in the Terikof Belt. A plasma storm might not leave any debris. She's dead. Harry, wait for me.  [Sickbay] (Sickbay is on fire and everyone is dead.) They must have been right next to the console when it exploded. (Kim gets asbestos gauntlets and an extinguisher and puts the fire out.)  [Engineering] (Janeway pins her hair back up and enters. Something goes bang.) We lost our nurse too. Well, we may be stuck with you for a while, Doc. Captain? The crew's scattered around this farm, Captain, but they're all accounted for. No reason to be rude. What? Where? Paris to Janeway. (The girl knocks Paris down.)  [Farm] Computer, locate Ensign Kim. Paris to Janeway. It's good to see you too, Chakotay. An examination? Not all of us were. Captain. I'd like to go with you. It doesn't. I'd just, I'd hate to see anything happen to Harry. Why would anyone want to live in a place like this? They're in this one. Harry! Paris to Janeway. They're in one of the tunnels, Captain. I can't see them, but they're up there. We're going after them.  [Ocampa settlement] Go ahead. Understood. I see them. (Torres and Kim are on the next landing, exhausted. The weapons fire makes the staircase rattle.) How could I let down the only friend I've got? Paris to Janeway. We found them, Captain.  I think we've reached the top. Neelix, get out your phaser. (Paris and Neelix fire at the tunnel roof. It falls in and they can see daylight.)  [Planet surface] (Paris climbs out onto the desert and helps Kes then Kim. Next comes Torres and finally Neelix.) Voyager, can you get a lock on us now? The others are. Get down! (A weapon hit shakes the shaft, throwing Janeway, Chakotay and Tuvok off balance, and a cloud dust comes out of the hole.) Paris to Janeway. Chakotay, Tuvok, do you read? Voyager, prepare to transport everyone in this group except me. Voyager, make that three to beam up. Lock in on the other comm. badge and energise. (Kes, Kim and Torres are beamed up.)  [Shaft] (Janeway checks on Tuvok.) I'll get Chakotay. (Neelix, Janeway and Tuvok leave the top of the staircase. Another weapons hit dislodges the metal from the rock wall and breaks the joins. Chakotay is hanging on by his fingertips.) I intend to, as soon as I get you up. Yeah? But on the other hand, if I save your butt your life belongs to me. Isn't that some kind of Indian custom? I don't believe you. (Paris gets to Chakotay.) You'd rather die than let me be the one to rescue you? Isn't there some Indian trick where you can turn yourself into a bird and fly us out of here? Yes, ma'am. Acknowledged.  [Bridge]  But don't for one second think this makes us even, Chakotay. Your life is still mine.  [Maquis ship] PARIS I'm getting you out of there, Chakotay. You're breaking up. Stand by to transport. Kazon vessel  [Bridge]  Just collided with the array, Captain. Are you all right? Yes, ma'am. We're in position. You asked to see me, Captain. Will you provide a bodyguard for me, Captain? I do? I think I'm going to enjoy this. Me? Er, for the first time in my life I don't know what to say. Oh, he'll know. When we get back. (Paris leaves and Neelix and Kes come running across the Bridge.) Aye, Captain.  <Back to the episode listing < Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Why don't we make it interesting this time. Let's add some table stakes. I don't know. Hmm. Couple of replicator rations, maybe? That would be dishonest, Harry. How many rations are you willing to bet on that? Harry, Harry, Harry. Never, ever play with anyone, not even your best friend, if he says let's make it interesting. You want a little action, I'll give you a little action. How about an honest game of chance? One replicator ration is all it takes to play, and the only thing you have to do to win is pick a number. Just predict what the radiogenic particle count will be at twelve hundred hours tomorrow, and if you hit the pot is yours. Minus a small handling fee for the bank, of course. And the winner of sixteen replicator rations in the Paris radiogenic sweepstakes is? Computer? What? No winner? Computer, are you positive? You heard the little lady. Try your luck again, folks. The pot grows daily until we have a winner. Enter your name on the PADD and pick a number. Can I buy you lunch, Mister Kim? I have an extra ration today. I think I'll have some prime rib, medium rare, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and maybe some Yorkshire pudding. And a Raktajino with whipped cream on it. [Ready room] And the winner is? Computer? Computer? Oh come on, Chakotay. We're just having a little fun. The recreational facilities of the Delta Quadrant being what they are. I didn't think Starfleet would have a problem with it. Now there's a tough job, filling out reports. But somebody's got to do it. (Chakotay leaves.)
Between the satellites and the spacecraft, it's like navigating an obstacle course. Doc, they're dying up there. You've got to do something. No, he's more of an opera man.  Well, well, well. If it isn't the wandering minstrel. Apparently, these two young ladies became dizzy and disoriented while waiting in line to see you. Be careful, Doc. You seem to be hazardous to the Qomars' health. I'll send her weekly reminders. Doc, I've been assisting you for three years. I know the drill. Doc, you're not really going to do this, are you? Are you kidding? Who am I going to torment after you're gone? I'll be here, redecorating your office. [Cargo Bay two]
Er, sorry? Either the universal translator's offline, or I hit my head harder than I thought. All right. Take it easy. All right, all right. Take it easy. This? Listen, I really need this. Okay, okay. (He hands over his satchel and she leaves.)PARIS: First day in town and I've already been mugged. [Planet surface] (A second figure stalks Noss as she walks up a gully. Another jumps out in front of her and grabs her bags. She is overpowered, but before one can stab her, Tuvok grabs his arm. He knocks him out, and slams the second alien into the rock cliff. The  Mayday, mayday. Paris to Voyager, Respond. Oh, come on. Sure she didn't attack them? Seems to be a local pastime. I'd love to help, but somebody stole our med-kits. (Tuvok returns them, and Paris sees to Noss' injuries..) Fractures throughout the hull, environmental systems down, impulse engines are beyond repair. Told you we should have brought the Delta Flyer. It won't do us any good. Every time I transmit a signal, it gets bounced back by the distortion field that pulled us down here. It looks like we fell into some kind of gravity well. As far as I can tell, this planet is a part of an entire solar system that is stuck in a pocket of subspace. Yeah. Well, scientific interest aside, I don't see any easy way out. His mobile emitter was damaged during the crash. With a little luck, I might be able to repair it and bring him back online. What is it? You really think it's smart to abandon the shuttle? Whatever you say. [Planet surface]  Doesn't look like this bird's gonna fly either. That explains how she's been able to survive here. Anything resembling an engine? Great. We've got two unusable ships, and the only way Voyager is going to detect our distress call is if they crash land right on top of us. The optronic relays took heavy damage. I'm bypassing the primary circuits. Come on, Doc. I know you're in there. (The EMH solidifies.) You speak her language? Ask her how long she's been here. If she knows a way to get back through that sinkhole. What'd she say? Well, hey may not be poisonous but they give me the creeps. Maybe I should have left the hunting to you and Tuvok. Looks delicious. [Noss's ship] Make way for the mighty hunters. Thanks for the vote of confidence, Doc. No kidding. I just hope I see her again. Yeah. Oh, no, thank you. Three's my limit. Good night, Doc. (And later still.)PARIS: She likes you. No. I mean she likes you. Oh, come on, Tuvok. You may be cold, but you're not blind. Your wife is fifty thousand light years away, in a different layer of space! The chances of you ever seeing her again are practically nonexistent.  What are you doing? Listen. What I said in there, about your wife. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. I think you do. You work hard to bury them, but they're there. And even if they're not, this is home now. You might as well accept it and try to find as much happiness as you can. Listen, you have a chance to make a decent life for yourself here. If I didn't know you better, I'd say you were trying to cheer me up, Tuvok. It's not pessimism, it's practicality. You of all people should understand that. Look, I've never met your wife but if she's half a logical as you are, I bet you she'd tell you the same thing. What difference does it make? You obviously care about Noss. If you won't admit it to me, at least admit it to yourself. It's more than that. I've seen the way you look at her. Like someone who wishes he wasn't Vulcan. [Shrine] YOUNG We were ambushed. They got away with a pair of resonator coils that we found. Almost two months. Oh, same old thing. Fighting off scavengers, hunting spiders. They're probably three hundred light years closer to home by now. It's good to have you back, Doc. (Time passes.)NOSS: Rest. I don't care. You're damn right there is. What did you say to her? Well, whatever you said, she's talking about leaving. Going off by herself because it's too painful to be around you. Well, maybe you're able to fetter your emotions, but the rest of us don't have that luxury. She is a living, breathing woman who for reasons that I can't begin to fathom, has fallen in love with you. Now, if you're incapable of returning her feelings, at least show her some compassion. Try to let her down easy. Oh, really? And what do you know about infatuation? Enlighten me. Come on, Tuvok. Come on. It's just you, me and the rocks. (Tuvok stands up.) Your wife? She must have really been something. Tuvok, everyone feels a little insane when they fall in love, but it's worth the risk. Whatever happened to Jara? Too bad. (A whirlpool opens in the sky. Tuvok gets out his tricorder.) What's causing them?  What is it? Can you route it through your comm. system? If I'm right, this message was sent almost nine hours ago on a very slow carrier wave. I'll try. Shh, there's more. Not for long if they keep pelting us with these photon grenades.  The forcefield's losing power. Time? Where the hell is Noss? Hurry. [Bridge]  Tuvok. Weird day. I've spent the last two months wondering if I'd ever see B'Elanna again. As far as she's concerned, it's only been two days. I guess I expected her to have missed me, too. You know something? I always thought that beneath that cold, Vulcan exterior lay a even colder Vulcan interior. Now, I'm convinced you're a hopeless romantic. Let's just say it's an acquired taste. Come on, Neelix. Crewman. (They leave Tuvok and Noss alone.)
Evasive manoeuvres? They're closing. Fifty thousand kilometres, forty five, forty. They're slowing, sir. They've stopped, Captain. Their engines just went offline. Looks like somebody lost their helmet. Urgh! (Paris has discovered that the helmet is still occupied by the head of the Hunter, and dropped it.)PARIS: Commander. I'm not picking up any weapon residuals. I'd say he was physically torn apart. Yes, ma'am. How did it get past our shields? Affirmative. Engaged. I once tracked a mouse through Jefferies tube thirty two. No problem. I'll take up the rear. (In another part of the deck, Seven shoots at something. A PADD is floating in mid-air.)TUVOK: You missed. Since species 8472 invaded the ship, you've become increasingly agitated. The only thing down there is Deflector Control. It's got nowhere to run. Captain, just before we cornered it, Species 8472 accessed Deflector Control from this panel. That's what it looks like. (They walk on to where 8472 is slumped against the wall.)JANEWAY: Tuvok? Three more ships are closing from port and starboard. All escape trajectories have been cut off.  Captain, we can outmanoeuvre the Hirogen ships for a few more minutes, but beyond that (Big Bang!) Direct hit to our port nacelle. Now they've taken out our starboard nacelle. I'm sorry, Captain. Warp engines are still offline.
I had a job there once. Didn't like it much. Oh, a while. A day. Half a day, actually. Give or take an hour. I don't belong behind a console pushing buttons, But when I heard some of the workers talking about your place, I knew I had to get a job here. Yes. It's a long story. I had a disagreement with the new Efficiency Monitor. She didn't think my work was very Exactly. Well, there's my natural charm and personality. They'd be a real asset around a place like this where you're trying to attract patrons. I mean, look at you. You haven't been able to tear yourself away from me. Please. I really need the work. You won't regret this. Here you are. Compliments of the proprietress. I'll be right back. Well, I'm just creating customer loyalty. Yes, ma'am. (Umali brings Janeway her plate.)  Can I bring you something else? I haven't seen you in here before. Oh, I'd have noticed. Oh, really? Well, that explains it. I usually work nights. At the Power Distribution Facility. You see? I am observant. I'll be right there. Listen, you should come back in when you get a night off. It's a lot more fun when there's a crowd. Well then, maybe we could get together during the day sometime, take a walk by the river. Why not? I'm a very engaging conversationalist. (Then he sees her big bump.) Oh. You're married. Oh.  (to barman) Yeah, I'll take care of it. (He sees Torres sitting on her own again.)  Hi. Listen, I get off work in a few minutes. I thought maybe you and I could go You don't even know what I was going to say. Actually I was going to offer to introduce you to some people I met. A couple, expecting their first baby in a few weeks. I thought you might want to get to know some other parents. You know, swap stories, maybe even find a playmate for your baby? If it's a bad idea Listen, I'm sorry about the other day. Forget it. That's understandable. How about a friend? Well, you said romance is out of the question, but could you use a friend? [Astrometrics lab]  Losing my job there was the best thing that ever happened to me. Well, so many rules and regulations. It was like a military operation. Have you ever done that? Hmm. Must be quite a life. Oh, no. Space travel makes me sick. (Torres is with a couple, and laughing.) A lot of them. This is a great place to work. I could put in a good word for you to my employer. What can I get you? Here you go. (Janeway and Jaffen go up to the bar.) B'Elanna. I'm due for a break. I'll walk you to the transport. It's not you that I'm worried about. We run an honest business. B'Elanna? I knew I should have walked her to the transport. This city is supposed to be safe! Sounds like someone who was in here earlier. A worker from the plant. Neelix, I think. He had a friend, Amal something. I don't have to, he's sitting right over (But the chair is now empty.) ECH log, stardate 54622.4. I've found an ingenious place to hide while we make repairs. A moon with a para-magnetic core that masks our energy signature. I've turned my attention to Lieutenant Torres, whose treatment will also require ingenuity. [Sickbay] Yerid? I thought that was you. Have you found out anything about B'Elanna? Oh. What file? Tell me what? She's never been in here. I don't think I'd forget that face. It's safe now. (Janeway, Seven, Yerid and Jaffen come out of a back room.) Well, if you really want to thank me, you can tell me what's going on. We should report this to the authorities. What's that for? Ow! What was that for? I was a victim of mind control. [Ready room] Aye, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
They sure could use it with all the damage they've taken the  past two years.  Impressed?  Yes, ma'am.  Well, as long as we go slow and easy, we'll be fine.  Not more than fifty or sixty years ago. Hardly enough time for  these structures to decay so badly.  Are we in a rush?  Grab your gear, and try to keep up. [Underground] (They  enter down a rope.)  If you mean the fun of wondering whether your anchor will hold  while you're dangling over a cliff, I think I'll pass. See you below.  (Paris abseils down.)  Watch your footing!  No!  (Paris descends rapidly, followed by Torres. She lands heavily on her  feet, whereas Neelix had fallen on his backpack.)  Are you hurt?  Careful. Careful. You might have broken it.  Calm down. This wasn't Neelix's fault. I saw him drive the piton  and it was solid. It must've malfunctioned. You are hurt.  Don't you think you're overreacting a little bit?  He's right. Let's contact the ship.  Ow! B'Elanna! What is wrong with you?  Wait!  The last thing we need is for all three of us to split up. Paris  to Voyager. We've got problems down here.  (A short time later.)  I haven't been able to contact her. She's either out of  communications range  [Bridge] PARIS  Last location I can [Underground]   Verify is about ten metres below us. I tried to stop her from leaving,  Captain, but she got very hostile and bit me. [Bridge] And she seemed to be enjoying it, in a Klingon kind of way.  She's really not herself.  (Janeway looks at Tuvok, who seems a bit embarrassed.)  Life threatening? She could die from this?  And you've gone through it every seven years of your adult life?    Right. Well, it looks like finding her won't be easy. Scanning  range is limited to about twenty metres, and even that's not too  reliable.  B'Elanna.  Yes. It's called a tricorder.  No, it didn't.  (Ishan returns the phaser. Something beeps.)  B'Elanna, don't! B'Elanna!  (The ground shakes. Paris falls, and Torres gets the rifle off her  attacker, who falls to the ground then disappears. Paris and Torres are  alone.)  I'm not picking up anything like that. Or any life signs.  Yeah, that must be it. Or else these aliens are generating some  kind of interference so we can't detect them. We have to get out of  here before they come back.  If you have any ideas how to find them, I'm listening! We have  to get back to the ship and get some help, for them and for you.  I'll try to explain it to you, but we've got to get moving. [Sickbay] It does explain how you've been acting.  How about starting a fight with a group of armed aliens,  shouting at Neelix, giving me this. If I remember my Klingon customs,  biting someone on the face means  When we get back to the ship, the doctor should be able to help.  Or there's always Vorik.  The tremor must've shaken the rocks loose.  Hold it! We don't know how stable this tunnel is. An energy  blast might bring the rest of it down on our heads.  No. I think I should keep this.  (They struggle for the phaser rifle.)  I'm not going to fight with you, B'Elanna.  B'Elanna, stop it! This isn't about the gun. This is about sex.  But that's not gonna happen right now.  No. No. I'm your friend, and I have to watch out for you when  your judgement's been impaired. If you let these instincts take over  now, you'll hate yourself, and me too for taking advantage of you. I  won't do that.  No.  Are you telling me that I'm impossible to resist?  Good. Come on. [Underground  room] (Light  from somewhere above, an artificial hearth, a stone chair and obelisk.)    We're almost to the next passageway. Can you make it?  It's all right. We'll find a way out.  I might agree with you if I still had it. It's buried somewhere  under all that.  Sorry. Try to stay calm. I know it's hard.  Well, I'm making an exception. I can't let you do this.  You're right. I can't.  Oh, believe me, I'd like to, but I know this isn't really you.  You've made it clear that you're not interested, and I have to accept  that's how you feel, even now.  I hope someday you'll say that to me and mean it.  You know that's not true.  Still stuck in the cave, I'm afraid.  No. We're not looking for the gallicite anymore. We're trying to  get back to the ship, remember?  B'Elanna needs help. We've got to get her out of here. [Planet  surface] What's the matter? Why aren't they answering?  B'Elanna, I know this is a pretty bizarre situation, probably  not what either one of us had in mind, but it's too late to worry about  that now.  What?  So this is the part where you throw heavy objects at me?  I'm not sure exactly what I'm supposed to do.  (So he nuzzles her neck and she throws him to the ground.)  Enjoying myself?  You want a fight? You've got one.  They'll tear each other to pieces.  It's over, isn't it?  Deck two. So, looks like you're feeling better. You back on  duty?  Oh, good. Glad to hear it. Computer, halt turbolift. Look, this  is ridiculous. We are going to be together on this ship for a long  time.  But something did happen, B'Elanna.  Yeah, I know. You're afraid that your big, scary Klingon side  might have been showing. Well, I saw it up close, and you know, it  wasn't so terrible. In fact, I wouldn't mind seeing it again someday.  Computer, resume. 
It's heading right toward us. This thing is following us. I can't outrun it at impulse. It's disrupting our warp field. That was close. I remember reading about that. Two astronauts were stranded on the surface for weeks before a rescue ship arrived. Aye, Captain. And into the history books. That incident almost derailed the Mars programme. Well, maybe we could apply the same enhancements to the Flyer. That's all she wrote. I thought I was the Mars buff. You seem to know more about the Ares Four than I do. Mine too. Makes you wonder if those old-timers were made of sterner stuff than we are. You kidding? Warp drive, shields, transporters. We're travelling in the lap of luxury. We were just admiring someone. Fellow explorer. You don't sound too happy about it.  We're approaching the perimeter in five, four, three, two, one. [Bridge]  The gravimetric shear is increasing. Hey B'Elanna, it's the perfect romantic getaway. Nothing you'd want to breathe, of course. We're picking up traces of the hull, but our sensor readings are being refracted by all the debris in here. (Whumph.) I'll lay in a search pattern. It may take a couple of hours to cover an area this large. Heads up, folks. I think we're getting close. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]  I've isolated the module, bearing thirty nine mark one five. There. We weren't expecting to find a fragment this big. Can't just stow it in the aft section. Just about, sir.  The module is slowing us down. He's got a severe concussion and internal injuries. We need to get him back to Voyager. He's stable for now. I'll give you a hand. It can't be that bad. More like twenty. You were hit with a plasma discharge. The gravimetric surge from the asteroid caught us at the edge of the anomaly and tossed us back inside. It's adrift, three hundred metres off our port bow. Not so fast. We can't get engines or shields back online, not to mention a tractor beam. We'll be lucky to get out of this in one piece. You're in worse shape than this ship. You want to help? Lie in the bed, doctor's orders. I'll see if I can reinforce the structural integrity field. (Paris goes to the cockpit.) It took us hours to make the modifications [Delta Flyer - cockpit] To the Flyer. We've only got eighty two minutes before this thing disappears into subspace. [Briefing room] If the replicators were working we could whip up a new plasma manifold [Briefing room] PARIS Excuse me?  Yes, ma'am. I'll go.  Come on, just a little closer. That's it for thrusters [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] PARIS Is the cockpit intact? What was that? Could you hear that, Chakotay? [Delta Flyer - aft compartment]  Paris to Seven. Status? [Ares Four Command Module]  Make it quick. We've got less than fifteen minutes. [Ares Four Command Module] Paris to Seven. how's it going over there? Hurry. we're running out of time. (The download is complete. She puts her comm. badge on a cloth sleeve with an Ares IV misson badge sewn onto it.) Seven? We're trying to integrate the distributor. Stand by, Captain.  Try bypassing the power couplings. Resequence the ion modulators, see if that does it. We have propulsion, shields. Stay on top of it. Paris to Voyager. Open the shuttlebay doors. We're coming home. [Bridge]  Laying in an escape trajectory. [Bridge]
Oh. You two sure have been spending a lot of time together lately. Oh, now, let's see. For those of us keeping score, Harry Kim has fallen for a hologram, a Borg, the wrong twin, and now the dearly departed. Hmm. Don't look now, but that door is creaking open. [Sickbay]
All I know is that Neelix has been working on it all afternoon. He wouldn't even let me in there to get a snack. [Mess hall] (The place has been transformed. The tables and chairs are gone, replaced with cushions and drapes.) It's very colourful. It's a little cold in here, isn't it? The Enarans. I got it.
Inertial dampers have failed. Did you verify the control inputs? Plasma injectors. Field coils responding. Inertial dampers back online. As your flight instructor, it's my duty to prepare you for anything, fair or not. Yes, well, I'm famous for my dirty tricks, you know? (Whumph! Kes is flung into Paris' arms.) I never said the simulation was finished. Oh, ho! Sounds like a challenge to me. (Neelix watches them walk away laughing.) [Ready Room] (The Captain has dispensed with her bun for a short softer hair style.) That was you? I'm impressed. Play something for me. Oh, come on. Play something. Just pretend I'm not here. (Kim resumes the piece he was practicing.) Play something different. Something not so cheerful. What, you don't take requests? Oh, Harry. I'm in trouble. I think I'm in love. With Kes. I know. I know. I never even saw it coming. I thought we were just good buddies. But there she was in my arms. What? Oh, no. I didn't. I wouldn't. She stumbled during a flight simulation. I caught her. I held her for an instant. Are you going to play or not? (Kim does a few notes.) A whole crew full of women and I have to fall for the one I can't have. Why do I do this to my self? Enjoy it? Hey, don't knock it if you haven't tried it. I just have to be more careful. I can't let myself be alone with her. That's not a Chinese expression. Of course, it would help a little if Kes and I weren't going to be stuck on the same ship for the rest of our lives. I'm in a pessimistic mood. Play something pessimistic. Practice, Harry, practice. (Kim plays a cheerful tune.) [Kes's quarters] (Candle-lit dinner for two.) I think I'll just eat later. (Kes sees him, and waves.) Damn. Very simple. We just won't sit with her. No, that's smart. We'll make it look like we have bridge operations to discuss. Whatever. We just have a lot of bridge operations business to discuss. Yeah. I beg your pardon? Oh, a guy just can't win. Look, there is nothing to fool you about. Really. I swear. What the hell are you doing? (Paris throws Kim's abandoned meal over Neelix. They fight.) It's too late. I'm betting your hair pasta already did the trick. Go ahead. Er, Captain, did you say right away? If we could have It might be too long to go into right now, Captain. Captain, I'm not one to pass up a mission, but in this circumstance, maybe Ensign Baytart who is a fine pilot  Entry sequence at two minutes, mark. All systems normal. Trigemic density at point zero four one and rising. I'm not trying to impress anyone, I'm entering it into the flight record. Look, can I make a suggestion? My suggestion is that we put our personal problems aside until this mission is over. Okay? Fine. Let's get the job done. Entry sequence at three minutes, mark. All systems, stand by. Have you been briefed on shuttle operations? Check your console. I'm reading a power output decline of fifteen percent. We're getting some kind of reaction in our driver coil assembly from the EM anomalies in the atmosphere. I'm going to abort the mission. Hold on. We've lost our impulse drive. Shut off the deuterium flow! I'm dumping excess fuel. Setting DCA pulse over to neutral. Engaging thrusters. I'm trying, Neelix. Prepare for an emergency landing. Send out an EMS pulse. There's still a chance Voyager will pick it up. [Bridge] Sorry. I did the best I could. Any broken bones? I feel it too. We've got atmospheric leakage in the hull. The trigemic vapours really sting. Here. Doc said this would help a little. We can't. We'll have to wait for Voyager to find us. B'Elanna's working on the transporter, and one of those atmospheric windows might open up. In the meantime, we're going to have to look for some kind of cover. The trigemic vapours are going to And we may be waiting here for days. Exposure to these vapours is too dangerous. We're leaving. Grab your gear. An order! You know, it might be more constructive if you could find us something safe to eat. Our emergency rations won't last forever. Oh, don't worry. I've learned to lower my standards since you became cook. I'm picking up some caves about a kilometre west of here.  This is good. We can last a while in here. (They seal the cave entrance with a blast from their phasers.) That should do it. We'd better conserve our beacon cells. (They turn off their torches and heat the rocks with the phasers.) Oh, there's a whole course at the Academy full of all sorts of survival strategies. B minus. My father was teaching the class that year. What about Talaxian protocols? No, more like a bed of Nothing. Neelix, I didn't say that. I never even (They hear a small sound.) I checked for life signs. There weren't any. Whatever this life form is, its vital signs are awfully faint. No, I don't think so. They're faint, but steady. (They see a spacesuit boot print in the dirt.) This is where the life signs are coming from. They're embryonic life forms. These two are half formed. This one almost seems to be (The egg hatches, and the baby reptile starts mewling.) [Bridge]  This creature's going to have the ability to stand upright. It has the skeletal system of a humanoid. It's cold-blooded, has reptilian epidermis. Its brain is significantly larger than most reptilian species. I'd say we're dealing with a sentient life form here, Neelix. It's hard to say. Most common reptiles lay their eggs and never return to protect them. True. And if this thing does have a mother, I'd say we don't want to be around when she gets back. Come on. We're not leaving it here, its mother left it here. We just happened to wander in. We'll leave the door open for her when we go, okay? There's not much we can do about that now, is there? We should just leave all this the way we found it. Neelix! Ours? And you expect to take care of this thing until what? It graduates from high school, college? And what if Mom doesn't come back? Are you planning to bring this with us back on the ship? Fine. Fine. You made your point. I officially designate you its godfather. It's shivering. That's normal, isn't it? I mean, new born life forms do shiver, don't they? Me neither. (Neelix swaddles the baby in his jacket.) It's asleep. Forget what I said, Neelix. You're not its godfather. You're its godmother. [Bridge]  Oh, come on. Come on. It doesn't seem to care for Starfleet rations. Are you serious? Ugh. I hope I never see another leola root. And you're certainly not feeding any of that hideous broth to my niece. Or nephew. Whatever it is. Its heartbeat is getting weaker. I don't like it. Come on, kid. You've got to eat something. Neelix, it's not your jacket. It's the residue of the trigemic vapours we walked through. Think about it. Voyager's sensors picked up high levels of proteins and amino acids, which we assumed meant this was a planet filled with vast supplies of edible plant life. The residue is a concentration of proteins and amino acids. The source we cut off when we blocked the cave. Come on. We've got some rocks to move. [Bridge] It's just too weak. Neelix, we did the best we could. You can't pump it full of drugs without knowing its body chemistry. Give me that. (Paris takes a empty hypo from the emergency kit.) When I was a kid, a baby bird fell out of a nest and landed on the windowsill next to my bed. We had to feed it water with an eyedropper to keep it alive. Filling the eyedropper. Can you hold its mouth open? (Paris blasts the contents of the hypo into baby's mouth.) Life signs are getting stronger. We did it. You know, I never would have thought of that hypospray if. The vapours. Hmm? No, you don't. Well, think of it this way. You saved me from having to eat it. Nothing personal, but I just don't have an affinity for hair in my food. No kidding. What do they say? Neelix, I told you the truth when I said that nothing happened between me and Kes. And I promise you nothing ever will. But you weren't wrong about me. I, well, I guess the only way to say it is to say it. I am attracted to Kes. To be honest, if you weren't around, I'd be knocking at her door. But I respect you, Neelix. And that's that. Everything you heard those guys saying about me, well, it was true. But it's not who I am anymore. At least not who I want to be. This upside down mission to the wrong side of the galaxy has given me a second chance, and I don't intend to blow it. She's devoted to you, you know. Oh, she's a lot more than grateful. She loves you, Neelix. I wouldn't stand a chance. Nobody would. If you ever doubt yourself, just look into her eyes. See the way she looks at you. You'll never doubt yourself again. And as far as I'm concerned, I'll just be her friend. I mean, if you don't mind. Voyager? This is Lieutenant Tom Paris and Mister Neelix. Do you read? Aside from a nasty rash, yes. Actually, yes.  No, just young. [Bridge] Yes. We found a nest, and one of the creatures hatched. What? Why? Neelix, one thing's for sure. Whether the mother rejects it or not, she will reject you and me. The problem is, Captain [Outside the cave]  If we leave our little hatchling here and the mother rejects it [Bridge] PARIS How long can you give us, Captain? [Bridge] Lock onto us, Voyager. If you hear muffled screams, consider that a request for a beam out. (Paris and Neelix try to hide, but the approaching adult sees them and growls. Then it turns its attention to the baby.) Voyager, two to beam out. I became an uncle. Cold fowl in a bottle? That's just an expression, isn't it?
I'll bet you it's an anodyne relay. Relay. I'm telling you. I checked the conduit network. I'll bet you.  Well? The anodyne relays. Who would have guessed? And it hit the bulls-eye. Tonight, you pay up. Holodeck two, Klingon martial arts programme, no getting out of it this time. I'll see you tonight. BYOB. Bring your own bat'leth. [Bridge]  This should do the trick. (Paris places Veer's cloaking device on -) You said you wanted an organic test subject. Let's give it a try. A personal cloaking device. Turbolifts are offline. Let's get to a Jefferies tube. (Something chitters nearby.) Tuvok, I hope that's your stomach. Tuvok? (Tuvok pulls a dart from his back. Paris' phaser doesn't work.) I'm not going to leave you. Paris to Janeway. [Ready room] PARIS Switch to auxiliary protocols. How? Paris to Janeway. [Ready room] Captain, someone on the alien vessel detected my launch sequence. I don't know how they did it, but I'm completely locked out.
This one's mine. He's the reason that I'm here. He was my partner in a bombing. We killed forty seven patrollers at Akritiri. Forty seven! And then this scum confessed to the Tribunal and gave them my name. So I'm telling you again, he's mine. Trust me. Around here, you don't want anybody thinking you're soft. I haven't had anything to eat since I got here. Couple of days. Some shore leave, huh? What happened to you after they split us up? That's exactly what happened to me. Then they must have drugged me, because the next thing I knew, I woke up at the bottom of the chute to that welcoming party. Who did you have in mind? Haven't seen anybody like that. The other inmates say this place is three hundred metres underground. Maybe the Akritirians figure guards aren't necessary. (Kim holds out a cup.) What do you think this is, a hotel? There isn't any more! I'm sorry. I'm really starting to get edgy. I think it's the clamp. That's what the prisoners call it. Everybody has one. I'm guessing it's some kind of synaptic stimulator. Anyway, it's affecting my nervous system. I've been getting jumpier ever since I got here, not to mention this thing itches like crazy. Maybe it's some kind of torture device. No! I saw someone try it. It killed him! What we have to do is find a way out of this place. What? Another prisoner, maybe. Join me for dinner? [Akritirian prison] (Brown slabs of something are slid down the chute. There is much scrabbling and stamping on hands to get as much as possible as quickly as possible.) I think I've lost my appetite. Captain's log, stardate 50156.2. After seventy two hours, Lieutenant Paris and Ensign Kim are still missing, and I'm quickly losing patience with the Akritirian authorities. They continue to deny us access to the surface, and they've yet to confirm whether our crewmen were killed in the bombing. [Bridge] You're starting to feel it, aren't you? It gets worse all the time. We have to fight it. Let's focus on something positive. Er, well, I found close to fifty good citizens in this quaint little community, but not a grocer among them. Yeah. But if we ever do get our hands on some food, I found a lovely spot for a picnic. So how about you? Come across anything interesting in your travels? Me too. As far as I can see, the only way to the surface is that chute in the main chamber. That's where this might come in handy. (A piece of metal piping.) I thought if we could get our hands on some loose wiring, you might be able to use it to rig a device that would short out the forcefield long enough for us to get into the tube. Yeah. Now if we could only figure out a way to short out these implants, we'd be all set. [Briefing room] Take it easy. You'll get it. Okay. Okay, concentrate on this. Crown roast of lamb, with a bed of wild rice, and a 2296 Chateau Lafitte Rothschild at the real Sandrine's. Good one. Okay. A couple of barbecued T-bone steaks with baked Risan beans and cherry pie for dessert. Let's see you top that one. Me too. Never thought I'd say that. Are you okay? Just out for a little stroll. (to Kim) Move it! Come on. I'd really recommend that you stay out of my way. Home sweet home. Harry. I'm hurt pretty bad. Promise me something. If things get worse, if it comes down to making a choice, don't worry about me. Take care of yourself. Do we have a deal? Come on. Let's go. This guy's not going to help us. I don't trust that guy, Harry. Just watch your back, okay? Remember our deal? If it comes down to it, you're going to save yourself, right? If you see a chance, just go. Don't come back for me. I'm serious, Harry. Harry. [Akritirian prison] (Kim is working on a panel by the chute, and making sparks fly. Zio appears to be meditating.)  Harry. Er, I was dreaming about Megan Delaney. The chute. You made it in? Did you find a way out? What, what happened to me? Who, who did it? No. No, it was you. No, get away from me! Get away from me! Harry. What's happening to me? Harry? Don't leave me here. Stay back. It's mine! Mine! (They struggle for the pipe. Kim starts banging Paris' head against the wall, then finally raises the pipe to smash it down on him.) You did a terrific job, Neelix. Come on, Harry. We're overdue for that steak dinner. What do you mean, you guess so? It's the thought of that dinner that kept us going. [Corridor]  So, what do you think? Er, baked potato, a big mound of deep fried onion rings. Maybe, maybe, some grilled mushrooms. What are you saying? You're the one that kept me alive. You want to know what I remember? Someone saying, this man is my friend. Nobody touches him. I'll remember that for a long time. So, what do you say we blow a week's worth of replicator rations? Cherry pie. Don't you remember? Ah! Yes. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
How did you get in here? Radiation poisoning. The EPS relays overloaded when we ran into the anomaly. We need the Doctor and medical supplies, or we're going to have a lot more casualties. Yes, sir.
We were cruising at warp six then, wham, this thing pulled at our warp field like a magnet. I don't now. There's hundreds of corridors. It's like a maze. I'll do my best, Captain. (An object with two glowing points of light is also travelling in the corridor. They overtake it very rapidly.) We're clear. Captain, we're over two hundred light years from where we entered the corridor. Direct hit. Our warp drive is offline. They're closing. They're still closing. We're clearing the lower stratosphere. I doubt it's inhabited anymore. Looks like this planet's in the middle of a nuclear winter. Yes, ma'am. They're getting closer. Impulse engines are online. Ma'am, they're not ascending into orbit. They're heading straight for Voyager. Engaging thrusters. Initiating ascent sequence. We're airborne. We'll have to clear the thermosphere. Two hundred and eighty kilometres at least. It's no use. They're closing on all sides. KIM: Direct hit to the  We've got nine more fighters on our tail. Thrusters are failing. We're losing altitude. Still offline. That would give us one hell of a boost. Rerouting plasma to the power conduits. We have impulse. We're crossing the thermosphere.  Two hundred and sixty kilometres, two hundred and seventy. We've cleared the thermosphere. Yes, ma'am. Captain's log, stardate 53167.9. After two days, there's been no sign of the Vaadwaur or the Turei. However, Seven of Nine has made an unsettling discovery. [Ready room]
Paris to the Captain. I've done an analysis of our route through Botha space. Whenever you have a minute to check it out. Aye, Captain. Friendly fellow. They're in a hurry, too. Closing fast. We have to consider the possibility of cloaked ships. Aye, sir. Initiating evasive pattern beta two. I'm trying. It's my father. Sure am, Captain. I'm running the scans on those ships. Oh, it's not even tempting. [Engineering]  Captain, I'm getting results from the scans. No apparent defensive weaknesses. Metallurgical analysis is inconclusive. Yes, ma'am. Let me say something I've always wanted to say. Get out of my life. Not any more. Not any more. A plasma leak caught me in the face. Help me. Come with me. You can't leave me like this. It hurts. Kes, please. I can't. No. Kes, wait. Come back. Don't leave me! Come back! [Engineering] EMH [on
 You know, they ought to rename this region the Negative Expanse. We haven't run across anything interesting for days. Now that you mention it, Captain, I find this region of space a real navigational challenge. The Borg. Maybe they're trying to lull us into a false sense of security. Aye, Captain. Well, that's a relief. Yes, Captain.  Chakotay, B'Elanna and the away team are all back, and we've tractored in the shuttle. Captain, the Borg ship is powering weapons. What the hell happened back there?
Three?  Who's that? Back in the twentieth century, the Soviets used to build American towns to train their agents to infiltrate the United States. Species 8472 could be doing the same thing. Maybe they already have. Do you always arm yourself before a first date? Personally, I don't go out with girls from other galaxies. Is she cute? We're making our approach.  Take it easy, Harry. We didn't build the Delta Flyer to withstand such extensive pacing. Give him time. It's a date. These things can't be rushed. They probably just finished dinner, a couple of drinks, and now they are moving past the polite stage. It was only trying to get to know you better, Harry. You can't fault a person for that. Look, Chakotay can take care of himself. And if he can't, who better than us to come to the rescue? [Archer's quarters] Chakotay's in trouble. He tried to contact us ten minutes ago, but his signal was cut off. KIM [on viewscreen] Some kind of forcefield went up around the habitat. We can't get a lock on him. I don't think so. At least, no one's tried to take a shot at us yet. Yes, ma'am. They've taken a couple of pot-shots at us, Captain. We've lost our shields. Mind if we join you? I'm afraid not.
Good morning, Grace. (He is accosted by a middle-aged man in a bowler hat.) Sullivan's. Care to join me? Oh, really? Who said anything about trout? And your point? She threw you out again. How much? Keep the change. Harry, weren't you supposed to meet me at Sullivan's? We've met. Could you excuse us? A word to the wise. Stay away from Maggie O'Halloran. She's promised to a pig farmer with a very large rake. Wooden teeth. No, no. I'm not changing a thing. Fair Haven is perfect just the way it is. No. No leprechauns, no aliens, no starships. I want this to be a place where the crew can unwind. (The parish priest rings his bicycle bell and dismounts.) Ah. Heard any good confessions lately? Harry hasn't seen Sullivan's yet. You care to join us? Medical emergency? He's kidding, right?  Everybody, place your bets. Three bob it is. You're going to hurt Harry's feelings. Welcome, weary traveller. Oh? Oh, everybody's a critic. Sorry, boys. Duty calls. Er, a wee bit of bad weather. Where'd it come from? Impulse power won't be enough to outrun that thing. Yes, ma'am. Fair Haven? Oh, I was thinking, Captain now that we've got this open door policy, maybe I could expand Fair Haven into holodeck two. It would give me some room to create the seacoast. That's a great idea, Doc. We could send Father Mulligan on a retreat to a nearby monastery, where he takes a vow of silence and never speaks again. Fog is depressing. It's dangerous. It's Fair Haven, Harry. Sunshine? He hasn't visited our little paradise yet. Imagine yourself sitting high on a bluff overlooking the ocean. The salt air, The rhythm of the waves rising and crashing against the rocks. A tiny fishing boat bobbing on the water below. Up and down, up and down. Blood pudding. You can't lose. You'd make a good barometer, Tuvok. Every time you get queasy, we go to red alert. It's called old-world charm, Harry. Where's Michael? That's strange. I programmed him not to drink. You making up for lost time? Hey, hey. Take it easy. Why don't you tell us what happened? Who? Katie O'Clare? Are you sure you didn't misinterpret her interests? I mean, we're all friends here. Maybe she was just being friendly. No, no, not at all. (sotto) I may have to do some reprogramming. No, I, I didn't say that. I don't know. Maybe it was the talking pig. At least another five minutes. Stabilisers are offline. (Voyager starts to pitch and yaw.) No effect. A thousand kilometres, but we're being pulled along with the storm. We're approaching the perimeter. Five hundred kilometres. Four hundred. So much for the luck of the Irish. It wouldn't be the same. It's like trying to rewrite a novel after the only copy of the data file has been deleted. All the details, the nuances, they're all gone. A storm? Oh. Right. The grid's destabilising. We'd better get started on those repairs. There's someone I should talk to before we decide. [Ready room] Fair Haven didn't fare too well. With your permission, I'd like to try to reconstruct the programme. Six or seven weeks. Harry tells me that we should be able to save about ten percent of the existing elements. I thought you might have a suggestion or two. [Holodeck Research Lab]
Negative. Tracking the source. Seems like it's coming from an unmanned buoy, coordinates one four zero mark three one seven. That's good for about forty hours if we average warp two. After that we're out of their comm. range. We'll just do it with mirrors. Aye, Captain. Aye, Captain.  Vessel approaching, coordinates three one four mark two one. Nothing on long range sensors. The raider is continuing to retreat. We should have a couple of hours to ourselves at least. Captain, we're about to go beyond the comm. range of the Talaxian colony. Just thought you'd like to know. Aye, Captain. I'm doing my best. Aye, Captain. Eight minutes. Their attack formation is a classic Cardassian echelon. Aye, Captain. Three minutes, ten seconds, give or take a photon torpedo. Confirmed. They're changing course. Two minutes to intercept.  Here we go. Thirty seconds to intercept. Engaging impulse engines. Initiating evasive manoeuvres, beta sequence. Coming about, one four one mark two zero. Coming about.  Captain, if I can get a shuttle through the cross fire, I can go back and bring the Talaxians to help us.  Computer, repeat stabiliser diagnostic. I just repaired the acceleration sensors. Signature? Damn it! I don't have time for this. (They start shooting at him.) I don't have time for this! Computer, all stop. Engage impulse. (It takes three shots to destroy his attacker.) I told you, I don't have time for this. [Camp] (Night is falling.) Is there any word on the crew? If you can help me with repairs, we can be on our way in a few hours. Commander Paxim, my people are counting on you. Look, no one knows Voyager like I do. I know every vulnerability, every blind spot. Don't worry. I have a plan. One hour. I should be able to come up with some kind of plan in one hour. [Sickbay] (Suder enters through an access panel.) Doc, I hope you're receiving this because if you're not, I'm a dead duck. I'm piggybacking this message on a fake Kazon signal I'm sending to the Bridge. I'm betting they won't be monitoring your Emergency Medical channel. I'm bringing help, but you have to do something for us. When the attack begins, I need you to get the computer to block the discharge from the backup phaser power couplings. You got that? The backup couplings. I'm taking out the primary couplings myself, but I need those backups to overload when they switch to them. Don't do anything until the attack begins or they might notice. That's it for now. I'll be seeing you soon. I hope. (Vessel schematic 4747 returns to the monitor screen. Suder returns through the access panel.) [Sickbay] Go ahead. Acknowledged. Ready and waiting. I just hope you are too, Doc. [Planet surface] Here we go. (The shuttlecraft swoops underneath Voyager and fires at its targets.) [Bridge] Yes, Doc, yes! Paris to Commander Paxim. Stand by. I'm going to start transporting your people to Voyager.  I'm sealing off the Bridge manually. I've got to get the computer back online. All Starfleet voice access has been disabled. Forget them. We have more important things to do. [Planet surface] (The chief places a leaf containing other herbs on Wildman's baby's chest. She stops crying.)  Welcome back, Captain. I had a lot of help. The Talaxians, the Doc, Mister Suder. No, he and the Doctor sabotaged the ship. Suder disabled the phasers before they killed him. [Sickbay] (Suder is laid out on a biobed, hands folded on his chest.) Heading four one, mark seven seven. Destination, Alpha Quadrant.
 Doc, I've got to go run a few errands, I'll be back soon. Well, it's my conn report, actually. I just realised I forgot to turn it in, and Chakotay gives me a hard time when it's late. Well, we've been so busy that I guess it just slipped my mind. (The Sickbay is empty.) Thanks.  [Corridor]  Computer, lock onto these coordinates. I need a site to site transport. No, wait. Access the central replicator files first. Ah, perfect.  [Jefferies tube] I got stuck with an extra shift on the bridge. What could I say? Sorry, Captain, I've got a date with B'Elanna? I said I had to go deliver a conn report. He can wait. (As they kiss, we are treated to a view of their skeletons and musculature. Torres gasps.)PARIS: What is it? Kind of exciting, isn't it?  [Sickbay] Don't worry. We're well out of range.  You wanted to see me, Lieutenant? A sensible precaution. I'd be glad to help. Then let's get started. [Engineering - upper level] You always think you hear something. (A door opens.)PARIS: Commander.  Tuvok. Tuvok, I guess that was kind of embarrassing. Right. Well, then I guess there's no harm done. It's not like there was a security violation or anything. So, I guess there's nothing that would have to go on any kind of report. Well, I'd certainly never ask you to be dishonest. I don't know. He sounded Vulcan. What more can I tell you. [Turbolift]  Deck one. Good idea. Okay, you go in first, I'll come in a minute later. Listen to us. We're acting like criminals when we haven't done anything wrong. Do you? Computer, halt turbolift. Let's figure out how we can handle this. Neither do I. At least for now. I would never be so presumptuous. I thought so. Computer, resume. Right.  [Briefing room] Yes, sir. (sotto) Thanks. I guess Tuvok Yes, ma'am. I hope I can manage it. Oh, I forgot I was talking to the most upstanding Ensign in Starfleet. Neelix. For breakfast? Do you think anybody on this ship can keep a secret? (There is a crash and groan from the galley.)[Galley](Neelix is on the floor, curled up and twitching.)PARIS: Neelix! Paris to the Doctor. I'm bringing Neelix to Sickbay. It's an emergency.  [Sickbay] But Neelix doesn't seem to be aging. If anyone else comes in I'll run a cellular scan. Is there anything else I can do? I don't think so. I'm releasing you both back to your quarters. I've just gotten reports of more patients on the way. It's going to get crowded in here.  [Science Lab]  In the last hour three more patients have come in with genetic mutations. The effects are starting to become life threatening. The alveoli in her lungs suddenly stopped processing oxygen. I've got her on respiratory support. She almost died. Could the Doctor have returned to the mobile emitter? Nice had nothing to do with it. I switched shifts with Ensign Wildman which means tomorrow I'll pull a double duty on the bridge and with the Doc. Ah. Ktarian Merlot, 2282. You might want to let it breathe first. Try the salad, Chief. Oh, thanks. I replicated it myself. Right. (doorbell) I'll get rid of them. Harry, I'm not home. Thanks. That's it. No more interruptions. (He takes off his comm. badge. Torres does the same.) Thinking maybe she was right? Me, too. Do you think we really were? Out of control. Those aliens could have just been messing around with our hormones just to see what would happen. Well, when you think about it you did have a pretty abrupt change of heart a couple of weeks ago. What made you realise that you love me all of a sudden? You never know. I guess we should just call it off, then. Thank God we found out in time. I don't know about you, but I'm curious to see how this experiment turns out. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
And I'm sure the gastrointestinal problems will go away as soon as our systems get used to his, er, gourmet touch. Ensigns don't invite captains to sit down. Because they don't. Captains don't want courtesy, they want respect. That's why they don't get chummy with the lower ranks. If she wants to sit with us, she'll ask us to join her. That's the way it's done. Captain. We're approaching the perimeter of the nebula. I'm showing mostly hydrogen, helium and hydroxyl radicals. Some local dust nodules. I don't see them giving us any trouble. Density has increased to forty two percent. Not sure. We seem to be drawing some interstellar dust toward us. Density still increasing. Up by seventy percent now. We're at a dead stop now. [Engineering] Acknowledged. Engaging thrusters. (They push through the barrier.) Captain, the breach we just make when we penetrated the field? It just closed behind us. [Mess Hall] Reversing course. We're not penetrating the energy barrier this time.  Barrier still holding. We need something else. I'll be riding the tail of our torpedo, Captain. I'm having trouble navigating through the energy currents. It's as thick as a Toarian ice storm out there. Dark enough for you? Get up, Harry. Something you've got to see. You'd be surprised the things you learn in prison. [Corridor] You could've changed roommates. Ah. Harry, in order to be reminded of something, you have to first Right. Nothing that's going to compare to that memory of your mother's womb. Computer, activate holodeck programme Paris three.  [Sandrine's] (A ship's horn sounds as they enter the holodeck, and a bell tolls. Nearby an accordion plays and a laughing alien walks out of a bar. Paris and Kim enter to the popular acclaim of a group at a pool table.) What do you think, Harry? This is where I spent most of my second semester at the Academy. I chose the Starfleet base outside of Marseilles for my physical training. I always had a thing about the French. Sandrine, this is my friend Harry Kim. Sandrine owns the place. It's been in her family over six hundred years. (A brunette speaks.) This is Ricky. I include her in all my holoprograms. French father, Daliwakan mother. I wouldn't have it any other way. Harry, this is France. Er, break open a bottle of that '46 Saint Emilion you save behind the bar for me. Harry, it's holographic wine. It doesn't give you acid. Try to get in the mood, huh? I learned a great deal that semester at the Academy, most of it right here. I found this place just after my pocket was picked walking by the harbour. Oh, they just do it for tourists. They give it back. Most of the time. You see that pool table, Harry? The table at Sandrine's at Marseilles has attracted the world's greatest hustlers throughout the centuries. I thought it might be fun to programme in some of the great players to shoot with. Gaunt Gary, Ames Pool Hall, New York City, 1953. They say that he hustled the great Willie Mosconi himself. Oh, he's not ready for you yet, Gary. Let me teach him a few tricks first. I'm not sure. Some old kind of Scandinavian currency. Come on. I'll rack them up, you pick out a cue. Harry, this is my idea of home. My little piece of Earth out here in the Delta Quadrant. What? Your shot, Harry. [Doctor's office] (Torres has put a sample into a centrifuge in Engineering and found the results interesting.) Er, Captain? (The EMH is waving his arms.) Approaching the perimeter. Impulse engines offline. Thrusters engaged. Density is already more than double what we encountered last time. Ambient density is dropping. I can see it. Coming about forty degrees. (Thump!)  Inertial dampers are offline. I'm losing control. Hold on! (Janeway is knocked to the floor and a crewman falls from the Engineering catwalk as Voyager is dragged along by threads of energy.)  Inertial dampers are still offline. Field processors coming back on-line. Inertial damping restored. Approximately seventy thousand kilometres from our former position. Deeper inside the creature than before. Yes, ma'am. No engines? We could get in one of those currents and surf back. Aye, Captain. We're on our way. Speed, all of two hundred KPH. (Neelix enters with a tray.) No. Captain? Aye, Captain. And how are we supposed to get the ship into the wound without getting the hell beat out of us again? That's sort of like asking a hurt dog not to bite you while you tend to its wounds. Yes, ma'am. I always had a dog. I'd feel better if I had twenty. Ten sounds good. Just tell me when. Forty thousand kilometres to the perimeter. Thirty thousand. We've cleared the central mass. Captain's Log, supplemental. We set out to augment our energy reserves and wound up depleting them by over twenty percent. As a result, we've set a new course for a planet fourteen light years away that Neelix says might have compatible energy sources to offer us. It is out of our way, but circumstances offer few alternatives. So much for raising spirits. [Turbolift] Easy, honey. I'm setting the Indian up for the big hustle. Yeah, that's exactly what he's supposed to think, too. (Janeway and Kim enter.) Er, yeah. It's just a little diversion, Captain. I'm sorry. If I had some kind of warning that you were coming Yeah. Why? Er, pool.
Well, that's up to the Captain. Yeah, can't we? Hey, Naomi, you want to take the helm? She'll be familiarising herself with the vessel. Here. Okay, first bring us up to one quarter impulse. Hit this control, then that one. Now, you think you can chart a course back to Voyager? Speaking of late, I'll make a deal with you. I'll explain to Sam why her daughter's two hours late for bedtime, if you start on the survey report. Have fun. [Astrometrics lab] Sure. Like? Really? That doesn't sound like her. The letters from home? I got one, too. Oh, I'll say. An old buddy of mine offered me a spot at the new test flight centre in Australia. Beautiful beaches, a chance to pilot the latest experimental ships. I can't believe it. Are you kidding? I've already written back and accepted the job. [Sickbay] Fifty three minutes. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Offline. Starfleet orders. Something about the wormhole interfering with the holographic systems. They didn't want to damage his programme. No can do. Not until we're on the other side. Believe it or not, I am capable of handling almost any medical problem you might have. [Corridor] Two thousand kilometres and closing. Goodbye, Delta Quadrant. By this time tomorrow it'll be Cardassians, Romulans, Ferengi.  Seven's tapping into the engine manifold. She's trying to shut down impulse drive. [Engineering]  Captain, we're at the threshold. It's just spatial turbulence. We're still in the Delta Quadrant. It's gone. I can't find it on sensors.
They said they wouldn't stop until they found a way to get us home. How can they get us home from sixty thousand light years away?  Not exactly what I expected. It looks ancient. A black hole? Can we take the ship any closer? Aye, sir. Yes, ma'am.(Janeway's letter reads - Kathryn Janeway from Mark Johnson. Dear Kathryn, I was just remembering about the birth of Mollie's puppies and how long ago that seemed. You should see how big they are now and how well they get along with my new kitten. Things at work are still crazy; the production schedule never seems to let up...however I do need to relate some rather difficult news...since you've been gone, it's been so difficult for me to assume... Janeway starts out smiling, but then it fades.) [Engineering] Oh yeah? What do you suppose this is, anyway? This mystery dish. It tastes vaguely like chicken, but it has the consistency of corn husks. Well, I don't like guessing at what I put in my stomach Not particularly. You know, it's really not that bad. He's not done yet. Hang on. Aren't you going to eat your lunch? You shouldn't get your hopes up, Harry. No hopes, no disappointments. For me? Who's it from? Maybe it's from the rehab colony, telling me I've violated probation. I just want to know who the letter's from, okay? I'll be on the bridge. I'm on duty. I just thought that I should be at my post. Just download the letter, okay? Admiral Owen Paris. It's my father. Yeah. Maybe. I don't know exactly why, but the more everybody gets excited about these letters from home, the more I don't want any part of it. Maybe because what I have on Voyager is so much better than anything I ever had back there. I just don't want the reminder. No, you don't know him. When he forms an opinion about something, nothing can change his mind. B'Elanna, that's awful. I am so sorry. And here I am going on about something that doesn't even matter anymore. (Paris hugs Torres.) Yeah. Yeah, I guess I still do. Captain, those ships have massive weapons. They've definitely got us outgunned. If we're not careful we might be pulled in as well. Understood. I'm ready with thrusters. Captain, they're firing. (Things go bang.) I need more power. We're being pulled in. It's not enough. We're going in. Just when I was getting eager to read it. I think I will. Captain's log, supplemental. Seven of Nine and Commander Tuvok suffered no serious physical damage after their encounter on the alien ship. I've been eager to hear Tuvok's impressions of the species who took them hostage. [Ready room]
Neelix, it's pizza. Bread, tomatoes, cheese So replicate the cheese. Thanks. There's a concentration of protomatter directly ahead. We're in range. The transporter beam ignited the protomatter. Shields are weakening. Shields are down.(Neelix' cylinder is filled with glowing green.) He's dead. No heart beat, no synaptic response, extensive cell damage to his brain. It won't work. His neural pathways were disrupted by the protomatter. It's too late for that. The damage was too severe. (Bang!) I knew we were too close to the protomatter. I should have said something. What are you saying? You can bring Neelix back to life? I say we let her try.  I've sealed the fractures in the shuttle nacelle. The rest of the repairs should be completed by morning. You might want to try the old glass and spoon approach. Excuse me. (Paris taps a spoon against a glass. The chattering stops.) A few days ago we almost lost a member of our family. I don't know about how the rest of you feel, but it scared the hell out of me. Neelix, you still don't know how to make a pizza, but I'm glad you're here.  It's all a lie. They lied to you. [Vision Quest - Naomi's bedroom]
Yes, ma'am. Who says crew performance reports have to be a chore? Now if we could just convince the Captain to start holding morning briefings in here. All right, Q, we'll bite. What do you want? Oh, I'll bet she loved that one. Look, Q, we've been told about your appearances on the Enterprise. We know your little visits usually turn out to be more than meet the eye. So save your broken heart routine, and tell us what you're really after. My advice would be to give up before you embarrass yourself anymore than you already have. Come on, Harry. We're not going to get a straight answer out of this guy. I can't. A subspace shock wave from the star is collapsing the warp field. It's no use, Captain. the shock wave is too fast for us. Warp drive is offline. Sir? We'll be reaching the imploding star in thirteen seconds. I still have time to change course.  Entering the star's corona in three seconds. (to Colonel Q) Put down the gun. (The female Q unties Q.) Captain, what should I do with him? Hold your fire! We're back on our original course.
I'm losing thrusters.  I've made a full sensor sweep. There's no sign of any more Borg vessels. Steady. Ease up a little on the thrusters. What do you say, you want a turn at the wheel? Just a little ion imbalance in the impulse drive. Nothing to worry about. I could, but we'd have to go back to Voyager and run diagnostics. If you two don't mind cutting your lesson a little short?
We just dropped out of warp. We were hit by some kind of shockwave. Checking. (Fwd navigational scan 307 goes blank.)PARIS: Hold on. I just lost all my sensor readings. The computer's What is it? Aye, sir. Ring a bell? A molecule? The Lantaru Sector. It's impossible to create a stable warp field there. You can only fly through it at sublight speeds. I was always told that was a natural phenomenon. You're saying it was caused by a single molecule of this stuff? Aye, Captain. The damage to subspace in this region is extreme. We won't be able to go to warp. Yes, ma'am. Less than four minutes, Captain. That'll take us right into the atmosphere.  [Bridge] With our shields down, we won't withstand the thermal reaction for more than a few seconds. Aye, sir. Nine thousand kilometres. Already on it. They're right on our tail. (A little later, looking at long range sensor scan 562.) Except those two ships behind us. Not for long. Ten, maybe fifteen minutes. But those ships will catch up to us before then. Commander, they're closing on us. Almost. Yes, sir. Out of range.
That's four. No. In chronological order. That leaves just one more. Can't remember? Ha! I got you. It's the er. Behold the wonder of the modern world. Borg photographic memory. We'll call this one a draw. That's when deep space meant the next star over. Me too. That long alone, I'd probably go a little batty. His cousin's an electric shaver. Well, they were a pretty ordinary bunch, salt of the earth type people. Farmers, mostly. Some planetary colonists. Ah, but there was one. He was a pilot. He flew the first orbital glider over the lower Martian plateau. What was her name? O'Donnel. I don't think so. Well, I know all the Mars projects from the 1970s on. Unmanned, Neelix, the gift.
Where are you going? You were doing great. You were in perfect position to deliver the death blow. All you had to do was follow through. Come on, let's try it again. I am not pushing you, I'm encouraging you. Try something new. This martial arts programme is the best work out I've ever had. No, it's more than that. Working with a bat'leth is an art. You have to use your mind and body, your movements Would you watch it? You could take somebody's head off with that thing. Look, if you don't like the programme, that's fine. But why do you always have to get so hostile? Paris to Bridge. We have an alien visitor on deck six. You're on a starship called Voyager. Where were you before? What's wrong? I went over our navigational charts with Dammar, but he's completely unfamiliar with this part of space. For all we know, that colony could be thousands of light years away. Could it have been some kind of spatial anomaly? Exactly. It's more like an idyllic version of Earth. As though it were created specifically for us. The Captain sent me down to get an update. Don't worry about it. Good. I'll tell the Captain. Er, about the programme. I didn't mean to push you. That says it, all right. And what is that supposed to mean? And why is that exactly? That's ridiculous. I am an easy-going person, who is just trying to be friendly to someone who is obviously terrified of having a friend. That's a good question. I think I'll stop wasting my time. (Paris leaves. The EMH presents his emitter for resetting. Elsewhere, Tuvok and Chakotay are working at a table.) B'Elanna, over here. (They open the door to a mountainous rain forest.) No, we've got to find the Captain and Tuvok. They might need our help.  Something's wrong with the phaser. We've got to get out of these tunnels. There must be somewhere to hide in one of these habitats. This is the last place they'd want to follow us. Let's hope it's worse for them than it is for us. We don't want to get too far away from the portal. Maybe we should find a place to hide. Here. I would have thought all that hot Klingon blood would have kept you warm. (Paris blows on her hands.) Really? I thought that was Cardassians. Better? B'Elanna! (Torres shoots the Nyrian.) Nice shot. Now let's get out of here before we freeze to death. [Control room] You have to keep moving. No, B'Elanna, get up. If you do that, you'll die. Oh no, I am not going to let you do this. On your feet now, Torres. That's an order. I am a bridge officer, and I have seniority. On your feet, now! Come on, you've been wanting to take a swing at me for days. Now's your chance. You will keep moving. Or do I have to throw you over my shoulder and carry you out? Beautiful. I guess they were. Yeah, it sure does. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I'm picking up a lot of plasmatic turbulence in there. It might be a bumpy ride.
 There's not much left of whatever it was. From the amount of debris I'd guess it was a small ship, no bigger than a shuttlecraft. Sorry. And what are we going to do with it once we find it? Yes, sir. [Engineering]  There's still a lot of distortion in the upper frequencies. Better. Now let's try filtering out the ion radiation. B'Elanna? You must be really worried about catching this thing. You were afraid he'd say no. Your voice? I don't blame you. You took a risk. You were thinking like a Maquis. That was a whole different life. You know, I've been surprised at how well you've been able to fit in here. A little envious too. Going on? How? Are they? People like who? Chakotay? The Lieutenant was unhappy that my conn. reports weren't punctuated properly, according to Starfleet protocol. I didn't like his attitude. We're in the Delta quadrant, nowhere near Starfleet. What difference? Yeah, he was right. I'm the one who's been wrong. Wrong about a lot of things. Why don't we try running a multi-phasic sweep? [Bridge] I'm on it. Paris to Janeway. The missile just took off. It's going into warp.  Engaging warp drive. It's increasing speed to warp nine. It's still on course for the planet at warp nine. Captain, it's maintaining course and speed. When a bomb starts talking about itself in the third person, I get worried. I'm not getting any response from the warp or impulse drives. Even the manoeuvring thrusters are out. Aye, Captain. Another group of fighters are starting an attack run. The Rakosan vessels are withdrawing, Captain. The starboard thrusters are a little sluggish. Ease into them. Captain, thanks for everything.
Propulsion is down. Nacelle controls deactivated. Ready to go. I don't know about the bacteria, but I'm about ready to pass out. I'll try.
Maybe the theorists were wrong. After all, they never had a chance to look at the real thing. Aye, Captain. No argument here. Right, Tuvok? I've got my hand on the controls. We'll be out of here before it even touches our shields. There she goes. (The strand flares, then vanishes in a big flash.) Aye, Captain. Lieutenant, you look absolutely More along the lines of smashing. Of course, nothing can quite measure up with this shirt. This is an exact recreation of a 1962 Big Daddy-O Surf Special, an American classic. Now that's where you're wrong. Vorik? I thought we were meeting Harry. Why not? With what? Harry and I will meet you and Vorik at the luau. Yes, I am. [Kim's quarters] (Kim is trying to meditate when the doorbell chimes.) Surf's up, Mister Kim. Harry, this is a luau. You look like you're dressed for a funeral. What are you doing? What for? Is something wrong? The resort woman? What was her name? Well, for two days now, every time I look for you it's always, he's in Holodeck one. And since you don't like hydrosailing, I figured something was going on. Tuvok? He told you to do all this? Retreat? A classic case of Vulcan denial, if you ask me. Come on, Harry. We have all fallen for a holodeck character. It happens. You deal with it by staying with your normal routine, not by hiding out in your quarters. Okay. Have fun. Computer, one Hawaiian shirt. Pineapple motif. [Holodeck - Luau] (Full luau mode, with Hawaiian guitar music, leis and grass skirts, and lit tiki torches. Tuvok is in his uniform.) Thanks. (They contain drinks.) Oh, me too. Let's find us a spot. This place is filling up fast. Good memory. Harry? Do you want to get something to eat or not? Harry. Okay. Okay. I'll see you tomorrow. (Kim leaves. The evening draws on. Almost everyone has left the holodeck.) Aye, Captain. (Beep.) Captain, propulsion is not responding. Course laid in. I don't understand it, Captain. More to the point, what is she? But what does that have to do with knocking propulsion offline? We're lucky. It's kind of creepy. Ah. You really know how to pick 'em, Tuvok. I'm not reading anything unusual on the holodeck. It seems to be working perfectly. B'Elanna! (A pair of big Polynesians fight Tuvok while a girl knocks down Paris. Tuvok wins, then encounters a forcefield.)
Maybe it could use a little more, er, fun. Yeah, right. Like this guy. He's so formal. Computer, give the waiter a more casual look. And have him serve Rekarri starbursts all around. Now, what we need around here are some more people. What sport would that be, exactly? No wonder your game's improved. Computer, access the cultural database and create musicians from Earth's Caribbean region. (A steel band starts playing.) Now this is relaxing. Save it for us, will you? Aye, Captain. Closing to within five thousand kilometres. Aye, Captain. (The alien ship goes KaBOOM.) I'm trying, but the shields around the shuttle have been altered. They're scattering the beam. It's too late. They've gone to warp. I can't find the shuttle's warp trail. There's no sign of them on long range sensors. Bridge to the Captain. We've located the missing shuttle.  They entered orbit, then dropped their shields and cut their engines. Well then, we'll have to find a way to knock out the grid.  Tuvok! (Paris zaps the forcefield generator.) No time for a tearful reunion. We've got to get you out of here. (A guard who is lying doggo grabs Paris' leg and they struggle for the phaser rifle. Paris wins that one, and Tuvok wins his fight with another guard by using a neck-pinch.) Some day you're going to have to show me how to do that. [Imperial Hall - Council Chamber]
I'm picking up sporocystian energy. Aye, Captain. (Zoom.) Captain, we're picking up an artificial structure on long range sensors. It appears to be a space station of some kind. We're approaching the station, Captain. I don't know. It's like the entire molecular structure of the ship is coming apart. Aye, sir. [Mess hall]
Our scans of the planet's surface and atmosphere don't show anything out of the ordinary. Yes, ma'am, but I'd recommend waiting until morning. The weather on the planet can get pretty nasty at night. Here you go. One prize-winning chrysanthemum, one garden-variety clematis, and last but not least, one symbiogenetic alien orchid. We've created a monster. Warp six point five. Commander?
I need more power to the thrusters If I'm going to outrun it. It's not enough. I can't keep ahead of this thing. Brace for impact! [Briefing room] TUVOK  Rumour has it there's a planetoid around here. How long till it hits us? Gives me thirty seconds to land this thing. Samantha, I don't mean to rush you. Bemonite. I want to land this shuttle, not bury it. Just keep us away from the volcanoes and we'll be okay. I'll take it. Tuvok, if you don't have something positive to say. Hang on! (Bang, thump, crunch!)PARIS: The Flyer has landed. (Tuvok is tending to an unconscious Wildman.) We made it. About three kilometres beneath the surface. At least our primary hull's still in one piece. You'll be all right. Minor concussion, a few fractures. Nothing I can't handle. You've got a punctured kidney, and you're bleeding internally. You need surgery. It's all this rock. Nice bedside manner, Tuvok. Sam, I'm going to give you a mild sedative and something for the pain. Any chance we could abandon the shuttle, make our way on foot? Nothing to do but sit back and enjoy the view. Captain's log, supplemental. We've weathered the ion storm and tracked the Delta Flyer to an M-class planetoid. [Bridge]  Ready, Tuvok? Cross your fingers. (Paris presses a control in a panel, and a console explodes.) Well, we'd better find another way to polarise this hull, or their sensors won't be able to pick us up. Comforting. Don't mind the computer. She's just jealous that I'm spending my I never thought it would come down to this. Suffocating beneath kilotons of rock on some nameless planetoid. I didn't envision dying at all. If that's another Vulcan saying, Tuvok, I'll stick with live
 Warp five. Warp six. Warp seven. I've reached critical velocity. Acknowledged. Engaging transwarp drive in four, three, two. Transwarp online. Warp nine point two, nine point three. My vector's drifting. Got it. Warp nine point six, nine point seven. I'm reading a fracture in the port nacelle pylon. Warp nine point nine, nine point nine five. I'm approaching the threshold, but the nacelle isn't holding! It's no use. I'm breaking up! I'm breaking [Holodeck] (Paris is sitting on the floor.) Great. Do you know anything about quantum warp theory or multi-spectral subspace engine design? Okay, okay. We'll tell you. We're trying to break the maximum warp barrier. It means that you would occupy every point in the universe simultaneously. In theory, you could go any place in the wink of an eye. Time and distance would have no meaning. (See Douglas Adams for further details.) We discovered a new form of dilithium in the asteroid field we surveyed last month. It remains stable at a much higher warp frequency. This is a very different problem. Wait a minute. What about the shuttle itself? Maybe we've been looking in the wrong place. What if the nacelles aren't being torn from the ship? What if the ship is being torn from the nacelles? And create a velocity differential. The fuselage would be travelling at a faster rate of speed than the nacelles. That's it! Neelix, you're a genius. (Paris and Kim leave.) I'll bring the shuttle up to speed. The second I cross the threshold, I'll cut the engines, drop out of warp and come about. I kind of like the way that sounds. Come in. Oh, Captain. I, er Can I get you anything? Now, why do I get the feeling this isn't just a social call? May I ask why? So? How big a chance? Two percent? I'll take that chance. Yeah, he's capable. That's not the point. Well, it's hard to explain, but this is my flight. When I was a boy, my father used to tell me that I was special, that one day I'd do something significant. My teachers at school, all the kids, everyone used to say, Tom Paris is going to do something important when he grows up. Obviously, that didn't happen. Captain, this is the first time in ten years I feel I have a life to risk. Captain, I've never been so sure about anything. Please. Please let me make the flight. Aye, Captain. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane]  See you at warp ten. (The shuttlecraft flies off and enters warp.) Cochrane to Voyager. All systems are nominal. I'm increasing speed. Warp seven [Engineering] PARIS Warp nine.  Acknowledged. Engaging transwarp drive in four, three, two [Bridge] PARIS Warp nine point nine five.  Engine output at maximum. Velocity, warp ten. (The shaking stops.) [Bridge] Transwarp engines are stable. So are the nacelle pylons. I'm going to I'm back. Oh, yeah. I was, I was staring at the velocity indicator. It said warp ten. And then, as I watched it, I suddenly realised that I was watching myself as well. I could see the outside of the shuttle, I could see Voyager, I could see inside Voyager. I could see inside this room. For a moment, I was everywhere. I mean, everywhere, Captain. With the Kazon, back home, with the Klingons, other galaxies. It was all there. I don't know how else to explain it. It was like. Well, no, it wasn't like anything. I saw that you were looking for me, so I took the new engines offline and ended up back where I started. But, oh, it's starting to slip away. It all was so vivid, and now (Torres enters.) Oh, I'm fine. How's the shuttle? We should download the shuttle's sensor logs, analyse the telemetry they picked up during the flight before we make another attempt. You may proceed. What? Oh! Oh, thanks. That's very flattering. I wish I could say it was nothing. Oh. Oh, I wish Neelix would name something after me that tasted a little better. No, trust me. You're taking your life into your hands. So, I think the next step is to try to duplicate the first shuttle flight, verify our results. But I do think that we should increase the shuttle's memory core by at least (Paris looks a little sick.) I don't think that coffee is settling too well. No! No, I've seen enough of the Doctor for one day. Ow! On second thought, maybe I should (Paris tries to stand up, and collapses. Veins are standing out on his temples.) You're losing me, aren't you? I'm going to die. Here lies Thomas Eugene Paris, beloved mutant. Great. Now it'll read, beloved radioactive mutant. Big funeral with lots of pretty girls all crying. Except Torres. Torres doesn't cry. Did you ever notice that? I don't trust people who don't cry. Of course, my father, he'd say crying is a sign of weakness. I never believed that. Do you cry? Shame. You know, it's funny. What I remember most about being a kid are the times I spent in my room crying. I liked my room, though. It was quiet in there. People would leave me alone. I'd keep the door locked, read, play games. I lost my virginity in that room. Seventeen. Parents were away for the weekend. Ow! Pepperoni! God, I'd love a pepperoni pizza with Kavarian olives right now. I'm starving! Kiss me. Not you. Her. Consider it a last request. Oh, what's the difference? I'm dying anyway. Do me a favour. When I'm gone, call Starfleet Headquarters and tell Dad that I did it. Tell him What's happening? What? Pretty disgusting, huh? Like a lab experiment gone wrong. Why? Why? What I'm becoming will probably be better than who I was. Oh, yes, it is. Admit it. Part of you will be glad to see me gone. I'm the Maquis traitor who sits on your Bridge and insults your uniform, remember? No, you're not. You're trying to take this away from me. What I'm becoming. How do you know this isn't good for me? How do you know this isn't the best thing that's ever happened to me? You're lying. Just like him. Just like everyone around here. Always lying. Always telling me that I'm doing a good job, that you're glad I'm on this ship. But none of that's true. Why can't you just say it? You're jealous that I broke the transwarp barrier, and now you're hoping I'll die! Wait, Captain. I'm sorry. Please come back. I know you're doing what you can. It's just, I'm scared. I didn't mean to lash out at you. I know you are. And I know you'll fail! (Paris bounces off a forcefield.) You know, I used to look up to you. But now you seem so small, so insignificant. You don't even know what, what, what (He coughs out his tongue. Later -) Doctor! (Paris is sitting on the floor, holding his feet.) I need to talk. Urgent. Yes, urgent. Let me out of here. Please. I can't stay here. I have to get off this ship. I understand. It's all so clear now. The present, the past, they're both in the future. The future is in the past. Listen to me! I am more. I'm everything. Let me go. I can't! Please. Please! Captain, er Captain, I'm sorry. I, I don't know what to say, except I don't remember very much about, er, you know Thank you, Captain. I don't know. I guess this whole experience has left me feeling a little overwhelmed. Flying at warp ten, evolving into a new life form, mating, having alien offspring. Breaking the threshold. It was incredible. But somehow it doesn't mean as much as I thought it would. I guess I went into this looking for a quick fix. I thought making history would change things. Not just my service record, my reputation. Yeah. But I'm starting to realise that it's not other people's opinions I should be worried about. It's mine. It seems, Captain, that I still have a few barriers to break. I just hope they're not theoretical impossibilities.
This is ridiculous. It's been seven hours. How long does it take to deliver a baby? There's a large plasma drift bearing four zero mark seven. It extends almost half the length of this sector. Interference from the plasma should block us from their sensors.  We're clearing the Vidiian system, Captain. What the hell? Captain, the warp engines just stalled. Impulse engines aren't responding. Manoeuvring thrusters are out too. Are you all right, Captain? It's more than a scratch. Maybe you should go to Right. If it is true, what do we do about it? I'll let the Doctor know he'll have to rely on his back up power supply.  We've got a perimeter alert. A vessel is approaching, bearing zero zero five mark three one eight. They've just dropped out of warp. They're Vidiian, sir. [Voyager 2 - Bridge] (Kim nods.)
Helm control is offline. I'm trying, Captain, but we seem to be caught in some kind of graviton distortion. We're being pulled in too. (The two ships fall into the rift. After some shaking and a white-out, in which everyone loses consciousness, they awake in normal space.) Home. Captain, they had surveillance satellites during this time. That's right. Simple. Nice clothes, fast car and lots of money. [Los Angeles - beach - Santa Monica] (A guy on a skateboard wearing a massive boombox around his neck knocks over a street vendor's wares. Other people are on motor scooters or stilts. The away team watch from the railing of the upper level.) Let's head up to the board walk. Ah, the sun feels great. Lighten up, Tuvok. This was a great time and place and you're getting to see it first hand. Come on, take off your shirt. Oh, Vulcans. Deep down you're all a bunch of hypochondriacs. (Elsewhere on the beach.) Nobody walks in Los Angeles and they don't have much of a public transportation system. We're going to need some wheels. See you later. [Alleyway - Braxton's home] (The shack has The End of the Future painted on the wall nearby.) Nobody's around, Tuvok. We're fine. We haven't stolen anything. We borrowed a car. And we'll return it to the dealership as soon as we're done. Somehow I doubt that taking a test drive is going to alter the course of the universe. [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory]  Over here. These are radio wave readouts. It looks like radio telescope transmissions. Pretty basic. Tuvok! They've found us all right. The orbital schematic matches Voyager's position. Nobody in this century even knows what warp emission are. I'm sorry, I think we're a little lost. We were on the museum tour and we took a wrong turn at the Saturn exhibit. This lab is er, pretty groovy. What do you do here? For what? My name is Tom Paris, by the way. Your curves don't look so great. This is a Fourier spectral analysis? You know, you might get better resolution if you adjust your amplitude parameters. Or you might try using a theta band filter. I majored in astrophysics. Starfleet Academy. East coast school. (He goes to one of her movie posters.) Orgy of the Walking Dead? That's a classic! Did you see the sequel, Bride of the Corpse? Something like that. Yeah, right. Got to go. Yeah, great, but I think we're busy on Tuesday. Thanks anyway. (They leave.) Good. I hope she doesn't get in any trouble. It's a shame, though. She was about to make the biggest discovery in human history. It could have changed her career. Red alert! Look, I don't have time to explain. Get down! (The borrowed pickup is atomised. Tuvok returns fire.) Do you have a car? That means we can't call the, our friends. What do we do now? I told you, we're secret agents. Look, we saved your life. Isn't it obvious we're on your side? Rain, you're not going to scream! I know you're frightened and you've seen some pretty strange things, but you have to trust me! We're not going to hurt you and I will explain everything. It's either that or take your chances with the guy who tried to vaporise you. It's a Soviet spy satellite. Part of a massive KGB operation. We're trying to stop it. That's what they'd like you to think. He's very sensitive about them. That's exactly what happened. Classified. Rain, you're fantasising. I apologise. Would you also accept that there are lives at stake here? The more you keep asking me questions, the more difficult you make things. For everybody. So, why'd you become an astronomer? I think so. These things are kind of crude. So much for sending a locator signal. The radio dish at the Observatory. We could use the same set up Well? What do you mean?  Paris to Chakotay. [Shuttlecraft] Starling's arrived, with the Doctor. I don't know. Are you within range? He's heading in the wrong direction. They're not going to the van. We're recalibrating Starling's position. You're going to have to take him out of his own car. Now, Chakotay! [Shuttlecraft]  Are you all right? Rain, I'm sorry you got dragged into all this. (The cellphone rings.) I told you, I can't talk about it. Whatever. Not that I can recall. Is that so unusual?  I guess this is goodbye. I can't. Absolutely not. Just very busy. Saturn. Rain. (The tricorder beeps.) Tachyon emissions. (A big truck is leaving the area.) They're moving the timeship. You wouldn't mind hanging with me for a while longer, huh? [Cellar] POLICE We just turned off the main highway [Arizona - Rain's Camper van]  Onto a desert road.  It could be his launch site.  I'll do my best. Paris out. (Dunbar, who is driving the truck, makes a left turn and fires his phaser out of the window.) Look out! (Paris grabs the wheel and they swerve, then follow.) Get in behind him. Right off his bumper. Little closer. One more metre! It's flooded. Give it a second. I think so. (The truck is heading back towards them over a crest in the road.) Jump! (They do, then the shuttlecraft arrives and phasers the truck.) [Shuttlecraft]  We're fine. Good shooting. [Shuttlecraft]  Acknowledged. I've never met anyone quite like you, and I don't think I ever will. I will. (Paris kisses Rain goodbye.) [Timeship] Aye, sir. [Timeship] Then what are you doing here? Aye, Captain. Captain's log, stardate 50312.5. We are again in the Delta Quadrant, at the exact time and place we first encountered the timeship. I've resumed a course for Earth and I've ordered the crew to the Mess Hall for a toast. [Mess hall] Hear, hear. You should have seen it when the parking enforcement officer came over to the van. Tuvok tried to use pure Vulcan logic to talk her out of giving us a citation. Of course not! Tuvok, has anyone ever told you you're a real freakosaurus. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Paris to Torres. Can you pull yourself away from engineering for a few minutes? I've got a shuttle down here with faulty deflector array. It's kind of urgent. [Shuttlecraft] (In the shuttlebay. Paris is wearing a very brightly patterned shirt, and unpacking a picnic.) Well, I thought you'd enjoy a romantic lunch under the glow of a red giant. With extra paprika, just the way you like it. Sure you can. I've already cleared it with Chakotay. You know, this might be our last chance to be alone for the next eighteen years. (In between kisses.) Oh? Are we calling each other by our rank now? Oh, sorry. Well, I thought since you didn't have time for lunch under the stars, maybe you'd settle for the glow of the warp core. Well, I'm sure the baby is famished. (He unveils a tray of Southern Fried Chicken.) One drumstick isn't going to kill you. Besides, I won't tell the Doctor if you won't. All right, nineteen hours. But if you're not there, I'm sending security after you. Sweetheart? Well, aren't you getting affectionate in your third I'm not reading him. He must've masked his signature somehow. Acknowledged. [Engineering] Paris to Torres. I'm picking up the Doctor's emitter in your section. Right next to the warp core. (EMH-Chakotay traps Torres behind a forcefield.)  Tuvok, we just lost main power [Corridor] PARIS  Tuvok, someone's launching the Flyer. [Corridor] PARIS I could be wrong but, it looks like a warp signature.  I'm detecting a human lifesign aboard. And a holographic signature. We still have the element of surprise. [Overlooker's ship] Acknowledged. [Overlooker's ship] (A console explodes and Janeway is knocked out. The EMH returns to his usual matrix and attacks Zet.) How is he? Doc, anything else you'd like to confess? Captain's log, stardate 54912.4. Lieutenant Torres has restored our warp drive in less than a week. The Doctor's dignity, however, might take a little longer. He hasn't left Sickbay once since he returned to the ship. [Medical lab]
 Captain, I don't think we're alone. Mister Tuvok, run a lateral EM scan for me. Coordinates eight one mark four zero. It's like a reflection, something in low orbit when it moves into a certain angle from the sun. Nothing showing up, Captain. New heading entered. Paris to Captain Janeway. Please report to the Bridge. [Bridge]  Captain, another Kazon ship is approaching, trying to hail the disabled ship. They're not within visual range yet. At their current speed, four hours twenty minutes. Should I tell them we're here? Friendly sort. [Sickbay] (Janeway and Tuvok enter with Culluh and his escort.)  Bridge to Janeway. The Kazon ship [Sickbay] PARIS I've also got two Kazon warships on an intercept course less than ten minutes away. Awaiting your instructions, Captain. Yes, ma'am.
Me, too. I even built a model of the probe. Just four years after Zefram Cochrane tested his first warp engine. Moving on. Trying to impress the Starfleet brass? Confirmed. Good job, Harry. [Astrometrics lab] An inoculation a day keeps the radiation away. I took a look at those atmospheric readings. Thermal eddies, gravimetric sheer. You're going to need your best pilot. If the Doc can spare me. You are not going on this mission. He's already got one. Will you excuse us? Then try the holodeck. The Flyer is full. He's not six months pregnant. No, it doesn't. But there's a toxic atmosphere down there and you're breathing for two. It's a deal. [Delta Flyer]  Sorry for the bumpy ride. We'll be clearing the stratosphere in about a minute. Hang on. (Below the clouds, buildings and roads are visible.) Yes, sir. I should have brought a holo-camera so I could show B'Elanna she's not missing anything. Can you believe she actually wanted to come with us? And she's not half Klingon. Maybe it's us. Something about fatherhood seems to regress the male psyche a few thousand years. (His tricorder beeps. He turns and picks up small round object.) It's a toy, like a music box. Souvenir. (Paris turns off the music and gives it to Neelix, who puts it in his satchel. They walk on.)KIM: Commander, I'm detecting an antimatter signature ahead. (They look down on large round structures set into the ground. Each has a hatch which slides open.) Paris to Chakotay. Over here. Some kind of control room, or laboratory. Lots of diagnostic equipment. Looks like it was salvaged from a junk heap. This is what we came for. Start setting up the transport enhancers. Paris to Chakotay. We found the probe. Well, pieces of it, anyway. I'm Lieutenant Tom Paris. We're from the Federation starship Voyager. They're transport enhancers. We were going to use them to retrieve our probe. When's your baby due? My wife's pregnant, too. We're expecting a little girl in a couple of months. We have technology that allows us to examine the foetus. She has my eyes and her mother's cranial ridges. Is this your first? Oh? Boys? Girls? What are their names? I'm sorry. No, I'm just a medic. But we have the best doctor in the quadrant back on Voyager. He might be able to help. Our inoculations must be wearing off. They're no substitute for an environmental suit. Hello. It's all right. We're not going to hurt you. What's your name? Mine's Tom. This is Joe, and Neelix. Neelix, where's our souvenir? Excuse me. We'd like to give her something. It's in the equipment bag. It's a toy. (Brin fetches the globe. Paris turns the music on and gives it to Yun.) So much for making friends. What are you doing? Why are you helping us?  Doesn't seem fair, does it. My daughter, she'll have food medical care, everything she needs. I think so. But I'll need my med kit. [Cave entrance]  I'm losing the heartbeat. Speeding up the contractions. (He gives Brin a hypo.) I've got him! He's not breathing. Cardiostimulator. Three millijoules, now. [Planet surface]  Increase the charge to five millijoules. Again. I'm reading a We need to get him to Voyager. Doc? Your baby won't survive without treatment. I promise we'll bring him back. I will. (Paris joins the others inside the enhancers.)  Captain, once the baby's back in that environment, he's just going to get sick again. I'm not suggesting that. You told those people that we might be able to neutralise the radiation. Was that true? Captain, it was one man who killed Carey. If you saw how they were living, how desperate they are. I'm not saying we should ignore what happened, but humans did play a part in their suffering. We're ten thousand metres into the troposphere.
Never too early to train those synapses, eh, Tuvok? Let me see that. I love a good puzzle.  That was strange. I wish I could. Long range sensors picked up an energy discharge, but now it's gone. There. There's another one. Not a clue. What's wrong, Seven? No baby showers in the Collective? It was an energy discharge, two hundred thousand kilometres starboard. Another one, five million kilometres to port. Sorry, Captain. There wasn't enough time. Hull fracture, deck twelve.  Acknowledged.  Nothing there. [Astrometrics lab] I can see them. Two warheads are about to emerge. Adjusting course. Impact in five, four, three, two. (The shockwave washes over Voyager as she meets it head on.)PARIS: Shields are holding. With pleasure. (Voyager goes to warp.)PARIS: I'm detecting another subspace warhead. Twelve million kilometres, closing from astern. It's on a totally different trajectory. It's matching our course. Eight million kilometres. Five million kilometres. Two million kilometres.  One million kilometres.  Eight hundred thousand. (Janeway nods to Tuvok.)  Five hundred thousand. Four [Astrometrics lab] PARIS
Sounds like it could have been a space station. Maybe somebody in this part of space has weapons that don't leave a traditional signature. Yes, ma'am. [Sickbay] (Fashion note - Torres is sporting a single small plait by the left side of her face for this episode.)  Captain, the particle wave we've been following is beginning to thin out. I don't have engines. Wait a minute. (The anomaly passes.) We've got propulsion systems back online. I think I can put some distance between us and whatever that was. Isn't this the fourth day in a row we've had the same casserole? Well, you did a great job with it, no question. It's just be nice to have a little variety. Ah. I'm out of rations. A beautiful woman should never have to eat alone. What are you reading? Women Warriors at the River of Blood? Rork turned his fierce eye upon her, and B'Neah felt her heart begin to quicken, even as her hand went to her dagger. She had intended to plunge it into his throat, but something about him made her hesitate. B'Elanna, is this a Klingon Romance novel? I think I'll read it. Maybe it'll give me some ideas how to make your heart quicken. Well, that depends what you mean by technical. I think that definition works. How's it going? It's hard to imagine the Doctor with children. (The ship shakes.) I can try. Sorry about that. Just trying to find a way to ride the graviton waves it's throwing off. There, that's a little better. We're in as good a position as we're going to be. Actually, this is kind of fun. (Torres picks herself up off the deck.) We lost it. What if I took a shuttle out? The energy emissions would be a lot lower. Yes, ma'am. I'll head to the shuttlebay as soon as I'm done. [Sickbay] That's all right, Doc. I don't think I'll be out there too long. You know me too well. That was me. How's the family, Doc? I hear they're a real handful. You make it sound like you're treating a sick patient. I'm not sure you can diagnose and cure a family. Thanks, Doc. [Holodeck - Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho] (The place is neat again.) Loud and clear, Captain. I'm about three thousand kilometres from the eddy. As soon as it dissipates [Bridge] PARIS That's good. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane]  I'm beginning to wish I hadn't had that second helping of French toast [Bridge] PARIS I'm ready. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane]  I'm in position, Captain. Activating the Bussard collectors. It's working. [Bridge] PARIS I'm going. (But the shuttlecraft gets sucked towards the centre of the eddy instead.) [Bridge]  It's pulling me in! I don't have enough power! [Bridge] I can't hear you, Captain. There's a lot of plasma interference. I can't clean it up. I can hear you. Is that better?  Captain, I wish I could tell you. (It looks like a more benign version of the Badlands.) [Doctor's office] Loud and clear, Captain. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane]  I've been analysing the shuttle's sensor readings, and as nearly as I can figure, I'm in the interfold layer that we talked about [Bridge] PARIS Harry was right. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane]  This looks like the spawning ground for the astral eddies. [Bridge] PARIS  Well, I've been giving that some careful thought, Captain, and it seems to me the only way to get out is the same way that I got in. [Bridge] Exactly. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane]  I've been watching one that seems about ready to erupt into normal space. [Bridge] PARIS  I don't see that there's much choice. So far so good, Captain. I'm almost inside the eye. I think this one is just about big enough to enter normal space. [Bridge] Captain?  I think you should get Voyager away from here. [Bridge] This one's turning out [Shuttlecraft Cochrane]  To be a whopper. The biggest one we've seen by far. I don't think you should put the ship in danger. [Bridge]  I'm going to try to get out of this. (Instead, the console explodes and Paris is thrown to the deck.) [Bridge]  It'd better be soon. The hull is beginning to buckle. [Bridge] It was worth it, though. That was one wild ride. Doc. Are you all right? I'm so sorry. Maybe you should think about that, Doc. I guess all of us would avoid that kind of pain if we could, but most people don't have that choice. Is it so fortunate? You created that programme so you could experience what it's like to have a family. The good times and the bad. You can't have one without the other. Well, think about what's happened to us here on Voyager. Everyone left people behind, and everyone suffered a loss, but look how it's brought us all closer together. We found support here, and friendship, and we've become a family in part because of the pain we shared. If you turn your back on this programme, you'll always be stuck at this point. You'll never have the chance to say goodbye to your daughter, or to be there for your wife and son when they need you. And you'll be cheating yourself of the chance to have their love and support. In the long run, you'll miss the whole point of what it means to have a family. [Holodeck]
Doc! (Paris is going bald.) I've been busy. I'll make sure to get your input before I send it off to my publisher. Aren't you going to introduce me to your date? You're married? Well, congratulations. My invitation must have gotten lost in subspace.. Joe? It took you thirty three years to come up with Joe? Oh. Oh, so you're not a Are you kidding? I think it's great. I'm in a mixed marriage myself, remember? I'm sleeping. For what? Paris to (Paris realises he doesn't have his comm. badge on. He grabs it from the window ledge behind the bed.) Paris to Sickbay, it's time. Affirmative. What about B'Elanna? Right, of course. Maybe we should take the transporter. Hey, wait for me! [Sickbay] What do you mean by hmm? Again? Can't you induce? If this keeps happening, we'll never get any sleep. Who knows, Harry? It might take us right into your parents' living room.  Maybe Chell should add Nebula Soup to his menu. Whatever it is, it's too close. How could they not have seen us? We came within ten metres of their hull. No plans. Why? Did you reserve some holodeck time? This is your idea of fun? : We might as well just hand it over to the Borg. Nice try. I don't want her to approve it. I left it in that nebula and I'm not going back for it. I am home, Harry. (Paris enters a turbolift. Kim stops the doors closing.) Captain Proton doesn't have a wife, and a baby on the way. [Astrometrics lab] B'Elanna. Is there something wrong with the pilot requesting a systems report from the Chief Engineer? Okay, you caught me. I'm checking up on you. Your back? Well, I would offer to give you a massage, but then everybody would want one. So how's it going? Well, you don't seem too happy about that. That wouldn't be so bad, would it? You would have to take him offline to keep him away. Well, we could always stay with my parents for a while. You're right. Bad idea. Not a chance. (He kisses her.) [Bridge] (Voyager arrives at the nebula.) Captain? Aye, Captain. [Astrometrics lab] (The armour is gone.) To the journey. Tell me this isn't another false alarm. I can't believe it. I might actually win. The baby pool. I picked today, fifteen hundred hours. Captain, I'm afraid But On my way, Captain. (He kisses Torres, strokes her belly and leaves.) Aye, Captain. [Borg Queen's chamber] BORG What the hell is it? I can't stay ahead of them, Captain. Yes, ma'am. [Starfleet Command] (Starfleet vessels are gathering, including a Galaxy class.) Right where we expect it to be. Cease fire. (Voyager flies out of the debris.) [Bridge] Yes, ma'am.
The Doctor's right. Let him do his work. Kes, it's me, Tom. Your husband. How long? If the Doctor has a way to keep your mother with us, even for one more day, we have to let him try. Happy birthday, sweetheart. Is that symptomatic of the morilogium? Don't worry, we'll get to the bottom of this. It's almost as if you're experiencing events in reverse. Well, you've demonstrated some pretty extraordinary mental powers over the years. Telepathy, telekinesis. We'll do everything we can to help you. Hi. How's it coming? Well, we've tried every kind of temporal scan Harry could think of, but we still haven't been able to find anything to explain what's been happening to you. Your initial physical exam. I remember when you came on board. I had a crush on you right from the beginning. I tried to hide it, but Neelix sensed it and boy, was he ever jealous. You don't remember? You and he were involved for quite a while. One of your prenatal exams. We listened to Linnis' heartbeat. That was quite a day. That was the beginning of the Year of Hell. That's what some of us call it now. We were under virtually constant attack by a race called the Krenim. The ship almost didn't make it. The Doctor was offline for months, and we lost a lot of good people. Captain Janeway, Joe Carey, B'Elanna. I keep forgetting that you don't remember any of them. B'Elanna was someone who was very special to me. When she died, I felt like I wanted to die too, but you, you helped me through it. (Kes recoils from his caress.) I'm sorry. You don't remember any of our life together? Well, that's all right. I've got enough feelings for both of us. You were asking about the radiation poisoning. A lot of us were exposed. During the first Krenim attack one of the chroniton torpedo fragments leaked radiation into the ship. They were able to penetrate our shields because their torpedoes were in a constant state of temporal flux. Wait a minute. Think we may be onto something. We'd better go talk to the Doctor. Come on. [Corridor] Exactly. A lot better than it does to have you for a son-in-law. The date? But Kes was inoculated along with the rest of the crew over three years ago. Why? Would you two mind explaining? Let me get one thing straight, Doc. Is it possible if this keeps happening to Kes that she might actually jump back into a time before she knew any of us? I thought maybe you could use some company. Doctor Van Gogh? I thought you settled on Mozart. Well, Vincent, how about letting me inside this thing? Okay then, how about another installment of Tom and Kes, the Early Years? Well, there was our wedding reception. Harry was my best man. He got so nervous when he stood up to give the toast that he spilt champagne all over my dress uniform. At the time, I thought that was the happiest day of my life, but every day it just got better and better. What's that? Kes? Do something! [Shuttlecraft - 2374] (Kes is standing up, holding onto a crossmember and panting hard.) The sac is opening. What do you mean, what's happening? You're having a baby. Hold still. Exactly where I told you not to be, on a shuttlecraft. Well, that'd be nice if he were still around. I told you you were in no condition to come on a supply mission, but did you listen to me? I can see the toes, it's coming. Yes! It's a girl! Ah, she's beautiful. Yes, just like her mother. I love you, Kes. Just a minute. Voyager's under attack. [Corridor] Thanks, but it looks like the celebration'll have to wait. What? When did I tell you that? You'll have to tell me later. I've got to get to the weapons array. Neelix, get her to lie down, will you? Neelix told us what's been happening to you, Kes. How are you holding up? The Doctor? Eventually may be too late. We've got to help Kes now. We've got to do something to help her. I'll get you a blanket. Hey, Kes, some party, huh? Something wrong? B'Elanna! Aye, sir. I wish I could believe you. Thanks. Yeah, Kes. Tell us what you know. Thank you. You know what? Don't tell me. I don't want to know. I like a little mystery in my life.
Come in. Neelix! How's it going? Not good, it looks like. What's wrong? Good news travels fast, I guess. Yeah, I figured there was quite a bit more opportunity for advancement on a Talaxian convoy than there was on the only Starfleet ship in the quadrant. Truthfully? About a minute and a half after I set foot on this ship a year ago. I knew it was a mistake to try to fit into Starfleet again, and I should have listened to myself. A few more months in that rehab colony would have been a hell of a lot better than being here. Neelix, no. This isn't about anybody except me. I've done this to myself, just like always. No matter where I go or who I'm with, I make a mess of things. The unmistakable conclusion has to be that deep down, I don't want any friends, or a family, or a home. Otherwise, I wouldn't keep sabotaging the possibilities. I tried. Or maybe I just told myself I was trying. I'm not sure. Either way, it's just not working. Frankly, I'd like to get out before I completely destroy my image. There might actually be one or two people who still have a good opinion of me. Well, I thank you. But the truth is, I've always considered myself a drifter. You know what that's like, Neelix. Freedom to do what you want, when you want. No rules to follow, nobody depending on you, right? (Neelix hugs Paris.) [Mess hall] EMH [on Hello, Seska. You're looking radiantly maternal. I wouldn't know. It's not sudden. I never really fit in there. No. No, it was me trying very hard to be someone I finally couldn't be. I can assure you the feeling is mutual. Is that why you kidnapped me and dragged me here, so we could be pals now? And if it doesn't? What exactly would that mean? It seems to me like you're already getting a lot of valuable information about Voyager from somewhere. No. Lieutenant Paris is in fact part of our plan. Clever plan, Seska, leading Voyager into an ambush. But even so, this ship will be outmanned and outgunned. Thanks for the hospitality. (Paris runs out into the corridor.) Paris to Voyager. Paris to Voyager! Do you read me yet? Paris to Voyager! [Bridge] PARIS  Captain, change your course immediately. The Kazon have ground troops waiting for you on [Bridge] PARIS I can take care of myself. [Bridge] PARIS I'm here, Captain! Captain, the spy, it's Michael Jonas. [Bridge] PARIS  The shuttle hull is starting to breach. It might not make it, Captain. [Engineering]  And fortunately I was able to steal one of the Kazon shuttles and escape. I'd like to say something more, if I might. Er, I know that I've been acting like a jerk for the last couple of months. Unfortunately, I had to behave that way if the spy was going to believe that I really wanted to leave the ship. So, I'd like to apologise to anyone that I might have offended. Especially Commander Chakotay. I gave him a pretty hard time. Not that it wasn't a certain amount of fun, mind you.
Did I pass? You're right. I forgot. Correct me if I'm wrong, Doc, but we haven't been treating anything more serious than an ingrown toenail. If it's any consolation, I have spent most of the morning immersed in a complicated surgical procedure. A classic case of atrophied shocks. They needed to be extracted to prevent chrome abrasion. It was touch and go for a while, but the prognosis is excellent. Take a look at this, Doc. This is a fully stock 1969 Chevy I guess I should have known this wouldn't interest you. It's too much fun. Oh, I do. I'll be there. Soon. I'm on my way. [Bridge] Captain, it looks like that ship is being powered by a coaxial warp drive. It's a hypothetical propulsion system. Starfleet engineers have been dreaming about it for years. In theory, it can literally fold the fabric of space allowing a ship to travel instantaneously across huge distances. (Whumph! Energy plays over the alien ship.) In theory, a coaxial drive explosion could collapse space within a radius of a billion kilometres. In theory. That ship's about had it, Captain. The coaxial core is breaching. We can't just leave him like this. Or maybe he's unconscious. We've got to do something. A symmetric warp field. That should contain any instabilities in his space-folding core. Advanced subspace geometry. It's the one course at the academy where I actually paid attention. We'll tractor him in to kill his momentum, generate a warp field around his ship. Captain, I can make this work. Passing through the residual folds in space. Steady. Got him! My pleasure. I'd like to ask you a favour. I need a change of pace. I'd like to help Steth repair his ship. What do you mean? I was a little busy this morning. Saving someone's life, as I recall. Nothing is wrong. Since when is not wanting to spend time with the Doctor a capital offence? You'd have to throw the whole crew in the brig for that one. Like I said, I think I need a change of pace. I won't. With your permission, I'll report to Sickbay. And? When I was sixteen, I followed an ancient human custom. I took my father's shuttle out for a joy ride, and proceeded to fry all the relays. (Benind his back, Steth turns into a woman, then back to a man again.) Actually he didn't. As far as I know, it's still at the bottom of Lake Tahoe. And this is what makes folding space possible? Yeah, I guess so. I'd love to do that. It sounds very exciting. But I have responsibilities here. People who count on me. B'Elanna would be furious. B'Elanna. I have to go. [Mess hall]  So, you started without me. Sorry. I was helping Steth repair his ship. Pretty slow. We're both stuck on how to prevent the particle overloads in his propulsion system. Yeah, that's the first thing we tried. I don't know. Ah. I, er, I probably should go help Steth. Why are you interrogating me? It sounds more like you want me to account for every minute that I'm not with you. Can't I have some time to myself? Can't I do what I want without having to report every detail of it to you? I am not hiding anything. That is ridiculous. The Dancing Girls of Ninipia Prime. It's very entertaining, You're overreacting. I'm really not hungry. If you can carry on an adult conversation without all the histrionics  So I was lying in bed last night when it hit me. What you need is a carburettor. Yes. It's a device that's hundreds of years old. I can't believe I didn't think of it yesterday. It all goes back to basics. You would be surprised at how often I find solutions to twenty fourth century problems in twentieth century technology. Computer, access Paris programme alpha one, Grease Monkey. Mechanic lingo. [Holodeck - Grease Monkey programme] Exactly! And a spare polaric modulator from Voyager's impulse drive should do the trick. Well, we can run a few simulations on the holodeck before we actually try it. You can thank my lucky toolbox. It's gotten me out of hot water more than once. Yeah. It's great. Of course I'm happy. I'm very happy. I mean, I pilot one of the most advanced ships in Starfleet, I have a beautiful girlfriend, I'm respected. I have everything that I've ever wanted. I remember those days. I used to be a lot like you. Going anywhere, doing whatever I wanted, making my own rules. (Paris refits the carburetter. Steth becomes female behind his back, but the voice stays the same.) Sometimes I wish that's what I was doing.  (Paris stands, and Steth is back to male.) Yeah, I suppose. Just give me five more minutes to finish up here and I'll be right with you.  Everything here looks good. Just give me one more second to check the flow field parameters. It's my box wrench. I've been looking all over for this. To check your new carburettor? Believe me, I'm just as happy to be back to the old Tom Paris. It's more than just a garage. This is a monument to hundreds and hundreds of hours that I probably should have spent with you. Definitely. Well, consider it a symbolic gesture. It's my less than subtle attempt to let you in. It's a mint condition 1969 Camaro. And yes, you mean a lot more to me.(They get into the car, and smooch to Let's Go Tripping, by Dick Dale.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
The secret to a lasting marriage. Keep the romance alive. Guess again. This is a movie house. This is the Old Palace Theatre in Chicago, built in 1932. Look at the detail on that crown moulding. This place isn't about function, it's about fantasy. (Torres Attention to detail. That's what makes it fun. (They sit.) These will make the images on the screen appear three-dimensional. Great, isn't it? (The lights go down and film starts - Revenge of the Creature. Paris puts his arm along the back of Torres' seat.) People didn't go to the movies just for the movies, you know. I'll try to demonstrate. (They smooch.) Computer, delete audience. (One person remains.)PARIS: Who's that in the front row? Must be a glitch. You okay?(Tabor, a Bajoran, is just staring upwards.) [Sickbay] I don't think they cause comas. About ten, fifteen minutes before B'Elanna and I got here. He called to say the programme was up and running.  We thought maybe the intruder left behind some kind of negative image. That describes about half the members of the crew. Commander? [Corridor] Twenty nine hours. She woke up just before you did. I don't see why not, but he should wear one of these. (The ubiquitous cortical monitor.) What is it? Commander? (Chakotay phasers Paris. Torres sits up.)
 Captain? There is no word. At least not from the Resistance in Sainte Claire. You may be underestimating the good citizens of Sainte Claire. I spent a summer there when I was eighteen. Ah, well, yeah, pretty much like that. But believe me, Captain, those people love their town. They'll fight for it and die for it. Don't count them out yet. Her name was Brigitte. Great gams. One hell of a temper. August 29, 1936, 12:17 p.m. That's when my train pulled out of Sainte Claire. That's the last time I saw her. We wrote to each other every week for three years. Then the war broke out and I never heard from her again. I'm counting on it. [Le Coeur de Lion] You owe me a postcard. [Sainte Claire - Street] Don't sweat it. Our recon planes missed it too. Any idea what they're hiding in there, Captain? We've got to put it out of business. Yes, sir. CHAKOTAY: You've done a bang-up job, but we'll take it from here. Tell your people to lie low, and that the Americans said thanks. I can see you haven't changed. We could use both. Hmm. I'm No Angel, with Mae West. There's heavy fighting in that area. What's the best way in? It was the Mae West movie, I'm sure of it. She was singing Sister Honky Tonk, and I put my arm around you. And during the courtroom scene, I kissed you. I guess the experience wasn't exactly burned into your memory. So, did you get my last letter? Germany was about to invade. I thought you'd be safer back in the States with me. But, I guess you found someone else to take care of you. Then who? I'm sorry. The place is crawling with Krauts. They're holding position about two hundred yards from here. Wrong guy. You speak English? American? Why are you out of uniform? What Company are you with? In the middle of a battle zone in France? The hell you are. (More gunfire. The GI with Paris moves forward.)PARIS: Go one, I'm right behind you. Look, I don't have time for twenty questions. You say you're an American? All right then. If Betty Grable came around that corner, what part of her would you be staring at? Sorry. Time's up. Bull's-eye. Lucky for you.(Paris moves on.) [Jefferies tube]  They've got us outnumbered. What do you think? A boy or a girl? I do. He's wearing a Nazi uniform. We're on Earth during the Second World War. Totalitarian fanatics bent on world conquest. The Borg of their day. No offence. Look, I don't know what went on between the two of you, but it's obviously over now. Pig! (The Kapitan aims his gun at Paris.) Funny, he doesn't seem like your type. [Holodeck two - Klingon programme] Keep it moving! Keep it moving! Get the lead out of your pants! You got a problem with that, sister? Loosen up, baby doll, the war's almost over. (Gunfire.) I don't know how much longer we can hold them off. These weapons are pretty crude. They're not much help.
How can we put the new Delta Flyer through her paces without taking a few risks? Shields. Wow, nice ship. This is Lieutenant Tom Paris. Please identify yourself. Gets us where we want to go. Sounds like a challenge. This is a test flight, right? What better way to test the new ship than to see how it stands up to a little competition? We're ready over here. Shall I count to Now that's the spirit, Harry. (A pair of thrusters open up at the rear of the Flyer.) Stand by for emergency transport. (A humanoid female with pointed ears and tight leather trousers is beamed aboard, coughing.) Yeah, Harry, you afraid? Whatever you say, Ensign Eager. [Doctor's office] Your new power transformer is installed and ready to go. Your impulse drive is a real beauty. But I couldn't help noticing your warp system seems so rudimentary. Race course?  The Antarian Trans-Stellar Rally. Three segments covering two point three billion kilometres. Two man crews and most importantly, each ship is limited to sub-light speeds. It is the ultimate test of ship design and piloting skills The race has very specific guidelines. Captain, this race is more than just a sporting event. Until recently this region was a war zone. Four different species fought for nearly a century to control it. This race embodies everything the Federation values. Peaceful coexistence, free exchange of ideas You do? Thank you, Captain. Don't worry, it's in good hands. [Sickbay] I beg your pardon? Me? The Captain’s told you about the race already? Oh, no. Do me a favour Doc. Keep a lock on my biosigns. Because in about five minutes there may be a medical emergency in Engineering. (Paris leaves.)  Hi. Not yet. Actually, there might be a little problem. I have the chance to pilot the Flyer in a race. A really unique race and the captain thinks it’s a great idea, and I guess I got so excited I forgot about our plans. But I don’t have to do it. The captain would understand. No, no. I should have remembered. This just seemed like such an amazing opportunity. Pilots from all over Really? I do not deserve you. So, we'll plan this vacation for another time. I’m going to make this up to you, I promise. [Mess hall] What's his story? A little personal reconnaissance. We are the hosts. Lieutenant Er, not exactly. I guess not. Correct me if I'm wrong but, I thought this was a friendly race, not a battle. Well, nice chatting with you. Yeah. I should leave the hosting to Neelix. (A man in tight leather trousers enters.) Looks like they're good friends. Close personal team-mates.  Harry, where have you been? What are you doing in that flight suit? Look, I don't have time for practical jokes. B'Elanna. What about Harry? Oh, that’s terrible. Well, you don’t have to convince me. I couldn’t ask for a better co-pilot. Now just remember, we’re not on vacation. The point is to win. Thrusters online. Opening shuttlebay doors. [Bridge] How's my impulse engine? Assan. Compensating. That was an old trick. Back at the Academy we used to call that scraping. How are we doing on time? It's a long race. We'll catch him. [Astrometrics lab]  So much for the Aksani. Now it's just down to Irina and Assan. Well, we've still got the Mobius Inversion coming up. Tell me you read the course manual. Oh, great. Take a look. It covers the entire last third of the course. Level six subspace distortions, gravimetric shears. Just think of it as a little wormhole with a big attitude. [Astrometrics lab] (Now packed with keen racer watchers.) We're too close to each other. No, it's too risky. What are you doing? B'Elanna. You should have waited. I'm the pilot. That means I do the flying. It was a tight course. Everyone was flying very aggressively. Thanks. You don't know our Harry. Once he sets his mind on something I just want to make sure we're clear on what we're doing. Meaning? Right. Next? It got me through the Academy. Okay. Repeat after me. I am not the pilot. I will not attempt to fly this ship. Well, if it isn't our competition. Looks like you didn't get much sleep. Oh, really? What about Joxom? No, no. Actually, I was just going to congratulate you. She's not a Borg, she's not a hologram, and she's not dead. Looks like you might have finally found yourself the perfect woman.  Approaching the pulsars. Then remodulate. What glow? Yeah, his cheeks were a little redder than usual. Ease up off the thrusters now. I want to conserve some fuel for the final leg. What? They just met. It's a little early to be planning a wedding. Are we talking about them or us? If something's bothering you, let's talk about it. Maybe Harry and Irina aren't such a great team after all. They're falling behind. [Irina's ship] Whatever you say. That really bothered you, didn't it? It's why you think we don't fit together as well as Harry and Irina? Well then, I guess you'd better deploy the thrusters. You tell me. [Irina's ship] I didn’t know it needed help. What’s the rest? So we scrape shields occasionally. It keeps things interesting. If we’ve got a problem, we’re going to resolve it right here, right now. [Irina's ship] The only self that I want to be is the guy you’re in love with. How can you say that? I’m showing you my priorities right now. [Irina's ship] Well, you've got that tough Klingon exterior. And er, I didn't think you liked the mushy stuff. Does that mean you're in the mood for some mushy stuff? Exactly what kind of mush are we talking about? Well, there's, um, kissy stuff. And there's the you're the most important person in the world to me. And there's the happily ever after. Well, traditionally it requires a proposal. They must be wondering why we stopped. Wait a minute. Dit dit dah. That's Morse code. Harry and I use it in the Captain Proton holoprogramme. Fuel converter rigged. Eject. What does he mean by rigged? Why didn't the computer warn us? Can you contain the leak? That'll cause a warp core breach. Then do what Harry said. Eject the converter. Here? We'll never survive the blast. Neither will anyone else within a million kilometres. [Irina's ship] A J Class nebula filled with ionised gas. Should contain the explosion. So, what's your answer? Will you marry me? It's as good a time as any. That depends. On how you answer my question. Well, we’re still alive and I’m still asking. How come you’re still avoiding the question? Think faster. No, but I might start to beg. It could get embarrassing. Captain's log, supplemental. The Antarians have invited us to participate in the post-race festivities, which has allowed me to give two of my senior officers time off for a well-deserved romantic getaway. The Delta Flyer still needs a new warp core, but I don't think they're in a hurry to get anywhere. [Delta Flyer] I hope you're kidding.
He's a killer. You're awfully chipper. Oh, yeah. I'm starved. No, no way. Reg and I have a hoverball game scheduled. Velocity, hoverball, warp core recalibrations? Reg, I don't know how you do it. You're losing me. What is it, Nicole? Tell him, tell him I miss him. [Bridge] ADMIRAL And I'm proud of him. To my Dad. It's nice to know he's still there. And to the newest honorary member of the Voyager crew, Reginald Barclay. Whoever you are.
They're the ones with the guns, remember? Agreed. But I don't want to do anything until we find out what they've done with B'Elanna. In the meantime, we have to keep track of the guards movements. How long are their shifts, when do they eat, when do they sleep? We'll find an opening, Pete, and when the time is right we'll make our move. (Someone in the upper bunk laughs.) Something funny, friend? Really. How's that? Seems like you know this place pretty well. Then tell me something. I thought those Vidiians were in the business of harvesting organs. How come we're all still in one piece? Thanks for the advice. Listen. When they grabbed us there was a woman with us. B'Elanna Torres. Any idea what might have happened to her? B'Elanna? B'Elanna, what have they done to you? Yes, they stunned all of us. It doesn't seem possible, but you look human. Considering what they've done to you, I'm not surprised. What? When I was a kid, I wore a cap to cover the haircuts my father used to make me get first day of every summer. Looks like you finally got what you wanted. [Tunnels] They're coming to take us to the work detail. You can't let them see how sick you are. Or maybe they'll skip the preliminaries and take you straight to organ processing. I'm the senior officer here. If your superiors want to talk with one of us, it should be me. He's not going anywhere without me. What is it? [Bridge] Here, B'Elanna. Sit down. Thanks. What do you mean? No one could blame you for that. B'Elanna, I'm no doctor, but I have to believe that what ever they did to you has seriously depleted your strength. There's nothing you could have done. Sometimes fear can be a good thing. Keeps you from taking unnecessary chances. Courage doesn't mean that you don't have fear. It means that you've learnt to overcome it. And I know that you can find the courage to hold on until we can find a way out of this place. She's ill. She needed a rest. Tell me how to get there. (A Vidiian puts his hand on Paris' shoulder.) Keep your hands off me! Chakotay? I think they've been taken to what the Vidiians call organ processing.  She's badly wounded, Captain. (Torres cradles her other half in her lap.)
If we say yes, will you feed us? Maybe they commit more crimes. Neelix. That you're the softest touch in the Delta Quadrant. Let me guess. He was in the wrong place at the wrong time? Neelix, when I was in the Federation penal colony, everybody had a story. I never put much stock in them. Neither should you. Pursuit course?
Well, that's how it started. (Kim has a cut lip.) Well, Harry and I wanted to explore the station. We wanted to broaden our understanding of alien cultures and, er In any case, they challenged us to a game and we accepted, but I guess we weren't quite aware of all the rules. Yes, ma'am. You see, we thought it was a version of tennis, but as soon as we hit the first volley this Kinbori jumps over the net and starts attacking us with his racket. Yeah. Oh yes, ma'am.
No, I'm afraid they didn't.  Doc, I think his cellular toxicity level is rising. We don't have one. Right. (Paris leaves.) What are you doing? I thought you just said we can't replicate his lungs. Holographic lungs? But a hologram is just a projection of light held in a magnetic containment field. There's no real matter involved. (The EMH slaps Paris.) Kes, I know it sounds pretty grim, but it's better than losing him completely. This way, he'll still be alive, and maybe we can find a better solution somewhere down the road. What do you think Neelix would want? Okay. The isotropic restraint is activated. He won't be able to move more than two microns in any direction. His cellular toxicity is rising. Eight two percent. Eighty six percent. It's offline. Ninety percent. Ninety five percent. (Neelix takes a breath.) Toxicity returning to normal. Captain's log, supplemental. We are pursuing the alien ship from the moon. They are not responding to hails and it appears that our two ships are evenly matched for speed. [Sickbay] I'm on my way, Captain. You know where I am if you need me. It's entered the asteroid, Captain. I think I've located where the alien ship entered. There's an open crater on the limb of the asteroid. The ion trail from the alien ship leads directly inside. Two hundred metres in diameter. Aye, Captain. Captain, I'm reducing power to the aft thrusters only. This passageway is getting a little too narrow for my taste. Thanks, Captain. I'm still picking up the alien's ion trail. Maybe we should follow that. Aye, Captain.
 The alien vessel is entering visual range, Captain. Very polite, these automated units. [Transporter Room] Initiating evasive pattern omega six. Switching evasive pattern to theta one. Propulsion systems are offline. We're dead in the water. For a shuttlecraft, it may be. I don't need a diversion. Just give me a chance, I'll get her out of there. Your concern for my welfare is heartwarming. Yes, ma'am.  I'm approaching the perimeter of the defence field.  Shields synchronised. I'm going in. (Bump!) Then again, maybe not. [Bridge] Er, if I understand you, Tuvok, that would take me into a direct line of fire with the Cravic ship. [Bridge]  Which I just might be able to sneak through if I can dodge a disrupter blast or two. Changing heading. [Pralor vessel]  Paris to Voyager. I'm approaching the entry [Bridge] PARIS I'm on it. [Pralor vessel]  Shuttle to Voyager. I've got her but she's injured. Tell the Doctor to stand by. [Bridge] PARIS
 There's some kind of dimensional distortion forming near main Engineering, Captain. It looks like [Sickbay] PARIS Aye, Captain. (Zoom) Paris to Janeway. I've brought us out of warp. We're point six light years from the ring system. [Engineering]
Harry. Is this the standard welcome home reception? Really? Ah, that looks good. What is it? We'll see you later. [Doctor's office] (Molecular scan 4077, of course.) Aye, Captain. Increasing power. We're clear. Setting a new course. Captain, we've another problem. Three Nasari ships coming straight at us. Less than one minute. Five seconds to intercept. (Voyager sails past the fight.) Anyone would have been drawn in by these Taresians. I have never seen so many beautiful women in my life. I don't see what's so bad about being you. You're good at your job, everybody likes you. Like me? You might want to reconsider that, Harry. There could be prison time involved. Actually, since I've been on Voyager, I've tried to be more like you. I'm serious. You're my role model. You're reliable, hard working, extremely punctual. Did I mention polite?
Just trying to orchestrate the antimatter flow. Just a little late for the joke, as well as the job. Well, I don't know. It seems like your first contact went pretty well. I was just wondering where you disappeared to today. In segment twenty two, I know. They must have sonic showers over there. You're a lot cleaner than you were when you left. You are such a lousy liar. Haven't you learned anything from me after five years? She's cute. That assistant engineer, Tal. Oh, here we go again. You, going after impossible women. A hologram, an ex-Borg, the wrong twin, and now a girl from a xenophobic species? Good. Glad to hear it. I'm due back on the bridge.  I'm telling you, you should take a look at their database. They've got some pretty amazing stuff on that ship. Their environmental control system, for instance. It's completely regenerative. Zero waste. It can be programmed to create almost any habitat. If you wanted to, you could recreate Vulcan in your quarters with that system. A little taste of home in the Delta Quadrant? Think about it. Springtime on the shores of Lake Yaron. You're missing the point. These people have been travelling for four hundred years. They've learned a thing or two about living comfortably. Oh, I give up. Er, Commander? I think I can track that down for you. Hold on, something's wrong. I'm losing the signal. [Kim's quarters] If it was a transmission. It could have just been a glitch in the comm. system. You owe me. Eyes front. Last night I had to sabotage the comm. system to cover your tracks. You called her, didn't you? How long has this been going on? The truth. Sounds serious. Has it occurred to you that you're breaking a few dozen protocols? Do you? Docking controls are offline. I can't break us free. (The Varro ship continues to fall apart.)  I've got the docking controls back online. Releasing docking clamps. (Voyager gets away just before all the modules float free of the superstructure.) Captain's log, supplemental. Most of the Varro have opted to stay together, travelling in separate ships, but the dissident group has been granted permission to break away and find their own path. We wish them luck. [Tal's quarters]
Shuttlebay to Captain Janeway. The shuttle's ready to go whenever you are. B'Elanna, what's going on here? Well, it's not as if I caught you dancing the rumba with a naked Bolian. We had a lunch date, remember? Well, I expected to find you shooting pool at Sandrine's, not hanging out with Seska. What sort of programme is this anyway? Who wrote it? Why do you suppose someone would try so hard to be anonymous? You think we should tell the Captain? It would be pretty hard for us to give her a full report if we don't know how the story ends. Great. Can you reset it for me? Oh, come on, B'Elanna. Be a sport. I've got to be back on duty in less than an hour. Besides, isn't half the fun of a holonovel having someone to talk it over with? The bridge. I was kind of hoping you would. Couldn't be better. Oh, doesn't he always? Not to mention an upset stomach. [Holographic Turbolift] I hear you're planning a mutiny. Let's just say there are rumours. Of course not. I just wanted you to know that whatever happens, I'm with you. I'm serious. Just tell me what you want me to do. I understand. Yes, sir. Tuvok, get down! (Too late. Chakotay shoots Tuvok. Paris jumps one of the guards, Kim shoots the other. Chakotay shoots Kim. Ayala pulls Paris off the guard.) It's not over yet, Chakotay.  Sir, we have to do something. Escape. Retake the ship. What about trying it now? We can't just sit here and do nothing. How long is this observing business going to take? It's been over an hour already. I'm getting bored. A week? Who wrote this stuff? Enjoy the wait. [Holographic Cargo Bay] I don't need fifteen minutes. I'm with you right now. [Mess hall]  So by the time I got around to joining Chakotay's little band of rebels He was so suspicious of my motives that he assigned me to lubricate the warp plasma manifolds. Oh, believe me, next time I will. I thought we were going to keep this our little secret. The Doctor? Oh, great. Who else knows about it? Get in line, Harry. Lieutenant Do you think we've got a saboteur on board? They're powering phasers. I don't know how, but they've disabled our shields. We're completely vulnerable. It's Paris and Janeway.  Computer, resume programme. Well, start it up again, right where it left off. Why not? Are you saying there's no more story? This is someone's idea of a practical joke, right? Computer, identify the author of holographic programme entitled Insurrection Alpha. Not to mention sadistic. I can't believe we've been left hanging like this. (Neelix enters.) Remember the good old days when it was impossible to keep a secret on a ship this small? [Briefing room] I've been running it too. You, Tuvok? But you never finished it? Forget your carelessness. What you should be apologising for is leaving us all hanging by a thread. You've got to finish the story. If Tuvok doesn't want to finish the story, I volunteer. Well, I've always wanted to write a holonovel. I think I could make it pretty exciting.  Well, if it isn't Mister Anonymous. Come to check up on your replacement? Well, thanks, Tuvok, but I don't need any probability studies. I'm just sort of making it up as I go along. Well, I was thinking, Paris and Janeway retake the ship, and then she decides to execute all the conspirators. This isn't real life, Tuvok. It's fiction. Don't get so caught up in logic. Well, I don't know anything about T'hain, but I do know what makes an interesting story, and that's unexpected plot twists. Are you saying that you're going to finish it yourself? Apparently, my instincts don't comply with the Vulcan Dictates of Poetics. We? Oh, really? You know, maybe you're on to something. I could add a steamy love scene between the Starfleet conn officer and the Maquis engineer. Thanks, Neelix. Let me guess. You have a suggestion to make. Tuvok, did you forget to follow the Dictates of Poetics? Now, that's the first intelligent suggestion I've heard all evening. [Corridor] I told you, Tuvok. I'm just making it up as I go. There you go with that we stuff again. I don't remember agreeing to let you help me. And you think I'm compromising your creative vision? You had your chance to finish the story, and you wanted to delete it. Look, Tuvok, for the last time, I don't need any help. [Holodeck] I don't believe this. Thanks, Tuvok. Now that I think about it, I'll take it from here. All right, Tuvok. You win. We'll finish the story together. The first thing we're going to change is that title.  What are we doing in the brig? Revisions? I guess we'd better do what she says.  You should never have crossed her, Tuvok. I guess we should have known Seska wouldn't let a little thing like death stop her from getting even. Captain? [Holographic Transporter Room] She's a hologram too? I say we play along. We could use all the help we can get against Seska. I suppose you have a better idea? You programmed all this. The malfunctioning phaser, the version of Chakotay who's attracted to you. None of it's real.  So much for not playing along with Seska's programme. I'll keep up. The question is, where are we going?  What's the point? This isn't the real Sickbay. No emergency, Doc. I'm fine. That's all right, Doc. I'm telling you, I feel fine. I'm not going to leave you! (Paris tries to hit the EMH, but his hand passes through his head.) Oh, just great. Maybe we can go to the mess hall now and let the holographic Neelix burn my arm with a frying pan. Oh, terrific. I say we try the Jefferies tubes.  So, Tuvok, anything in the Dictates of Poetics about how to escape from a ship full of insane holograms? Tuvok! (Paris puts out the fire.) Where do you suppose this came from? Do you think Seska's toying with us? Taking us to the brink of death again, then letting us live so she can keep torturing us? If you want to look on the bright side, I'm certainly not going to argue with you. (They go down a ladder.) If they do know what's going on, why just hand us a plasma extinguisher? Why not shut down the holo-grid, or change the scenario? Take a look at this. (On Aux Systems Monitor 128 - TRYING TO HELP YOU. GO TO WEAPONS LOCKER.) You were right. Do you think they're trying to help us again? Don't listen to her. The people the captain and I were visiting while you were busy taking over the ship. When we realised there was a mutiny in progress, we called them for a little assistance. [Engineering] Tuvok Paris to the Rukani vessel. Thank you for your assistance, but everything's under control now. Not bad. I'm just glad you didn't come down with a case of writer's block.
 Approaching the coordinates. No, ma'am. Particle weapons. Go ahead. We're right behind you. (Weapons fire hits a nearby rock.) He's lost a lot of blood. I need to get him back to the ship. Paris to Sickbay, two to beam up. The Hirogen are closing on the holograms' vessel. We've lost him. [Bridge] I'm doing the best, I can but without the Doctor Fifty seconds. Twenty seconds to intercept. Mess hall to Commander Tuvok.  You'd better get down here. We've got a problem. You heard him. This isn't going to solve anything. (The Beta pushes Neelix at Paris, and a fight breaks out. The Beta uses the opportunity to get into a control panel below the counter in the galley.) [Bridge] Less than ten minutes. They seem to be operating in some sort of stealth mode. Their warp signature disappears in grid nine three six. With all due respect Captain, I'd like to get my wife back in one piece. We can use all the help we can get. We're not letting them intimidate us, are we? It's just the turbulence from the wake. I'm losing helm control. It's not enough. We're slipping out of the wake. I'm trying. (He succeeds.)PARIS: I take back what I said. It's the prettiest thing I've seen all day.  They're increasing speed and altering course.  They're dropping out of warp. Then we'll go in after them. If this marriage is going to work, you've got to cut back on the travelling.
No matter what button he pushed, live long and prosper. So Tuvok had to stretch his Vulcan patience to the limit for the rest of the day. And just when he thought it was over, when he went back to his quarters and ordered a cup of Vulcan tea, the replicator says  B'Elanna, this is ridiculous. It's been three days and we haven't said a word to each other. About what you said. I mean, the part about being in love with me. I realise you were suffering from oxygen deprivation and we were literally seconds away from death, so I know you probably didn't mean it. Shut up. (Paris kisses Torres and she reciprocates, long and hard.) What can I do for you, Doc? You want me to be the new nurse? What are you talking about? Take it easy. I was just trying to lighten the mood. She wasn't upset by it.  You seem a little protective. This morning you were dreading being in the same room with her. Oh, really? She ought to be. She assimilated enough people. Harry, you've got a crush on her, don't you? I've seen this look in your eyes right before you fall head over heels. You always go for the tough ones. What was it last time, a hologram? I don't know much about Borg women, but my advice to you is, don't. Part of the team? You sound like Chakotay. Look, she's beautiful, and she's smart, and I'm sure she's a wonderful conversationalist. But a month ago she was Borg. You don't really know who she is. It's great that you're trying to make her feel comfortable. Just be careful. I just hope you take it.  [Command chamber] I'm sorry about the mess. I haven't had time to clean up. It was a hectic day. I treated two broken bones, an upset stomach and a lacerated hand. Are you sure your heart can take it? If you'll excuse me, I have to go check on Harry. I hear he's having a nervous breakdown. It's a long story. What's gotten into him?
Why do they bother? They know we won't resist.  The Devore vessels are out of range. The vessel hasn't raised shields or charged weapons. Ten minutes and we'll be out of range. Eleven hours at maximum warp. Bridge to Captain Janeway. Long range sensors have picked up two Devore warships heading right for us. Six hours.
You want to tell me what's going on? You know I can't give out medicine without knowing what it's for. An imbalance. Ah. This wouldn't be the kind of imbalance that comes around once every seven years? You never fail to amaze me, Tuvok. A man of your advanced years still driven by the mating instinct? Well, I guess there has to be some kind of reward for all that Vulcan discipline. Well, if that doesn't work, there's always a cold sonic shower. I'll tell the captain that you'll be out of commission for a couple of days. Well, according to my tricorder, all we've got here is a mild case of the Tarkalean flu.  Your neurotransmitters aren't absorbing the medication. Not without causing damage to your neocortex. The Doc might be able to synthesise a stronger medicine, but I do have one area of expertise that might help. The holodeck. It's the holodeck, Tuvok. It doesn't count. No, of course not. My days of rescuing slave girls from Planet Ten are history. Look, you have photographs of your wife, right? The computer can use them to create a replica. You wouldn't be breaking your vows if it's a hologram of your wife. [Holodeck]  I'm picking up a vessel closing at high impulse. They're firing. Tuvok. He's in holodeck two. Our escort isn't going to take kindly to a detour.  Commander, it's good to see you're over the flu. Ah, don't mention it. I just hope everything was okay. So I took a little artistic license. Aside from that, was everything all right? Of course not. [Doctor's office]
Aye, Captain. [Shuttlecraft] (Kar wakes to find his hands tied behind his back.)  We're approaching Chakotay's last known coordinates, Captain. So what are we saying here? That someone blew up Chakotay's shuttle and then took off? Laying in a course. On screen. Open a channel. I'm Lieutenant Tom Paris of the Starship Voyager. I'm in command right now, so you can speak to me. Just stopped to make a few repairs. We'll be on our way in no time. Now, how would you know about that? Under what circumstances? Thanks for the advice. Neelix. We'll leave as soon as we've retrieved our crewmen, all of them, including Chakotay, if he's alive. And if one of your people is with him, he'll be returned to you. (Transmission ends.) I need communication with the surface, B'Elanna, and soon. I've already run a soil analysis. The surface won't support a landing. Voyager to Away team.  We finally broke through the interference, Captain. Are you all right? [Tarok] PARIS  That's what I was going to tell you to expect. [Tarok] Stand by. [Bridge]  Voyager to Chakotay. Do you read? Stand by for us to beam you out of there. Right, but don't  Did you say code white?
I don't remember what this is. Neelix! Neelix!  We're approaching the coordinates. I'll be damned. They came through. I don't think there was a crew. This helm was set for auto-navigation to these coordinates. I'm reading power fluctuations in the warp core, if you can call it a warp core. I don't recognise this engine configuration. (The ship shakes.) It's not antimatter, it's, I don't know what it is. (He checks another console.)PARIS: They call this thing a quantum slipstream drive. The ship's powering up. Auto-navigation is kicking in. [Voyager Bridge]  I can't shut down the drive. Hang on.(The ship enters warp, not Andromeda-style slipstream.) [Voyager Bridge] It looks that way. I'll try accessing helm controls. We're back in normal space. In theory, but I don't think the ship would hold up very long under the quantum stresses. The ship's going into slipstream mode. Sir, we haven't even had a trial run yet. We're at full impulse, but we're not breaking through the quantum barrier. We're at slipstream velocity. I've located their slipstream. I'm aligning ours to match. We're right behind them. Just a few minutes. None. We're at maximum.
 Here's the navigational data you asked for. How long are you planning on being gone? Just like B'Elanna. She over-packs too. And what contingency is this for? Couldn't you just replicate an iso-modulator? Oh, I get it. You like to have your own things with you. B'Elanna's the same way. You know, she'd never admit it, but she still takes a stuffed animal with her whenever she's going to be away for more than a day. Toby the Targ. You should trust him, Harry. Chakotay knows a thing or two about southpaws. Yeah, you wouldn't want to bruise your clarinet fingers. Any time, any place. Are you two going to talk, or you here to watch? (Enter the Champion. Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson, with a bit of an alien forehead. He raises an eyebrow and the crowd go wild.) And their bad temper. Be ready to duck. (His opponent enters.) It's no use. She can't hear us. They're transmitting the fight from another location. [Tsunkatse combat pit]  Approaching the vessel. Should I get us out of here before they knock out our propulsion? If nobody's watching, then why continue the fight? Another vessel is approaching. No, this one's on our side. It's the Delta Flyer. [Delta Flyer] CHAKOTAY Aye, sir. [Tsunkatse combat pit] (Seven and the Hirogen trade blows, then she gets in a kick to his left side. He falls to his knees. She places
Time loop? She could be in some kind of alternate dimension in subspace.
Better to ride the rapids than face the hive. We've dropped out of warp. Captain. Who could do this to the Borg? (They cruise through the debris field.) Captain, the bioship is powering up, like it's charging some kind of weapon. (Kes is given a view of the alien. She stumbles back into Janeway's arms.) The alien ship is not pursuing. Aye, Captain.  An alliance with the Borg? Yes, ma'am. Commander, there are nine more bioships coming out of the singularity. (Eight of those ships surround a ninth and send energy to it. It then sends a massive energy beam towards a planet.) [Borg Cube] The Cube is altering course. They're heading toward the Alpha Quadrant. They've released their tractor beam. I never thought I'd hear myself say this, but, looks like the Borg are cooperating. [Sickbay] (Kes is working in the medical lab, when she sees a reflection of Species 8472 in the wall monitor. Then one appears, and she curls up into a ball.) Harry. Welcome back. Commander. I'm picking up gravimetric distortions twelve thousand kilometres aft. It's a singularity. [Borg Chamber] They're charging weapons. We're being targeted! Destroyed, and it took the bioship with it. Aye, sir. Class H moon. Oxygen-argon atmosphere. Aye, sir. We're fighting intense gravimetric distortion. I can't break free. We're being pulled in! We've definitely left our galaxy. No stars, no planets. Four bioships have just entered sensor range. They're coming around for another assault. I've lost thrusters. Captain. Aye, Captain. They're in pursuit. Yes, Ma'am. Captain's log, stardate 51003.7. Three days, and no sign of Borg or bioships. We appear to be out of danger, but the entire crew is still on edge and so am I. Not even the calm of Master Da Vinci's workshop is enough to ease my mind. [Da Vinci's Workshop - night] (Janeway is at a desk, writing with quill on parchment.)
Positive, Captain. Harry, check your sensors. That look like some kind of power source to you? Go ahead, Commander. Acknowledged. (The beam out is successful.) Surface conditions are back to normal, Captain. Winds, two knots. But I can't find any sign of their shuttle. It's not where they landed it. No, ma'am.  Yes, Captain. Acknowledged. Beginning entry sequence. Adjusting flight path. I'm doing the best I can, Captain. I'm showing gale force winds out there. Inertial dampers are offline. We seem to be caught in some kind of vortex. I can't maintain altitude. Altitude, twenty thousand metres and falling. I can't get us out of this thing, Captain. The ship might make it without inertial dampers, but we'd all just be stains on the back wall. Altitude at eighteen thousand metres and falling. At this rate, we're looking at about ten minutes. [Cave]  Altitude, six thousand metres. Would somebody turn that off, please?  Altitude, two thousand metres. [Engineering]  Altitude, one thousand metres. We're free. Gaining altitude. Two thousand metres, twenty five hundred. Dampers back online. Yes, Captain.
Approaching the last known co-ordinates of the wormhole, Captain. This is where we picked up a replicator signature? He's got a point. We have never heard the Song of the Sages more beautifully recited. Excuse me? No, thank you. We're not planning on settling here. I'm sorry, but we're really not interested. (Chakotay is using his tricorder behind their backs.) Excuse me. Then I'd say the temple's where we ought to look. Look, friend, I thought I told you And let me guess. It just so happens that you could sell us a couple of these ears. And my feet are now cold. Don't push your luck. (They walk away.) You know, so far, I can't say that I like this town very much. (A large gong is struck four times, then the temple door opens and young women in spangly bikinis and thin veils walk out and stand behind two thrones.) On the other hand. (The gong-striker drags out a box covered in a cloth.) But these Ferengi are anything but benevolent. Of course, being Ferengi, they haven't just co-opted the mythology. They've cornered the market on everything. Apparently it wasn't always like that. According to the people that we met, before the Ferengi came, the society may have been primitive, but it was flourishing. What I'd like to know is how two Ferengi got to the Delta Quadrant.  We can't just leave the Ferengi there to continue exploiting those poor people. But how do we get two Ferengi to just walk away from a monopoly on an entire economy? Profit. Looks like Neelix is pulling off quite a performance.  What happened? Oh, great. But we didn't ask you to recite it. Look, friend, I'm sorry about your eye, really, but. Wait a minute. Wasn't your patch on the other side? (The Bard moves his patch from left to right, then holds his hand out.) We've got to go. Did you hear that? The Holy Pilgrim! The Holy Pilgrim! Lead them back! Lead them back! That's our cue. We've got to disable the dampening field so they can beam us out of here. Where's the generator? I can't shut it down. Aye, Captain. They're setting a course for the planet, Captain. Aye, Captain. Resetting the co-ordinates. Adjusting course to follow. It's too fast for us, Captain. I need more speed. It's not enough. Aye, Captain. [Town square] (The crowd watch Voyager zoom across the sky.)
I had a feeling we hadn't seen the last of them. Two hours at least. That probe can't outrun them. Well, if we can't transport it out, we'll just have to fly in and grab it. We won't be going in a Malon freighter, Tuvok. We'll be going in our new shuttlecraft. Let's face it, Class-two shuttles just don't cut it in the Delta quadrant. We've needed something bigger and better since we got here. It's time we built it! I knew you were going to say that so I've given us a head start. (He activates the wall monitor.) Behold the Delta Flyer. Ultra-aerodynamic contours, retractable nacelles, parametallic hull plating, unimatrix shielding based on Tuvok's brilliant design for the multispatial probe, and a Borg-inspired weapons system. High praise. That's the spirit, Harry. Big of you to admit it, Tuvok. The probe did. We could replicate the alloys and the new design components, use spare parts from storage. If we worked around the clock we could have it up and running inside a week. What about you, B'Elanna? Building a new vessel from scratch, that's an engineer's dream come true. (Torres nods slightly.) What do you say, Captain? Computer, add dynametric tail fins to the nacelles. What'd you do that for? That is exactly what we're designing. A twenty fourth century, warp-powered, ultra-responsive hot rod. I beg to differ. If we make this thing look mean enough, other ships are going to think twice before taking us on.  It's open. (Torres enters with a PADD.) Hey. Thanks. Where're you running off to? Stay a while. I'll replicate some dinner, a bottle of burgundy. We deserve a break, don't you think? B'Elanna, what's going on? Well, then how come it's impossible to have a conversation with you? I don't want an apology. I want an explanation. Asleep is more like it. You hardly said three words in that last meeting. And then when Seven changed your design you acted like, like you didn't care. I don't get it. How many times have we talked about how great it would be to do what we're doing now? To really collaborate my piloting skills and your engineering expertise. We finally get the chance to create something together from the ground up and you're not the slightest bit enthusiastic? B'Elanna, I'm not your boss. I'm not questioning your productivity or keeping tabs on how many hours you put in. I just want to know what's going on. Look, we could spend weeks trying to solve this, but we've got a ticking clock. Engines are working, weapons systems are online. I say we launch now and hope for the best. Microfractures, Tuvok. Doesn't necessarily mean we'll have a hull breach. Hey, every one of these knobs and levers is fully functional. Maybe to you. I am tired of tapping panels. For once, I want controls that let me actually feel the ship I'm piloting.  Engines are operating at close to ninety percent efficiency, Seven's got her new weapons system online. And if we can just solve that microfracture problem, we'll be ready to go. She never complained about being hurt, but then again she's barely speaking to me lately. He's right.  Paris here. Yes ma'am. I'll begin the prelaunch sequence. [Bridge]  We're keeping an eye on it, but we sure could use an extra hand. [Bridge] Stand by to bring aft thrusters online. Welcome aboard. Get that hatch closed. Give me aft thrusters. Alright, let's see what this baby can do.  We're in. We'll catch them. B'Elanna, how's the hull? They want to play dirty. Let's show them what a little Borg-inspired weaponry can do. Fire. Nice shooting, Seven. I'm taking us down to the target. Harry, get ready to grab the probe. If you can hold us together for another half a minute we'll be within range of the target. One thing at a time. Harry, prepare to lock on. Initiating rapid ascent. (A panel starts to buckle.)
Obviously, Ensign Baytart doesn't appreciate music. This ship was built for combat performance, Harry, not musical performance. Nobody figured we'd be taking any long trips. How about the cargo bay? We could get Baytart transferred to the night shift. So now you have an excuse to give your mother why you didn't practice while you were gone. Oh, really? Are we scheduled to rendezvous with the Delta Quadrant Symphony Orchestra? Lieutenant Nicoletti? The one I've been chasing for six months? Cold hands, cold heart? You know, Harry, I've always wanted to learn how to play the drums. [Bridge] Did anyone survive? Maybe they saw it coming and evacuated the planet. Looks like they didn't make it. Maybe they like it in there. How can we do that? Implant a com-link into their brains? Ten minutes and all the hostages could be killed.
Ma'am? I'll make it up at the end of my shift. You won't be disappointed. Hiding a cake in the console?  Another round with the Borg? Oh, just one? B'Elanna. There is no directive thirty six A. The warp matrix is out of alignment. Since you volunteered for this insane mission. You know, I could sabotage the helm. You'd never make it out the launch doors. That'd be a small price to pay. [Bridge] They're approaching. Heading zero one seven mark three. [Delta Flyer] They're closing. Fifty kilometres. Thirty kilometres, twenty. They're in range. [Borg Queen's Chamber]  They've detected them. (The Delta Flyer is blown to molecules.) Should I back off? They're targeting our warp core. Seventeen minutes. We should have heard something by now. Matching course and speed. [Astrometrics lab]  Busy? The away team. The plan was to give them two hours. It's been two and a half. You know, it occurs to me that, with you in command and Tuvok off the ship, that makes me acting First Officer. Technically speaking. Well, it's my duty to give you an opinion. And in my opinion I think we should pull them out now before it's too late. How long? A day? A week? This mission isn't worth their lives. Apparently not. Well, I've learned from the best. Aye, sir. [Borg Cube - Central Plexus] You assume correctly. [Borg Cube - Central Plexus]  Range, forty thousand kilometres. Commander? (A green Borg torpedo is heading their way.) We can't just leave them. Can you get back in? Find out if they have anybody else aboard this Cube? Now what? A transwarp conduit just opened off our port bow. Evasive manoeuvres. Battle stations. Open a channel.  We're in range.  Their shields are down.
Not exactly prime real estate. Yes, ma'am. It only looks that way. It's been designed to emit a false warp signature strong enough to penetrate subspace. Aye, Captain. Yes, ma'am. When that Borg ship comes through I'm going to have a hell of a time getting away from it.
No, sir. We're the first ones here. Aye, Captain. The alien vessel is coming about. We're losing power to main thrusters. Yes, ma'am. Captain's log, stardate 52356.2. After nearly a week of regeneration Seven of Nine has finally recovered from her ordeal.  [Cargo Bay two]
No, that'd be a real tragedy, Neelix. Is there any salt? I'm sorry, I just Actually, it's delicious just the way it is. (Whumph!) Maybe we've got an ally? I stand corrected. Navigational sensors are malfunctioning. It's something to do with this environment. Why would anyone steal deuterium? You can find it anywhere. Quite a welcoming committee they've got here. How long have you been here? Well, that's impressive, but how does it help us? We'd have to jump to warp at exactly the right moment. Question is, will we have enough power? Fifty thousand kilometres to normal space. With all due respect Captain, we don't even have warp drive anymore. The vultures are circling. He's powering his engines. Maybe we should take it while we have the chance. Valen wouldn't hesitate to take it from us. I believe there's been a mistake here, waiter. I didn't order this. It tastes more like chicken. Sorry, Neelix. [Bridge] What's going on? The smaller ship is outmanoeuvring us. You might want to reconsider. There's another ship approaching. They're both retreating. Aye, Captain. Who says gremlins in the engine are a myth? Forty thousand metres to normal space.
Hear, hear. It's destabilising our warp field. I've lost engines. Warp six. No sign of pursuit. We've got to hit them, now. No problem. [Deck five] They're within range. Got him! Red alert. We're under attack. Two Krenim warships off the port bow. (Janeway puts her lucky teacup on the desk, but vibrations from the attack shake it onto the deck, where it breaks. Can I ask a question here? What happened to the report on the Krenim's weaponry that Kes compiled after the events of 'Before and After'?) Day 47 [Turbolift] I was inspired by an ancient steamship, the Titanic. The engineers of the day constructed a series of special bulkheads, sort of like a honeycomb, that would lower into place if they suffered a major hull breach. In theory, they could stay afloat even with half the ship filled with water. Well, let's just say I've made a few improvements. Go ahead, Doc. I'll be right there. I'm a popular guy today. [Jefferies tube] (Seven forces open a stuck hatch and sees the same sight that Kes did there back in Before and After. She scans the chronoton torpedo.)  I've stopped the internal bleeding. You're going to be okay. That's a promise. I know it still hurts. You've got a ruptured vertebra. I'll see if I can repair it. Give me a minute. I'll be right back. Don't go anywhere. She's in pain. I understand. Physician, heal thyself. It seems to me that you're the one who's getting emotional around here. It must have been very hard for you. The Krenim are within visual range. Evasive manoeuvres. I can't shake them. We'll never outrun it, Captain. I'm not picking it up on long range sensors. They're scanning us. (Chakotay and Paris disappear.) Anything for such a charming host. Are you all right? Glad to hear it. Why? You can't find her, can you? I think Captain Janeway has been eluding you for the past two months. Otherwise you would've destroyed Voyager by now. And how many civilisations will you have to erase to send us merrily on our way? No thanks. We don't want that kind of blood on our hands. I'd rather spend a year in solitary confinement than listen to any of this. Chakotay, we can't trust him. Not really. I get lucky now and again. To quote a long lost friend of mine, it seemed logical. Now what? Who? I'm sorry. [Krenim Timeship - Chakotay's quarters] This ship's temporal core keeps the vessel out of phase with normal space-time, but it's shields are incredibly weak. You take that core offline, and a photon grenade could penetrate the hull. I've been spending time with our friend Obrist, who seems more than willing to share information. And that's not all. Does the name Captain Bligh mean anything to you? This is not a happy crew. They've been at this for two hundred years now. They're tired of it, Chakotay. They want it to end. You're starting to sound like Annorax. Always one more calculation. This time it's going to be perfect. What? Wipe out civilisations to help his own race? I understand perfectly. I guess I don't have the instinct for Time, or whatever it is Captain Nemo out there calls it. Chakotay, he's been flattering you and it's gone to your head. Maybe I shouldn't start a mutiny, but I might be able to get Obrist to help us send a message to Captain Janeway. Not if I get us out of here first. What are you going to do, take away my holodeck privileges? Is this what you call enlightened? Have you seen enough yet, Chakotay? If you don't do something about this maniac, I will. [Krenim Timeship - Annorax's chambers]  If that little display doesn't convince you I don't know what will. He's insane. Not from what you've told me. This guy thinks that Time has a personal grudge against him. That's called paranoia, Chakotay, with a hint of megalomania. He's lost his family. Okay, that's a terrible thing. But so has everyone else on this ship. And frankly, so have we. Obrist is coming around, and I think we can trust him. He says he'll give me access to their communications array. I can send a message to Voyager from the comfort of my own quarters. That's going to be a little trickier. With Obrist's help, I'm pretty sure I can disable it, but not without setting off every alarm on the ship. We're only going to have one chance. And Captain Janeway attacking from Voyager. That is, if the captain's still alive. CHAKOTAY: She's alive. Send the message. Transmit our coordinates. Done.  Good work, Obrist.(Paris relays the information.) [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] Aye, sir.
Sorry I'm late, but I have a very good excuse. Picture this. I'm just getting ready to leave the Mess hall, when Ensign Wildman goes into labour. What else could I do but deliver the baby? Oh, you should've been there, Harry. There is nothing like bringing a new life into the world. I think I missed my calling. What if I told you the turbolift got stuck on deck six? It won't happen again. Or maybe it's some kind of trick. Excuse me? Oh, no offence, Commander, but why this sudden concern for my feelings? Yeah, I've got a problem. My problem is you. You tell me I don't take my job seriously. But half the time, you don't let me do my job. It means that you don't trust my judgement. You don't allow me to take initiative. Remember last week? I suggested that we might save time by travelling through that emissions nebula. But what did you say? Oh no, that's not the way we do things on this ship. Being a leader also means knowing when to give your people a little leeway and let them be creative. I might as well put this ship on autopilot for all the freedom you give me to do my job. Yeah, well, I know you don't put much stock in my opinion. So maybe you should talk to some of these people, because I'm not the only one around here who's got a problem with you. Now, if there's nothing else, sir, I'd like to be excused.  Doc. What brings you here? Is somebody sick? Oh. Well, pull up a chair. Oh, thanks a lot, Doc. Why the sudden interest in romance? Ah. All right. Well, let's see. Sometimes there's not a lot you can do to get over a woman you really care about. I remember when Susie Crabtree dumped me back in my first year at the Academy. I broke out in hives. Couldn't get out of bed for a week. I almost failed Stellar Cartography. I walked around in a daze for the rest of that year. Of course, the first one is always the hardest to get over. But, eventually, you start thinking about her less and less. Until finally, without realising it, she's not on your mind anymore. For the most part. But every now and then, even years later, something reminds you of her. A certain smell, a few notes of a song, and suddenly you feel just as bad as the day she told you she never wanted to see you again. If you want to know the honest truth, Doc, you never completely get over a woman you really cared about. Wait a minute, Doc. We're not talking about you, are we? Oh. Boy, you've got it bad. Look, Doc, I don't mean to intrude, but if you tell me what's going on, maybe I can help. [Sickbay] (Denara is sitting on a bed when Kes enters.)  It sounds to me like she might just be shy. I think you scared her off. Your approach is all wrong. Women like romance. They want men to make an effort, take them someplace special. Come with me, Doc. I've got an idea. Doctor's personal log, stardate 49504.3. Inaugural entry. Kes and Mister Paris have conspired to get Denara and me alone together in a place Paris considers romantic. I've never felt more uneasy. [Mars] (The Doctor is sitting in an open topped car overlooking a Martian city, waiting. Finally, Denara appears beside him.)  Sorry I'm late. But it's my shift. What, because I was ten minutes late? Captain. So, when should I report back for duty? Get your hands off me! (Paris pushes Chakotay to the floor.)
Well, we did take that trip to Venice with them. Yeah, you know, I've been meaning to ask you. What happened when you and Jenny Delaney disappeared in that gondola? I think maybe Harry wasn't quite prepared for how voracious Jenny Delaney can be. (And at another table.) What fence? Even we think so sometimes. But what do we have to offer? They seem to have everything they need. But it's not above board. The Captain is only going to deal with an official representative. Just tell her everything you know. Let her take it from there. I'll walk you part way. I'm headed for bed. (Paris and Kim leave.) Aye, Captain. There's no response. Thrusters are offline.
Great party, Neelix. Yeah, except the Doc. Voyager's too big to manoeuvre safely in there. We could take the Flyer. [Delta Flyer] If you two don't stop it, I'm going to come back there and separate you. Main propulsion is offline. We're going to have to make an emergency landing. The Talaxians' asteroid is the closest. We don't have a choice. Hold on. (The Delta Flyer slides across the asteroid surface before bumping and skidding to a stop.) [Astrometrics lab]  Neelix. Are you all right? Thanks for bringing him back. We were getting worried. You can give me a hand with this plasma manifold. How did it go? At least we know internal sensors are working. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment]
The jig is up, your Majesty. Spaceman First Class, Protector of Earth, scourge of intergalactic evil, at your service. It takes more than a little lava to stop Captain Proton. Now, I want you to call off your invasion and give me back my rocket ship. (He frees Kim and the girl.) Doc. Doc, this is the final chapter. Satan's Robot Conquers the World. We can't stop now. Your opera can wait. Oh, really. Take a look around you. This is how the twentieth century saw the future. We are studying sociology. Finally some excitement. Radiation. Rumour has it she never leaves her quarters. Wow, Harry. You're a real genius. How do you come up with these brilliant ideas? That's because you always fall for it. Derada is a game of subtlety. Hmm. I'll bet. Well, if it doesn't involve Klingon pain sticks. There you go, just when I'm winning. Who's predictable? Three in the morning, four in the afternoon. What's the difference? You're angry twenty four hours a day. Oh, why sleep when we're having so much fun. No. I have a better idea. Why don't we make a schedule. A fight rotation. We can optimise our resources. I can start one, then you can start one. Well then, don't play them. Paris to Sickbay. [Sickbay]  Now, when we last saw our heroes, they had just retaken their rocket ship. Doctor Chaotica had escaped, but he left behind his trusty robot to foil Captain Proton. Ah, right. You're Constance Goodheart. You're my secretary. Yeah, you tag along on all the missions. Now, I want you to keep the robot occupied while I save Earth. Computer, run programme. Come on, Seven. Give it a chance. The galaxy's at stake. [Bridge] (The ship judders.) Just a second. I'm not sure how to work this thing. (He switches on a torch.) Captain Protein to the rescue! It's not exactly Starfleet issue. A ship-wide power loss? Everything's offline, main power, auxiliary. Yes, ma'am. No luck. The hologrid is frozen. [Corridor]  I need something to pry open this hatch. (Paris's torch illuminates a strange little alien. It rushes at him, stunning him with an energy weapon.)  We're at the coordinates. Alone in the Delta quadrant? No offence, but I can't follow that order, ma'am. Two million kilometres dead ahead. I think so. I'll explain later. Forty seven seconds. Both engines are offline. We're running on inertia. One more hit and we're dead in the water. Twenty seconds. Ten seconds! We're crossing the threshold. We're clear. There. I saw something. A star.
Captain, somebody's trying to access the subspace transmitter. [Engineering] The hull is destabilising. The molecular bonds are breaking down. [Corridor] Shuttle distance, one hundred thousand kilometres. Speed, one quarter impulse. (Janeway and Tuvok enter.)  This can't be right. Our speed is - it's impossible! We've just dropped out of whatever it was we were in. Nine point five thousand light years from where we just were.
Not as bad as they hurt us. All engines are offline. Captain, request permission to give Torres a hand in Engineering. Maybe I can help get propulsion up and running. She's right. If we went through Seska at least we could ally ourselves with the Nistrim.  Captain, we're approaching the coordinates. The Kazon have him. Aye, Captain. Aye, Captain. [Briefing room]
You might as well be showing us your hand, Neelix. This is a game of strategy, deception. Neelix? Look, why don't we make things a little more interesting. Forget the chips. Let's bet on tomorrow's work detail, all right? Whoever wins this hand gets the morning off. And I had a full house. (The Cube fires at the Flyer.)PARIS: I can't shake them. No luck. Too much damage to the plasma injectors. They've got us in a tractor beam Engines are offline. Where's Harry? Well, we've got to find him. We're in a Borg Cube and Harry's missing. That's what's going on. Some kind of botched assimilation? What are they waiting for? They've got three more potential drones here. Calm? We're in a chamber of horrors or haven't you noticed?  Commander, we've got company. Actually, I was just trying to (Mezoti shoots Paris.)
Yes, ma'am.
Maybe Starfleet found a way to get a probe here. Maybe they're looking for us. Yes, ma'am. (Later, at a purple nebula.) We're approaching the beacon's coordinates, Captain. Aye. (Boom!) Warp engines are offline, Captain.  It's no use. We're not going anywhere with that shuttle sticking out of our side. It's totally destabilising our warp field.  Picking up a gap in the Nistrim's warp trail, Captain. Paris here, Captain. Acknowledged. Paris here. Aye, Captain. [Kazon ship] (Culluh is slapping Chakotay around.)  Sixty seconds to transporter range, Captain. Aye, Captain.
A ship just decloaked off our port stern. D-Seven? They were retired decades ago. Seriously enough to destroy their own ship? I was hoping our daughter would be special, but I never dreamed she'd turn out to be the Klingon messiah. You said that an hour ago. Well, at least you have a handsome cellmate. I thought you'd be glad to have other Klingons around. You've always told me how uncomfortable it is being the only one. Maybe you should talk to some of them. Give them a chance. (Doorbell)PARIS: Come in. (Janeway enters.) We could be with these people for a while. You can't avoid them forever. If it'll make you feel any better, I'll go with you. [Cargo bay] Hey, take it easy. The father of that mongrel child. Then you don't believe in the Prophecy? So you just want to stretch the truth a little. Is that how you remember it? Watch it. That's my wife you're talking about. I haven't refused any challenge. Stay out of this. I accept. [Ready room]  What was I supposed to say? They were all watching. There would have been a riot if I refused. What makes you so sure I'd lose? Look, I have no intention of fighting anyone to the death, but wasn't the whole point of this to get them to believe that we are the parents of their saviour? I'll try to remember that. The only Klingon I'm afraid of is my wife after she's worked a double shift. (They fight. T'Greth disarms Paris at one point, but he scrambles to retrieve  his weapon. They clash blades and Paris dodges the slashes until T'Greth collapses, breathless. The EMH goes to treat the fallen warrior.)  Captain, I'm detecting multiple transports. Some of our people are being beamed down to the surface. I can't. There's no one in Engineering. [Transporter room] Yes, ma'am. [Sickbay] I'm sure our daughter wouldn't mind lending it to the old man every now and then. You know, this is one special kid we're going to have. I was hoping for an artist, or maybe a musician, but she's already the saviour of an entire race. I don't know. There are a lot of coincidences to explain. I mean, what were the odds that they'd run into the one ship in the whole quadrant with a Klingon aboard? Maybe we should name her Kuvah'Magh, just to be safe.
They're scrambling, Captain, in all directions. I hate to ruin a good chase, but the Ba'Neth ship is moving out of the deflector's range. Fetran sauce on a sundae? This is fantastic. Only desserts? How come? From your mouth to the Captain's ears. It turns out Tuvok is quite the pastry chef. Yes, ma'am. We're within range. That got their attention.
We're under attack. By, by, I'm not sure what they are. Checking. We seem to be tethered to some kind of large plant. We're back where we started from, Captain.
 So, how'd it go with B'Elanna today? No, I'm not asking for sordid details. I just want to know if you think you can help her. Take it from me, getting B'Elanna to control her temper is like convincing a Ferengi to leave his estate to charity. They're contaminated with theta radiation. Our warp field just collapsed. Aye, Captain.  B'Elanna. Aren't you forgetting something? A goodbye would be nice. So long, see you soon, something along those lines. Risk what? Argument? Us? So, I hear it's been a short fuse kind of day. Nothing you can't handle. I know so. Like what? Well, the galaxy doesn't stand a chance. Now, promise me that you're going to be careful over there. No stopping to have fun. See you soon. [Malon Freighter corridor]  The freighter's manoeuvring thrusters just activated. It's altering course.  The Malon's thrusters are powering down.
On our way. (Later -) Pleasant fellow. Er, you could say that. No, thank you. Nice place. (Elsewhere, Neelix approaches a slightly more humanoid person.)  Hey, Neelix, what's up? Oh, you may regret that. Chakotay and I have to pick up a supply of biomimetic gel tomorrow morning, and I am trying to find to find the container that is listed as the proper transport device. Starfleet standard issue L647X7. Sure, anything. That's right. I've thought a lot about that, and it comes down to one simple fact. I didn't tell the truth. I made a mistake, which happens to people, but if I'd admitted that mistake it would have been a lot better. But I lied about it, and it nearly ruined my life. Why do you ask? After I've done here, a bunch of us are going to go down to the resort. Why don't you come along? Okay. [Engineering] What is this? Arrest?
Not a moment too soon. Second, third, fourth. I still don't know what I've done to deserve you, But whatever it is, I'll try to keep doing it. And I promise to stand by you, to honour you, till death do us part. May this ring be the symbol of our eternal love. Crickets? Ah. Well, between you and me, B'Elanna and I don't need aphrodisiacs. I was hoping for some place a little more down to earth. Earth. I was thinking Chicago in the Roaring Twenties. Speakeasies, flappers, the Charleston. Is there a problem? Let me let you in on a little secret, Neelix. Earth has the best vacation spots in the galaxy. It's got the cultures, the climates, the history, the people. It has everything you ever want in a planet. No, no. Just a native. [Engineering] Ah, can't join you tonight. Dinner with B'Elanna. Jealous? Good night, Harry. [Paris' quarters]  B'Elanna? If we're going to live together we're going to have to compromise on the temperature. Computer, reset environmental controls  Hey. How's my old lady? Here it is. Our honeymoon. Six days and seven nights in the historic Graystone Hotel in beautiful downtown Chicago, circa 1928. Wait till you see it. Crystal chandeliers, wall to wall Italian marble. We'll take a drive up Michigan Avenue in a vintage Duesenberg, hobnob with the stars of the silver screen, dance the Charleston at a genuine speakeasy called the Green Mill. That's already taken care of. Our bags are packed and waiting for us at the hotel. It's on ice, in a silver bucket right next to our canopy bed. B'Elanna? Doctor! Increasing electrolytic levels to ninety millijoules. Maybe we can try a direct neural resequencing. We can't just let her die! No! I don't want to leave her. What mission is that? There's no one here by that name. Sorry? What for? She was a duplicate, just like you are, Harry. You can drop the good soldier routine. You don't have to do everything the Captain says anymore. Hell, she's not even the Captain. Okay. Well, let's suppose she does get us back to Earth. What then? You really think your family is going to welcome you with open arms? For all you know the real Harry Kim is having Sunday dinner with them right now. And you come strolling through the door, they're going to see you for exactly what you are. An impostor. Landing struts online. Inertial dampers at maximum. That planet may be our last chance for survival. I'm not sure why we're still taking orders from you. In the meantime, which direction do you want me to go? Captain? Five million kilometres. Four hundred thousand kilometres. Aye, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
You're in a good mood. What did you have for breakfast? (They kiss.) Why did she faint? Is that serious? Creating new life. But the odds against human-Klingon conception are so high. When is the baby due? Is it a girl or a boy? We've already been surprised. Okay, okay, Mommy knows best. I wonder if the holodeck has any child-rearing programmes. I'll take whatever help I can get. Maybe I could replicate one of those antique cribs. We need to do a lot more than that. Of course I'm happy. Just a little overwhelmed, that's all. Absolutely. (They hug and laugh.) Thanks. How did you find out? We were hoping to keep it private for an hour or so. Thanks. I guess. I can't think of anyone more qualified. Where did you hear the news? In the datastream from Earth? Don't you think you're exaggerating just a little? It's fatherhood , Harry, not exile. Well, it's, it's not quite real yet. Do you need any help? Really? Well, we ought to change that. I mean, we've known each other a long time. We ought to work more closely. So, I guess you've heard. B'Elanna and I are going to have a baby. Finally, someone who doesn't know. Thanks. You know, a baby is, er, it's a big responsibility. But I'm ready for it. Not that you can ever be completely ready, can you? Well, I don't know anyone else who's been through it. Then you've had a long time to think back on it. Any helpful hints? I'll remember that. Something tells me I'm going to be volunteering to work with you on a regular basis. [Torres-Paris' quarters] Well, I figured quiet romantic dinners may soon be a thing of the past. Tough day? Well, if you ever need a baby-sitter, Godfather Neelix is ready to go. Neelix already has a list of names. Folk wisdom is my favourite. According to Chell, Bolians believe that if you give birth near a warp core, it'll improve the baby's disposition. People should know better than to interfere with a Klingon mother. Nothing. It was a joke. Take it easy. Forget about the Doctor. Forget the captain or the godfathers. I know I am. This isn't about their expectations or hopes or doubts. None of this belongs to them. Lucky us. Can it be corrected? You never told me that. Are you saying that this baby is a girl? But it is a girl, right? Will she need surgery? If you can project an image of the spine, can you use the genetic data to show us the whole baby? Let's take a look. Oh, come on. Aren't you curious? Oh, she's beautiful. Oh, she looks just like her mother. [Torres' memory - campfire]  She's perfect, isn't she? [Torres-Paris' quarters] Six years in the Delta Quadrant and nothing has ever scared me as much as hearing our baby had a problem. We didn't know that at first. And we also know that the Doctor is going to fix everything tomorrow morning. We could both use some sleep. Computer, dim the lights. [Torres' memories - camping trip] You still have time for my favourite gourmet breakfast, peanut butter toast. If you're having trouble sleeping now, wait till those oh two hundred feedings come around. I can't wait. Wouldn't you like some moral support? It's more than that. You want to change who she is, her individuality, her. You don't want her to be Klingon. That's what this is really about, isn't it? You're trying to protect her from being Klingon because you had a rough time when you were a kid. That isn't going to happen to our daughter. Everyone on Voyager will accept her for who she really is. Meaning what, exactly? Okay then, tell me. Voyager isn't just one way. We've got Bajorans, Vulcans, a Talaxian. Our daughter is going to have a mixed heritage just like her mother. It's something you'll have in common. Something she should be proud of. Why destroy that? She's not a machine, She's our daughter. [Ready room] Do you see what I'm dealing with here? Seven was born human. The captain just helped to restore her original physiology. Our child isn't even born yet. How do you know what's going to make her life better? Look, the Doctor said you might experience mood swings. I didn't mean that.  B'Elanna? You heard the captain. We have to work this out. What I want is to have a civilised discussion with my wife. Maybe a change of scenery would help. How about the holodeck? At least I'm trying. Look, I don't care where we do it, but we have to talk this out. I think B'Elanna and I need some time apart. She's barely pregnant and already we're having a major crisis. But that's what worries me. We're always fighting and making up. How's that going to affect our daughter? Yeah, unless B'Elanna thinks battling is too Klingon. That doesn't give her the right to turn our child into a science experiment. What am I supposed to do? What good would that do? What if she can't?  Morning. So, how are you today? No. What I meant was, how are you? You know, Harry has the lumpiest pillows on the ship. He snores, keeps the room way too hot. I missed you. I still owe you that slice of peanut butter toast. Why don't we go back to our quarters, fire up the toaster? What? On what grounds? Are you sure about all of this? No offence, Doc, but I am just trying to understand what's going on. How long do we have? I want to thank you both for helping B'Elanna when she fainted. Well, you probably don't know this, but there may be some problems with the pregnancy. The Doctor suggested a treatment for the baby, but his findings are very confusing, at least to me. You have some expertise in genetics. Do you mind taking a look at this? I hope you're right. I didn't think that was possible, unless there's some sort of glitch in his programme. Thank you. I'll let her know. Thanks. B'Elanna, this is Tom. Respond. Computer, locate Lieutenant Torres. See if you can deactivate the Doctor. Keep trying. Paris to Tuvok. Meet me in Sickbay. [Outside Sickbay] To change his mind about the medical procedure. Computer, open Sickbay doors.  Doctor, stop what you're doing. Your programme has been altered. B'Elanna, this is completely irrational. She's manipulating you, Doc, in more ways than one. Tuvok, would you mind giving us a minute? (Tuvok leaves with his security guards.)PARIS: I never thought you would go this far. Reprogramming the Doctor? You mean to reconfigure our baby so she wouldn't be treated like a monster. What else is it about, then? Come on, B'Elanna. Tell me. No, no, we're not going to forget it. We're going to talk about this right now. What are you talking about? What? What about him? But it didn't. You probably just wanted him to stop you.  Maybe he was right. Maybe you misunderstood. You had a right to be, after the things he said. Oh, B'Elanna. You can't blame yourself for that. Because he was obviously unhappy about his marriage. He didn't leave just because you told him to. Look, whatever the reason was, I'm sure it was a horrible thing for you to live with. Wait a minute. You don't think? B'Elanna, I am never going to leave you. And someday I hope it's three or four. I mean it. And I hope that every one of them is just like you. B'Elanna, I am not your father and you are not your mother. And our daughter is going to be perfect just the way she is. I know so. Medical officer's log, stardate 54452.6. Lieutenant Torres has deleted the alterations she made to my programme. It's a relief to be back to my old self again. [Sickbay]
Aye, Captain. And may I suggest, if this works, we petition the Federation Astronomical Committee to officially designate this the Harry Kim Wormhole. (Later.) Captain, we're approaching the coordinates of the wormhole. Sensors also indicate it's there. I guess it's a little too small for us to fly through. It doesn't look like any wormhole I've ever studied. Does that mean we can't send a message through it? Captain, I'm getting a distorted energy reading. How will we know if the signal reaches somebody? I'm getting it too. A subspace signal relayed through the probe. Why would he pretend to be a cargo captain. Okay, we've got the communications frequency locked in. How can we do that? We'd be going back to a time when you were only two years old.
Keep at it, Harry. Bounty hunters. Looks like they're calling your bluff, Captain. It was a bluff, wasn't it? That's a big if. We're out. I can't get away. They're right on top of us. We're in transporter range. Let him talk. You scanned it? That's cheating. He's right. Sensors just picked up a half dozen ships on an intercept course. Setting a course.
You've got a mild concussion. Oh, none taken. So this is replicated, right? And how do you get it to move? Oh, come on, B'Elanna. They're all doing this for you. Oh no, there's not a lot of Klingon in you. Your mother? You're kidding. Out of the plasma cooker, into the fire. Help us find you. Your shuttle was drifting on the trailing edge of an ion storm. You lost life support. We found you just in time. We almost lost you. Artefact?  Hi. What are you reading? Find anything? Oh, come on. It can't be that bad. What do you mean? B'Elanna, you can't even be sure your mother is dead, much less blame yourself for what happens to her in some afterlife. B'Elanna. Okay. Well, wait a minute. What do you mean, go back? B'Elanna, I respect what you believe in, but you're starting to scare me. There must be an easier way for you to explore your spirituality. Go to church, or something? Look, I'll read the scrolls, I'll learn Klingon. We'll figure this out together. I just hope there is a next time. Be careful. (He kisses her.) Neural activity is decreasing to eighty seven percent. Sixty two percent. Synaptic function is failing. Neural activity is nominal.  Her neural patterns are breaking down. We're losing her. Hear, hear.  Neural activity's at twenty three percent. No effect. Defend yourself.
It'll take us weeks to follow that course. (The course on the screen is more like a meandering river in a flood plain.) I could chart the nebula, try to avoid any She's masked the shuttle's ion trail. I've lost her signal. She's gone. [Ready room] The trick is going to be our energy signature. Voyager's too big to hide, but a shuttlecraft with the proper shield modulation and its engines powered down could drift right through without so much as a peep. I've located Seven's shuttle. It's two point five million kilometres from here. The implants in Seven's body are disrupting the transporter signal. I can't get a lock. You want to beam in there? I'm not sure that's a good idea, Tuvok. Closed quartesr, Borg against Vulcan? No offence, but you won't stand a chance if she decides to put up a fight. Come to think of it, no. She's charging weapons. Ready. Come on, Tuvok, give me a sign. (Whumph! Seven fires at the shuttlecraft several times.) Damn! [Seven's shuttlecraft] Paris here, Captain. Glad to hear your voice. Tuvok is with Seven of Nine. I haven't been able to establish communication with him since he transported to her shuttle. I've tracked them to an M class moon orbiting the fifth planet of a yellow dwarf star. [Bridge] PARIS Warp engines are offline, shields are [Paris's shuttlecraft] At fifty percent. I've located Tuvok and Seven, but there's a lot of interference. I'm attempting [Paris' Shuttlecraft] To lock onto them now, Captain. [The Raven]
Yes, sir. We'll be in full view of the planet in a few seconds. Orbital sensor net has picked us up. They're scanning the ship. We're being hailed. If we could beam in close enough to where the away team is being held, we might be able to get in and out of there before the Mokra had a chance to react. Standing by. Sounds like they have other things to worry about right now. That disruption might not be accidental. Someone might be trying to get out. Even if our people didn't cause the problem, you know they'd take advantage of it. This is our best chance to find them. Understood. [Prison complex] (The prisoners are escaping very quietly.) Captain.
Tuvok? Tuvok! (Paris goes to help and gets pushed away.) Captain, he does it to himself. He's Chief Medical Officer. Is it our fault that's not enough for him? I could put the Flyer down just outside of that. What's the matter, Neelix? Afraid of a little exercise? I have to agree. (The EMH gets a message on his PADD - Dinner Tonight? He looks up and Seven winks at him.) You might try carrying a transport enhancer to the site. We're approaching the canyon. Whew! What a view! Voyager, mayday! We've been hit. I'm taking us into the canyon. Understood. We'll contact you again when we reach the site. [Overlooker ship] There's nothing on the sensors, Doc. What if this is all part of their attack? A ruse? Captain on the bridge. What I wouldn't give right now for a whoopee cushion. Ancient technology. (The EMH sits in the Captain's chair. Her screen beeps and he leaps to his feet, before sitting down slowly again.) That didn't feel like a warning shot.
 Engine efficiency's down another fourteen percent. If we don't get more power to the warp drive, we're all going to have to get out and push. Here you are. Not to mention its lousy bedside manner. Er, only two semesters. But Captain (Bang! The ship shakes.) We're being pulled toward the singularity. We're moving forward again. Captain, according to these readings, we've returned to our previous co-ordinates. This isn't another singularity. It's the same one. They can't both be right. We're either still at the singularity or we're not. Warp engines holding steady. All systems report normal. No. We're still steady on three one zero mark two one five. It's the Voyager. It's us. (Everyone stares at the viewscreen.) Sensors confirm it's definitely USS Voyager. Wait a minute. Wait. Wait a minute. Let me get this straight. We were cruising along at warp seven, then we pick up a distress call and moved in to investigate. But now you're saying that the other ship is actually just a reflection of us and that the distress call is actually just the Captain's opening hail. But we picked up the distress call before she sent the hail. How could we have been seeing a reflection of something we hadn't even done yet? Am I making any sense here? Scanning the singularity. I'm picking up something. A slight irregularity. It could be a rupture in the event horizon. It is a rupture, Captain. It's fifteen metres by ten metres. Captain, if we get too close to the rupture our warp engines might make it collapse even further. You'll need the best pilot you've got in that shuttle, Captain. That'll be me. They'll have to widen it twice that much before Voyager can make it through. (Bang! Voyage starts shaking again.) Aye, sir. [Shuttlecraft] (The shuttlecraft is returning to two Voyagers, one coming towards them and one facing away.) I'm losing power to the port impulse engine. Sometimes you just have to punch your way through. I'll have to remember that one. Oh, it's all right. It's just a scratch, really. You know, I like you better this way. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
That guy is worse than a Ferengi Definitely not standard Starfleet issue. What do you think? It's not as accurate as our compression rifles, but it's a lot easier to handle. I wouldn't mind carrying one of these the next time we run into the Hirogen. If you don't mind, I'd like to test some of the other firearms. At least two hours. Only that they'd finished their work on the rifle. She seemed fine. What are you saying, Tuvok? That Seven is making this up? Captain, there's a ship powering it's engines at those coordinates.  Kovin's ship is on a heading of one eight mark two five. We're at nine thousand kilometres and closing. I can't find him. All of my sensor readings have disappeared. He's in range. He's coming about, heading right for us. Aye.
Well, you play hockey, you got to expect a few lumps. Relax. I'll come up with something. [Sickbay] Right. Well, er, see, Doc, we were running these invasion scenarios, when this species of proto-humanoid. Are you okay, Doc? The programme running in Sickbay is from one of Doc's old training files. Now what? Less than two hours. Again?  Entering orbit.
Good morning. Here's the helm control evaluation you wanted. Are we still on for dinner tonight? Ah ha. Okay. Have you decided if you're, if you're going through with it? You were the one who suggested it. Of course not. You wouldn't want to get too sentimental. That'll make your hair stand on end. That's a run of bad luck, all right. No, that's okay. Think about that dinner.(Chakotay enters. Paris whispers to him on his way out.)PARIS:  Be careful. I tried to find you before, but you were on the holodeck. You know, you left it running. There was a Klingon in there who didn't look too happy. Yeah, and he was nursing a whale of a black eye. Looked like he'd had a run in with someone having a really bad day. So, how'd it go? As a matter of fact I do. You have been like a spitting cobra all day and it's getting boring. You know, we designed that holodeck programme together, and I think you owe me the courtesy of telling me what happened. It matters because it's part of who you are. You've been running away from that your whole life. I care about you, but if you're going to keep pushing me away then there's no point in my staying around, is there? Don't worry. If this is the way you treat people who try to be your friend, you'll be alone all right.  [Briefing room] (The Caatati are identical, but the novelisation names the character as the second one in the following scenes.)  I've never navigated a transwarp conduit. Any problems I should be aware of? I am a quick study. LUMAS: What species is that? Sorry about that. Well, the way he reacted to you. Good. I'm afraid you're right. Does that bother you? Well, I'm not one of those people. We all have a past. What matters is now. That if there's any way I can help you adjust to your life here on Voyager, please ask me. Past warp two. I know. We're at warp two point three. That did something. Shut down the deflector. You can't order me, I outrank you. I'll try decoupling the dilithium matrix. It's not working. The core is about to breach! B'Elanna, there's no more time. We've got to get out of here. Come on. Yes ma'am. I'll change course to avoid it. Well, look at it this way, how much worse could it get? Having to dump the warp core has to be the low point of any day. Or maybe it's just a streak of bad luck? Sensors have picked up a polymetallic object. Could be the core. Maybe they're guarding it for us. I see it. What do they think they're doing? This is the Shuttle Cochrane to the Caatati vessel. Please Oh, what a coincidence. So are we. LUMAS [OC]: I'm afraid we got here first. Don't interfere or we'll open fire. They're not answering. We have to stop them from destroying the core. It's working. (Whumph.)PARIS: What was that? No effect. We have to get out of here. Computer, send a distress call to Voyager. Give them our coordinates. Computer, respond. Transporters are still online. Stand by to energise. Energise.  [Space] When they get the impulse engines repaired they'll come looking for us. Agreed. If we could interplex the comm. systems in both suits we might be able to create a phased carrier wave. Voyager would read the signature and know it's from us. I thought you'd never ask. (He pulls on her lifeline to bring her close in.) Why is it we have to get beamed into space in environmental suits before I can initiate first contact procedures? Ah, that is not fair. The other day in Engineering I must have gone four minutes before I started thinking about it. Ah! Ah! Yeah. Let's hope it's still that strong by the time it gets to Voyager.  [Ready room] You dropped out too soon. In the third year there's a six week course of actual spacewalks so you can get used to them. I wish I'd known you then. I can't imagine a time I wouldn't have found you fascinating. My oxygen supply is leaking. Yes. Much better. Thanks. What's wrong?  I'm lowering the oxygen ratio. That should give us a few more minutes. Oxygen deprivation. We have to try to make it last as long as possible. What? We are not going to die. Would you stop talking like that? There's something I've been wanting to ask you. When we first met, you didn't have a very high opinion of me. Flattery won't get you any more oxygen. Do you think I've changed? Well, it's a sure fire way of not getting hurt. Shush.(He holds her in his arms.)  [Bridge] I was having a dream. Me too. I'm glad the last thing I'll see is you. Now you're being a little hard on yourself. The truth about what? You picked a great time to tell me. (The sleek shape of an approaching Federation starship is reflected in Torres' helmet.) We're here.
It would be a rough ride, but I think it's possible. Acknowledged. Paris out.
They're matching our course changes. (A biobed dematerialises..) I feel like we've just been mugged.   [Briefing room] No great loss there. I said you could talk with Commander Chakotay. I didn't say he'd necessarily do business with you. So Leonardo's on the move. Is the captain with him? Or she may have been discovered. You bet.  [[Hillside] We're at one thousand kilometres, nine fifty, nine hundred. Eight hundred and fifty kilometres. Seven hundred kilometres. Five hundred kilometres.
Yeah. Ping-Pong. You should try it, it's a great test of hand-eye coordination. Oh, too bad. Well, I guess I'll have to tell B'Elanna that you thought you couldn't beat her. Is it working? It's yes or no, Seven. The tournament's tonight. Great. Meet me in the mess hall at nineteen hundred hours. We'll get in a little practice first. [Doctor's office] It's all in the wrist. Say goodnight, Harry. (But the ball freezes in mid-air. Seven grabs a handy tricorder.) Dropping spatial charges. They're not pursuing.  Yes! It's all in the wrist. Who are you? (Future Seven staggers in and shoots Braxton.) PARIS: Bridge, intruder alert, deck two. (Braxton staggers, then she shoots his tricorder out of his hand before collapsing against the wall. Braxton grabs his tricorder and runs out.)
 Show mercy. I'll pay you back double with next month's replicator rations. Let me put it another way. This is a life and death situation. I'm not exaggerating. This is the anniversary of my first date with B'Elanna. Yes. And if I don't come through with some kind of romantic dinner Neelix, you're a saint. Okay, that'll be one bottle of Mouton Rothschild, a 2342 if it's in the database. A Terrelian pheasant, steamed asparagus, and a single rose. You can send the food requisition to B'Elanna's replicator, the wine and the flower I'll take with me. I can't show up empty-handed. (Kim enters.) Ah, anniversary. Coffee? You're not fooling anyone. You love these night shifts. Your chance to play Captain. Oh, what's the point of trying to compete with an ambitious upstart like you? Just promise me one thing. When you reach the top, you'll remember all the little people you climbed over to get there. You won't make them work night shifts? [Bridge]  Make way for the day shift. He's directing us to a system two point three light years from here. Aye, sir. [Sickbay]  I'm reading a subspace surge off our port bow. We're being hailed. Audio only. The alien vessel has opened fire. We've lost weapons and shields. [Sickbay] I think I can simulated the explosions with a well-timed disruption to the inertial dampers. Of course, asking me to give you a bumpy ride is like asking a virtuoso to sing off-key. At least long enough for us to get Seven to Sickbay. Medical emergency. Do well on this mission, Neelix, and maybe the Captain will promote you to Senior Beautician. [Doctor's office] Yes, ma'am. [Sickbay] Captain, thirty two vessels just dropped out of warp off our port bow.
So, you're going to realign your sensors with Seven's. Sounds like fun. What was that? Whatever it is, it's getting closer. Aye, sir. I was looking at her ship. It uses a sophisticated polarisation technique that causes our sensor scans to pass right through it. She could have been shadowing us for quite a while. That last volley damaged our propulsion systems. We have thrusters only. I'm on it, Captain. [Jefferies tube]
Chakotay had his heart set on that nebula we're headed for. Learn while you sleep. I tried that once, It gave me a headache. Anybody want to hazard a guess? I don't doubt it. We were being attacked by the Kazon. Half the ship's systems were down. Armed to the teeth. But we scanned for debris. And that's where the reactor went? How?
You sure you're ready? You'd be surprised. The clutch on a '69 Mustang can be pretty tricky. She's working. Relax. You're talking this mission very seriously. I'm sure you're up to it, Ambassador. You're imagining things. B'Elanna. (Torres goes over to Seven.) B'Elanna, let's go have a nightcap. Looks like Sandrine's is under new management. Who deleted my pool table? More social lessons? He's a hologram. Well, you programmed him to interact with Seven. Real people don't respond the same way. You're teaching Seven how to date? Ha! Talk about the blind leading the blind. Are you kidding? Half the men on this ship would jump at the chance. But getting a date is one thing, keeping it from turning into a disaster is another. Well, fine. Let's say you get her a date. This is the holodeck. The cards are stacked in her favour. If you want to really put her to the test you have to do it in the real world, where anything can happen. Put your latinum where your mouth is. If Seven brings a date to the reception, and leaves with the same date on good terms, without causing a diplomatic incident, I will work double shifts in Sickbay for the next month. I get a month off. If I were you I'd start looking for somebody to fill in for me. [Mess hall] Oh? Who'd she pick? Ha! Chapman? Good luck. He's renowned for being nervous around women. Are you kidding? Seven's dominant personality will have him running for the airlock before dessert. Efficient. I'll give you that, but charming? No, I didn't, but then again, I've never asked her to sing for me. It sounds like you're getting a little infatuated with your star pupil. Whatever you say, maestro.  How do you bend a hologram's ear? Use a prism. What did the counsellor say to the hologram? You're projecting. Well, well, well. What do we have here? Oh, you don't say? Well, your last date ended up in Sickbay. I hope this one goes a little smoother. Yes, a gin and tonic with a twist. Impressive. You've actually taught her to be polite. But don't think you've won our bet. She was supposed to bring a real date. That guy's so lubricated he'll laugh at anything. That was lovely. I've got to admit it, you've done wonders. All right, you win. I know when I'm licked. You tell me when you want me to start those double shifts. Er, don't blame him, it was my idea. Maybe he needs a cold shower. I'd say he's already violated a few rules. What's one more? Ah. I recommend the direct approach. Tell the person how you feel. Well, that's the risk you always take. Why don't you tell her? Come on, Doc. It's obvious the Ambassador is not the only one in this room who's intoxicated. A hologram and a Borg? Stranger things have happened. Just look at me and B'Elanna. [Corridor]
That's why I'm taking the Flyer, alone. With all due respect. The last time you took the Delta Flyer to confront the Borg, it ended up in a couple of thousand pieces. A good pilot might be able to help you do that. Thirty seven doesn't sound approximate to me. Nothing on sensors. Yes, ma'am. [Borg vessel] Captain, you've got company. There's a ship Nice shot. They're breaking pursuit. [Sickbay] She's going into anaphylactic shock. It's losing synaptic cohesion. Captain, this was our twelfth simulation. Something tells me thirteen won't be our lucky number.
 Harry. Take me with you, buddy. Oh, come on. I've been itching to get back into space ever since we set down on this dust bowl. I'm tired of cleaning conduits and replacing relays. That ship is in pretty bad shape. You're going to need a good pilot. Wait a minute. I know what this is about. Sure. You've got a girl on that ship you don't want me to know about. Then what is it?  Where are you going in such a hurry? Ah. You've been seeing a lot of my wife lately. Should I be worried? You can't fool me. I heard you two were planning on scaling some cliffs together. Hey, relax. Spending time on the holodeck is good for you. But if you really want to have fun, forget climbing. Try my race car programme. You get to chase me around the track in an old Earth ground vehicle. Three hundred kph. It'll really get your blood pumping. Do you think you can take me? Tomorrow, holodeck two, nineteen hundred hours. [Engineering] What about Harry and Seven?  We've just crossed out of Annari space.
 Can we try a different kind of signal? Something stronger? What seems to be the trouble? Hmm. No wonder. Acute functional dyspepsia. Heartburn. I'll replicate some antacid. It's heartburn, Neelix, not the Terrillian plague. What did you feed them, anyway? Where did you find that recipe? Don't you think you're jumping the gun a little bit? I hope you're right. If not, I'm going to spend the rest of this trip treating upset stomachs.  Take a look around you, Harry. What do you see? Exactly. So, it's not the helm of a starship, is it? I am a pilot, Harry, not a doctor. What if he doesn't get back? I need your help, Harry. Rescue me from medical exile. You're an expert in holotechnology. You have got to design a new doctor. Think of it as a challenge, Harry. A chance to make history and save your best friend all at the same time. [Astrometrics lab] Let's have a look. Right. You're the boss. What do we do next? And once we transfer all the data into stoneface's matrix, we'll have ourselves a brand new medical expert. Harry, you are a genius. Yeah, but it's a step in the right direction. What happened to all that youthful optimism? Oh, you know, I've been thinking about that. Maybe we should make this one a little more pleasant than the old doc. What's he doing? Can you stop him? Listen, this is all very fascinating. But would you please be quiet for a minute! Well give him some, would you? What's happening? What are you doing? I thought you said it was too much data for his holomatrix to handle.
Hey. Watch it, will you? I'm trying to set up a shot here. Who the hell are you? Sure. We were at the Academy together, right? Oh. Well, it must have been the Exeter. We served on the Exeter together? Ah, Voyager. Well, sorry to disappoint you, but I never set foot on that ship. And I can't say that I'm sorry, considering what happened to it. Oh, yeah. Captain Janeway asked if I'd help her track down that Maquis ship in exchange for an early release from the penal colony. What? Are you kidding? I said yes! It sounded better than Starfleet Rehab. Anyway, I got as far as Deep Space Nine, where I got into a bar fight with a Ferengi, and I was thrown into the brig by a very unpleasant shapeshifter. Janeway tried to get me released but my parole was revoked by Starfleet Command. Voyager left without me. Yeah. How do you know about that? You're right. That does sound crazy. What is it you want? (laughing) You had me there for a minute. You really did. But then you blew it. You're not getting me to set foot inside Starfleet Headquarters. So you tell whatever admiral or captain who sent you that I'm not interested in being another pawn in one of their games. Oh, it isn't? Oh, that's a shame. I like games. You know, you're starting to annoy me. What do you see, Ensign? Excuse me. (Paris punches the security guard. Very hard.) Ow! There goes my bank shot. (Paris takes the phaser.) Helping out a friend. Let's go. (The crowd do not stop them.) [Alleyway] I still have a few friends at Starfleet. They told me you were in some serious trouble. I know the feeling. Those security anklets really chafe, don't they? Let's just say it's been a long time since anybody gave a damn about my future, including me. I don't know if I'm supposed to be on Voyager like you've told me, but it sounds a whole lot better than the life I have here. I'm willing to take my chances, Ensign. Won't be long before they find us. We better keep moving. Sounds to me like you need a pilot. I know someone who used to be pretty good. And if I'm not mistaken, he still knows a few tricks. Site-to-site transporter. With friends like mine, you never know when it'll come in handy. Where's your office? I can beam us in. But we'll only have a few minutes before Security starts kicking down the door.  So, Harry, once we're on board the runabout, what's the plan? Might? Security's just been alerted to an unauthorised transport in the building. It'll take them another twenty seconds to track it to this office. How are you coming? They're onto us. We've got to go. Now! (One of the security officers fires his phaser. They duck behind the drafting board and there is a transporter sound.)  [Runabout Yellowstone] Let's get those engines going. Space doors closing. Releasing docking clamps. Moorings clear. Here we go. (Paris does the traditional ninety degree roll to get through the gap in the space doors.) We're clear. Adjusting course to match. Going to full impulse. I'll try to lose them, Harry, but they're a lot faster than we are. They're closing to five thousand kilometres. (Bang!) I thought you said this ship was new and improved. We're approaching the coordinates of the time stream. The ship's closing to three thousand kilometres. So? We could vent the warp plasma. The second they hit the plasma cloud, their engines would stall. Give us a few seconds of breathing room. Unlocking the warp drive manifold. Any second. They've dropped to one tenth impulse. Our containment field's at critical. We'd better hurry. You think? Increasing speed to one hundred and forty thousand kph. Approaching coordinates. Impact in four, three, two. We passed through the coordinates, but the runabout was unaffected. The starship has repowered its engines. They'll be here in under a minute. Are you crazy? I've locked onto the time stream. Get on the transporter pad. There's no time. That ship'll be here in another thirty seconds. Look. If you're right, then things will be changed back to the way they're supposed to be, and you'll find me back on Voyager. Go! (Paris pushes Kim onto the transporter pad and activates it. Yellowstone goes KaBOOM!) [Shuttlecraft Drake] JANEWAY The hull is starting to buckle under the stress. He won't survive much longer. Ten seconds to hull breach. Hull breach in progress. Welcome back. Kind of a rough ride, huh? What is it, Harry?
I'm not picking up their shuttle on sensors. I'm reading one on heading one five one mark eight. And another one on a divergent course twenty degrees to starboard.  The Drayans have just sent another shuttle down to the moon, Captain. We could generate the same kind of field with a shuttle's warp coils. It might be a rough ride, but we can make it.  Let's get through the pre-flight quickly. Thrusters, impulse engines, warp drive. Shields, phasers, inertial dampers, comm. system. Or we could just skip pre-flight altogether. I'll remember that. I've taken the warp drive offline. Setting up the dielectric field. It's holding, but we'll have to keep an eye on the stabiliser integrity. Captain, I'm picking up a Drayan shuttle. They're on an intercept course. The dielectric field is weakening our structural integrity. If we go much faster I'm afraid we'll break up. We're improvising here, the Drayans aren't. We'll be testing that theory in a few seconds. They're about to enter weapons range, Captain.  The Drayan shuttle is closing fast, Captain. They'll overtake us before we can land. Let's hope the ones on the surface feel the same way. We'll be through this ionosphere in a few more minutes.  I've got phasers locked on the Drayan shuttle, Captain. We should be close enough to get a comm. signal through. Tuvok, can your shuttle make it back to Voyager? Maybe we should wait for you.
I want to keep looking a while longer, just to be sure. What's wrong? You have a big dinner date or something? Well, you've been angling to get back to Voyager for about two hours now. Just thought maybe there was a reason? Like Ensign Bristow. Oh, I've noticed he's been making any excuse to hang around engineering. Around you. Oh, really. He looks like a grown up to me. Tall, good-looking and I hear he plays a mean set of Pareses Squares. I'm just curious how someone with Klingon blood seems to live the life of a tabern monk. Well, if you ever have a free evening, I have a holodeck programme you might enjoy. Sailing on Lake Como? We must have crossed into a tachyon field. A ship has locked onto our hull. The tachyon field must have disrupted our sensors. I'm Lieutenant Tom Paris.  [Holodeck - Parisian cafe, 1830s]  We're holding position five hundred thousand kilometres from the border. I'm ready to go as soon as you give the word, Captain. According to my readings it's huge! Yet. Aye sir. Here we go. I'll try holding warp nine point seven five for as long as I can. Captain, something is wrong. It's like there's a drag on the engines. You sneaked out of your house? Where were you going? Can I take a few guesses? Looks like it's been pounded on for days. It was still attached to the freighter's hull. Captain, that little ship is high-tailing it out of here.  Captain, the swarm is gaining on us. They're only one hundred thousand kilometres away now. Changing to evasive pattern gamma four.  [Turbolift] They're only seven thousand kilometres away and still coming.  Captain, they're right on top of us. I can't shake them.
Aye, Captain. Our new heading is one twenty one mark six. We've completely come about, Captain, but it wasn't me. I'm telling you, it wasn't me, and the helm controls are working perfectly. No sign of a malfunction. Aye, Captain. [Sickbay] (Torres holds a carved stone to Chakotay's head then places it on a skin held in a frame. The skin is painted with an eight pointed star and various Mesoamerican pictograms. The stone sticks.) I've checked every ODN junction in the helm control network, and I still can't find the problem. That's not true. I passed by the navigational control on my way back from the Jefferies tube, but that's all. Am I being accused of something here? I'm telling you, I didn't do it. All right. What I wouldn't give to see good old Doc Brown right now. Doc Brown. Lollipops in the waiting room, no holocomic books more than six months old, house calls. I caught a bad cold one time when I was nine years old. The doctor whipped up a pot of garlic soup and brought it over himself. (Tuvok enters.) I guess you're going to have to round up another suspect, Tuvok. That's impossible. To be honest, I don't know what to think. Another brain wave? Whose? That's true. So far it's only affected organic beings. If it could control the computer and navigational systems directly, it probably would've done it already. I feel better already. The most thorough scanning device we have on board is a magneton scanner. We could search the ship centimetre by centimetre, but that wouldn't do much good. This alien could be anywhere at any time. That should do it, Captain. Right. Captain, I've finished the bioanalysis the doctor was running on Kes before he was deactivated. I think he was on to something. If I'm interpreting his data correctly, the bruises on Kes's neck and shoulders were the result of a Vulcan neck pinch. I don't get it. If the alien's in Tuvok, how could it be down in Engineering at the same time? Two? Shields are holding, but they won't last long at this rate, and the electromagnetic radiation is blinding our sensors. I can't find a way out. Yes, ma'am. Or a map. The stones are in the same position as those three planetoids. Chakotay must be using them to point a way out.
This is Lieutenant Tom Paris. Is there a problem? I'm sorry, I’m not familiar with your regulations. It won’t happen again. What kind of penalty? That’s right.  Piloting lessons? Well, did you explain we wouldn’t be here that long? Here on Ledos? I don’t need lessons. But Captain Yes, ma’am. [Jungle] Yeah, for most people. But I did a little research. If the instructor agrees, you can skip the lessons and go right to the test. So I will be seeing you in a couple of hours. It’s an honour to meet you, sir. May I show you to the Delta Flyer? So you can explain what I did wrong, and then administer the test. I think I can find one. So how long will this review take? Of course not. [Clearing - day] (Chakotay is drawing a map in the dust for a local man. The young girl comes to watch, too.) You know, I couldn't agree more. Those are some of the defects that led to my so-called pilot error. Exactly my point. Why should I be held responsible for the ship's design flaws? Yes, sir. In fact, that is why I'm so eager to get underway. I want to prove to you that I'm a good pilot. You must have other students who need your attention. It wouldn't be fair to Thanks. You know, I don’t want to seem impatient again, but is there any way you’d let me take that test now? I understand, sir, but two of my friends are missing, and I’d like to help find them. [OC]: What is it, Captain?  Yes, ma’am. Yes, sir. I’m in a bit of a hurry. I wish I could do that, sir. I really do. (The Ledosian ship fires at them.) Paris to Voyager. [Bridge] PARIS We had to get you out of there before we close the barrier. Just sit back and enjoy the ride. Paris to Voyager. I've got them. [Bridge]  Not yet. [Delta Flyer]  I've got an idea. Something tells me that's not going to be a problem. (The Flyer swoops down through the atmosphere, phasers the deflector into molecules and gets out just as the barrier closes behind it.) [Cargo bay]
 There he is. The man of the hour. Well, rumour has it you snared the latest datastream last night. So, where's my mail, hmm? Oh, don't tell me you lost another one. So what's the hold up this time? Harry, we can't go another month without mail. Don't forget what the hologram said, Harry. This is Voyager. Not when it comes to getting us home. Our shortcuts have a tendency to blow up in our faces. Remember Arturis and his quantum slipstream drive? Or how about the telepathic pitcher plant that made us think we were on our way home right before it tried to eat the ship? Yeah, which is why we'll probably end up in the Gamma Quadrant. Don't say I didn't warn you. [Astrometrics lab] If we get home, Harry. If. State your name for the record. Would someone care to tell me what that is? If it'll make you feel any better, I'll let you in on a little secret. I was on the bridge this morning when we received a hail from an Iconian scientist. He claims to have a trans-dimensional gateway that can take us anywhere in the galaxy.
With the deuterium supply this low? Even at one quarter impulse we'll be out of gas inside a week. We could set up a bicycle in the mess hall, attach a generator, pedal home. And I volunteer Harry to take the first shift. [Corridor] Harry, the bicycle thing was just a joke.  You were pretty forceful in there. So? I don't think I've ever seen you that assertive in a staff meeting before. You must be bucking for a promotion. Oh, no, no, no. It was more than that. You put Tuvok in his place right in front of everybody. I am not criticising you. Believe me, nobody enjoys seeing the Vulcan Master put down a peg more than I do. I was just surprised, that's all. It didn't seem like you. You trying to change your squeaky clean image or something? What, then. A deep, almost fluorescent green, if I remember correctly. It's been a wild ride. Good for you, Harry. [Corridor]  But do me a favour. The next time you try to assert yourself, leave me out of it. I hate hot weather. Harry, while you're busy improving yourself, you might try working on your sense of humour. Oh, ho, ho. That was funny.  I can't thank you enough for getting me in on this mission, Harry. Remind me to volunteer you to help the next time I have to clean the warp plasma manifolds. Oh, but I do. We've lost attitude control. Watch me. Just sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride. All right. I'm going to set us down. On my mark. (Big thump. They bounce in their seats.) PARIS: Mark.  It's almost five hundred degrees Kelvin. If not, we'll be human barbecue. No sweat. What is it? In this environment? Jackpot! Right. I don't know, Harry. A couple of lounge chairs, a big beach umbrella, maybe some dermalplast to counteract the chemical burns and I think we've found ourselves a new vacation spot. Oh, come on. That was a little funny. Let me hear you do better. Harry. Harry? Hang in there, buddy, and I'll get you back to the shuttle. Have you put on weight? I'll make you a deal. You hold your breath till we get back to the shuttle and I promise I'll start exercising every day. I thought I told you to hold your breath. Hang in there, Harry. We'll make it. You've got to be kidding me. We're in the same boat now, buddy, but I'll get us out of this. You're right. I definitely need to get back in shape. Good to see you guys. Welcome to the Demon planet. Our suits were corroding, our lungs were burning. We were suffocating. You know what they say about your life passing before your eyes? Well, it's true. I was finally getting past puberty when suddenly, I lost consciousness. I don't know how long I was out but, the next thing I knew, I was awake and I was breathing normally. And I looked over at Harry. He was breathing normally too, with his helmet off. And, and we just looked at each other, and we just started laughing. I know it sounds crazy, but it was an exhilarating experience. I've already tried that. The comm. signal can't get out of the caves. I'm telling you, Chakotay. It was an amazing experience. It, it's like when you're a kid who's afraid of the water and you suddenly realise that you can swim. Go ahead, take your helmets off. Try it. Don't tell me that a big, tough guy like you is afraid of a little poisoned atmosphere? He's further inside the cave. We found a huge cache of deuterium. Whatever you say, boss, but I'm telling you. We could breathe this air forever. [Engineering] That's what I've been trying to tell them. It's all right, Harry. Once the Doc takes a look at us and sees we're fine, we'll get right back to work. [Bridge] How is that possible? So, what's our prognosis, Doc? Which means if we leave, we'll have nothing to breathe. Aye, Captain.(Voyager flies away, leaving behind over a hundred apparently Starfleet people.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Doc! Can't you do something? Look how much he's suffering. I'm backing us off. We can't be that far from where we entered. Maybe we should just set a course, go to impulse and see what happens. That'd be better than just sitting here waiting for. Like I was saying. Better than just sitting here waiting for our hull to breach. Now that's an idea. (Chakotay hears the bell.) I didn't hear anything. I'll plot a course. We'll take it slow. What do you think, Chakotay? Hear what? Bridge to Sickbay. We've got a medical emergency. (Chakotay swings at Tuvok, who delivers a neck pinch.) [Sickbay] Good enough for me. Along the way, a couple of them started sounding just like Chakotay. We've just heard from Vegas, Mars and Orion Three. The odds are running thirty three to one that he'll outpoint you. Eleven to one that you'll be k-o'ed by the fifth. Subspace radio is calling it the Disaster in the Delta. We can still scratch the card. I'll call the Doctor. We'll get you out on a medical. No. Fine, don't want to trust your friends? You're on your own. (Neelix climbs into the ring.)  He's coming out of it. You were stuck in the vision quest. Calm down. It's over for you. Chakotay. Speed is steady at one quarter impulse. Captain, I recommend we go to three quarters impulse. At this speed we should see daylight in about two months. The longer we're in Chaotic space, the longer we're exposed to these unknowns. Finally. We've been going in circles? All stop. [Astrometrics lab] We managed to side-step that one but graviton shear has increased by another three hundred and ten percent. Far from where For you For you. Captain, the graviton shear is increasing. Captain, if that course is wrong, we could breach our hull. Aye, sir. (Chakotay finally collapses.) [Corridor]
: I'm not willing to accept the fact that Harry and the others are gone for good. Their molecular patterns might still be there. And if they are, we might be able to rematerialise them. The only thing we can do is go back into the holodeck, study this energy surge, find out what exactly happened. Maybe not anyone.  [Doctor's office] A hologram can't be converted into energy. It already is energy. You're the perfect choice. : Paris to Janeway. We're ready for the transfer, Captain. How about you, Doctor? Are you ready? I've already transported a tricorder onto the holodeck. Engaging transfer circuits now. [Holodeck - Forest] (Night time. The EMH picks up the tricorder then gets his first feel of tree bark.)  I'm on it. (The EMH appears with a missing arm.) Er, I have him, Captain, more or less. I think you'd better come take a look at this. (Later, the EMH has a replacement arm.) How does it feel? I'll give you a hand.  [Engineering]  Okay, I've initiated a polarisation field. I'm introducing it into the container. : It's producing a synaptic pattern, all right. Highly complex. (The orange energy leaves the container and flies off through Engineering.) : Whatever it is, it's cutting through the bulkheads. : It's heading for deck fourteen, section C five. : Oh. It's changing direction. It's like it's avoiding the containment field. : It's changing course, heading for the open side. : Those synaptic patterns could be some sort of neural net. : It's cutting its way through the ship, heading for the outer hull. It'll breach in about fifteen seconds. Negative. Captain  [Engineering]  It's penetrating the outer hull. (Whumph.) I'm showing the energy form one hundred metres off our port side.  [Bridge]  Captain, the photonic lattice has reappeared. The lattice is gone again.
Wait, wait, let me guess. Reg Barclay or Doctor Zimmerman. Number six. Here, give your mom my best. I've waited this long. What's another six weeks?(Paris trades his number 6 for Kim's 130.) [Astrometrics lab] (There is a Bolian on the astrometrics screen, sitting behind a desk in an office.0BROHT So how's Reg? The publishers of the Dixon Hill series? Congratulations. So. what's it about? Oh, sounds like fun. You know, I've never thought about trying to get my work published. Maybe I could talk to your people about Captain Proton. What are you saying, that I'm low brow? Thanks. So, when do I get to see this opus? It was ready enough for Broht and Forrester. Oh, I almost forgot. What's it called? Catchy. [Holodeck] EMH Vortex? Computer, freeze programme. How much longer is this introduction? Skip to the first chapter. [Holodeck - Sickbay] EMH Please state the nature of the medical emergency. Second degree plasma burns. He's got an aortic rupture. Get him to the surgical bay now. (A hunky Bajoran man with a long pony tail and tattoo over his cheek, helps an injured person in. The tattoo incorporates a snake and a Bajoran symbol.) Nice moustache. Nothing. He's got a mild concussion. I'm going to have to treat the others first. As I understand it my job is to treat the critical patients first. So, if you'll excuse me (Katanay puts up a forcefield to stop him.) Well, apparently, I'm a piece of technology that's in demand so why don't you go back to the bridge and let me do my job? (Enter the captain, a woman with long black hair.) I don't think so. Lieutenant Marseilles isn't seriously hurt. This man will be dead in five minutes if I don't operate. Captain Jenkins. Everybody has a different name. You're Kymble, He thinks he's written a masterpiece. I didn't know what to tell him. People may not take the programme literally, but they might wonder if there's some truth to it. I think we should talk to the captain. What do you mean? You think I'm jealous? Okay, maybe I am overreacting. Why don't the rest of you try the programme and decide for yourselves? [Holodeck - Sickbay] EMH You set your story on a starship lost in the Delta Quadrant. This isn't about that dermal regenerator I misplaced, is it? Hey, I'm just writing what I know. Relax, Doc. I saved your programme in a backup file. But I was just trying to make a point. Oh, you're one to talk. Your programme is about as subtle as a Ferengi mating dance. Don't be ridiculous. That character is not you. For one thing, he has much more hair. But what if some people ran that programme and thought that it was based on you? That would bother you, wouldn't it? That's all you care about! You want everyone back home to think of you as a brilliant author. Listen, I don't care if the whole Alpha Quadrant mistakes me for Lieutenant Marseilles. What bothers me is that you think that's what I'm like. And how would you describe me? I'm surprised you noticed. You know, I thought I'd begun to earn your respect. Maybe I was wrong. Your programme is under file theta one five. Do whatever you want with it. [Doctor's office] Forget about it.  Really? You realise, as a writer I'm a little unsophisticated. What are you going to do? Oh, I'm sure she wouldn't mind waiting a few weeks. Then let him do the talking. [Astrometrics lab] (Paris is lending moral support.)JOHN Oh, great idea. A cover up. And then everyone will be convinced that it's a true story. Well, we'd have to prove that the story's about us and that we've been harmed by it. In other words, you want to concede that the Doctor isn't a person. If I'm not mistaken, don't you have a holonovel to revise?
Ensign. Doctor. Deck ten. So, what are you up to, Doc? Yeah. Never ends, does it? I guess that mobile emitter turned out to be something of a mixed blessing, huh? Okay. Goodnight Doctor, nice chatting with you. (The female Ensign and Paris leave the turbolift and the doors close. [Corridor] EVIL
Shoes. Muddy shoes. (through a door) The dog. (There are alien symbols at the bottom. A thunderstorm rages outside.)  But that isn't possible. No, I  [Tolen's memory] I'd better be on my way. That's not the way it happened. [Room]  This isn't the way it happened. That has nothing to do with I can't let you do that.  No, I didn't [Tolen's memory] (Paris sees himself attacking the person whose eyes he is looking through, then looks down at the knife handle sticking out of his chest before falling.) Nice to meet you. What are you looking at? What are you looking at? (Lidell enters and throws a piece of food onto the floor. The dog pounces on it immediately.) And here we are bringing more of it home to take your husband's attention away for the evening. Captain Janeway decided not to take our ship into orbit. She wanted to avoid getting involved in your conflict. So, we came in on a shuttlecraft that would avoid immediate detection by the Numiri. I hid behind the limb of the moon before I made a break for your defence perimeter. By the time their sensors picked us up, they didn't have a chance to catch us. Captain. I've been better. The rehab colony back in New Zealand doesn't seem so bad right now. No! You don't have to tell me what the victim's own eyes saw, Captain. I don't understand it either, but I did not kill him. Their marriage was over. She told Ren they were finished the same day he was killed. Nothing happened between us. Almost nothing. I was bored. You know how it is when two science guys get together. [The Ren's home] PARIS Smoking is a bad habit. My species gave it up centuries ago when we finally got it into our heads it was killing us. That's not what I meant. Now why would you go and say a thing like that? What? I was just trying to Look, I was just bored to tears in the other room and I thought you might like to talk. Ask you what? I'd be lying if I said I hadn't been wondering. That sounds like a good enough reason to me. I guess that makes you a good woman.  No, I [Tolen's memory] No! No! There must be a centimetre of water in my boots. We shouldn't. But you're still a married woman. Eclipse? Our timing's just a little off.  Everything she told you is true, except I don't remember going into the atrium or anything else after that. Sitting with her, drinking tea, talking about the sensual effects of eclipses. After that, I must've fallen asleep. When I woke up, I was in a cell. I'd better be on my way. That's not the way it happened. I can't let you do that.  This is all your fault, you know. Yeah. I consider you the conscience I never had. You're supposed to keep me on the straight and narrow. Funny, so did she. Someday it will be you, Harry. You'll meet her, and you'll know it's wrong from the first moment you see her, and you'll know there's nothing you can do about it. Hey, Tuvok, I know it's a little late to ask, but you're sure you've got the logic of this thing worked out?  Ah. That makes me feel a whole lot better. Seven hours. Just what was in that tea you gave me, Lidell? Symbols? Well, yeah, I guess I did. I didn't know what they meant. I thought they were part of the procedure. Yeah, you could. (Guards take the doctor and Lidell away.) [Mess Hall] (Paris enters and goes to where Tuvok is sitting alone eating his meal whilst reading a PADD.) Tuvok. There are some who'd say you risked my future on the eyewitness identification of a dog. Well, I appreciate you sticking up for me. I owe you one. How come I always see you down here eating alone, Lieutenant? Close enough. You don't make many friends that way. Well, like it or not, you've made one today, Mister Tuvok. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
What? What are you talking about? Help this man. Look, are you going to help this man or not? Who the hell are you? What are you (Paris disappears.) Doctor, are you listening to me? That man needs help! (That man is the EMH on a biobed, with bad burns and Janeway's voice.)
Approaching the coordinates. Weapons fire? We're in position. Some kind of thermolytic reaction. It's desiccated every cell in that body. Ah. Tom Paris. And it's been hell ever since. BLT? A nickname? Oh, how romantic. How about yellow alert? Who's jealous? Who's jealous? [Corridor] Looks like they've stepped up their attacks. Bridge to Sickbay. We have a medical emergency. Doctor, respond. Ensign. You should start with Chakotay. I've got him stabilised but he's got internal injuries. Commander?  Thirty thousand kilometres and closing. We're crossing the upper thermosphere.  They've gone to warp. You think they'll be willing to help us? Aye, sir. They're dropping out of warp. We've lost impulse engines. Ma'am?
 B'Elanna, thank God you're here. The natives are getting restless. I volunteered to help out while Neelix is away on the trade mission. The heating array overloaded, it incinerated a twelve kilo pot roast and all the food replicators went offline. Actually, I'm a pretty good cook when Engineering's doing it's job. Well the gel packs are your department, aren't they? Besides, what was I supposed to tell all these hungry, irritable people? Oh, no. You can't leave me now, Lieutenant. B'Elanna! [Sickbay]  Well, so much for lunch. I thought Klingons didn't get nauseated. You have a redundant stomach. Paris to sickbay. I just saw two macroviruses come out of B'Elanna's neck. What, what is that?
What's wrong? Are you sure it isn't just one of these malfunctions? Well, maybe he overslept. Why do you always think it's me? I'm telling you, Tuvok, we didn't do it. I tell you, Neelix, when I first joined Starfleet I knew it was going to be one glamorous adventure after another, but I never dreamed that I'd have the opportunity to go on a mould-hunting expedition. Our scans didn't detect anyone down here. Come on, Neelix, we'd better get out of the way. Why not? Good idea. You must have something that we can use. What would a couple of religious clerics want with our database? I've been flying concentric search patterns for the last twelve hours. Neelix, what has happened to us? Why didn't we see this coming? I mean, if it'd been Harry, I could understand it. He trusts everybody. But you and me? I think maybe, maybe we've lost our edge. What are you doing? Ah, the old shell game. All we need now is a mark. (The EMH enters.) You go ahead. I'll follow your lead. There. No, no, no, that one. (He picks the middle then swaps to the left hand cup.) Oh, keep trying, Neelix. You'll fool me one of these days. Oh, be my guest. But you'll have to wager something. Careful, Doc. Try not to blink. How did you? The impostor's ship is powering engines. Aye, Captain. [Brig] Ready? [Dala's ship] This is Tom Paris of the Starship Voyager. Prepare to be boarded. The old hand-off. (Paris reaches behind the EMH's ear and produces the nut.)
That's it? No, that's not going to happen. Isn't there anything else we can do? I'll take a shuttle out myself. I'll run a planet by planet search. Tuvok. Tuvok! It's a little rough. Hang on. Five point two light years, F type star, looks like the fourth planet. Good to hear it. We'll see you soon. (The copyist enters.)
It's a present for B'Elanna. Well, it's sort of personal. Neelix, are you wearing cologne? Well, it certainly is musky. Ooo, that was fast work. Where are you taking her? Sounds like a good strategy. Used to be? Neelix, are you trying to depress me? The best advice I can give you is to just be yourself. Actually, that's the second best piece of advice. Go a little easier on the musk.  [Market place]  Nobody can be expected to control their thoughts. Are you just going to let them put her through this process? And if you can't? Chakotay, we've got to talk. Here? While Tuvok and the captain are reviewing the evidence, B'Elanna's sitting in a Mari jail cell waiting for some sort of lobotomy. We can't let that happen. Break her out. They're a bunch of pacifists. They're no match for us. By the time that happens, it may be too late. You're just trying to keep me busy, aren't you? I'm serious about this, Chakotay. Thanks. I'll get right on it. That's ridiculous. Captain, you can't let them do that.
I know the way. (The two security guards follow him out. Torres, Seven and Kim watch him go past in the corridor.) [Turbolift]  Brig. [Brig] (Paris removes his comm badge and steps inside the cell. The forcefield is activated. He lies down on the bed. Oh, yeah. I do it every time I'm in jail. Leola root stew again? That's the third time this week. Can't you just replicate me a pizza? Bread and water, huh? Let's have it. (The guard lowers the forcefield and Neelix hands over the tray. The forcefield is raised again.) Oh, thanks. So, did you ask the warden about those holodeck privileges? It was worth a try. Wait. Leaving already? Pull up a chair, stay a while. Did the words cruel and unusual mean anything to her? I'm telling you, Neelix, the inmates are getting restless. She's going to Who is this? [Proton's ship] The Twin Mistresses of Evil. I should have known. You're done for, Demonica. Whatever. You two are going to jail for a very long time. Move it, toots. And leave you at the mercy of these two? I guess the good part'll have to wait. [Corridor]  Any progress on those starcharts? Fourteen hundred? You told me they'd be done yesterday. I think Jenny really likes you. I thought the feeling was mutual. What is the difference? They're the Delaney sisters, Harry. They're twins. Jenny doesn't have the dimple? Well, you've done it again, Harry. Fallen for the unattainable woman. First it was a hologram, then a Borg, and now the wrong twin. It's an ocean. What's holding it together? Are those starships or submarines? They're maintaining their course. I'll bet they were as stunned as we were to find this huge ball of water floating in space. Paris. Tom Paris. What's your population? And you all live underwater? How could you tell? [Briefing room] But that's more that six hundred kilometres deep. Well, we could take you there. Captain? [Ready room] When I saw that ocean today, it reminded me of the first time I read Jules Verne. I must have read it twenty thousand times. I was obsessed with stories about the ocean. All of my friends were busy with their holoprogrammes. I had my head buried in Captains Courageous, Moby Dick. Ancient sailing ships were always my first love. I had it all planned. Finish high school, join the Federation Naval Patrol. But my father had other ideas. As far as he was concerned, the only ship I was going to serve on had to have a Starfleet insignia on it. Captain, with a few simple thruster modifications to the Delta Flyer, she will be seaworthy in no time. Then it's my mission?  And so, I thought to myself, who better than Harry to be my first mate? Oh, sailor talk. You'll get the hang of it. I'm telling you, Harry, I have been dreaming about something like this for as long as I can remember. Of course, but there's no law says we can't have a little fun along the way. Ah, boatswain. Ready to shove off? Call me Skipper. That's what I wanted to hear. Welcome aboard. I see you like to travel light. It's okay. You can store your gear in the hold. [Delta Flyer] Immersion shielding? Anchors aweigh. (The Delta Flyer enters the ocean. They glide down past tall buildings and other things.)PARIS: Those structures, what are they? I can see why. [Ready room]  We're at a depth of five hundred and sixty kilometres. (Creak) Adjusting course. I can't see anything. Give me forward illumination, Harry. Maybe it can be repaired. It looks ancient. Initiate the interface. We've got a visitor. (A massive creature swims above them.) Only a hell of a lot bigger. Thrusters are offline. How's that upload coming? We only made him madder. I'm on it. [Brig]  Six hundred kilometres underwater, propulsion offline, water pouring into the cabin. It was like something out of one of those Jules Verne stories you used to read me when I was a kid. (A whumph! knocks Paris off his feet.) Hey, what about me? If we're in trouble we need our best pilot at the helm! You can't just leave me here! (Another Whumph slams him into the cell wall. Later, the EMH is making a house call for the bump How did we get away? Oh, yeah? Well, you just tell the Captain that Culhane's brilliant manoeuvres almost knocked me unconscious. You'd think he'd never flown a shuttle, much less a starship. That's it? Aren't you going to run a neurological scan? Maybe I should be granted a medical reprieve. Come on, Doc, you don't understand what it's like being down here all day, every day. I'm going crazy. No, seriously Doc, you might want to take me down to Sickbay for a full psychiatric evaluation. Three or four days of observation at least. Doc! Resume recording. Okay, Dad, where were we? Ah, right. We had just sprung a leak. [Delta Flyer] I think we should stay. I'm not about to be scared off by a few damaged systems.  Look, it's a good bet the reactor's malfunctioning. Now we're only going to get one shot at fixing it. You want to leave? Fine. Give me an environmental suit and you can pick me up after you've repaired the Flyer. You have a better idea? What about you two? Seven? You'd be unstable too if you were as old as this thing. That would explain why containment is weakening. Can we initiate a power transfer? Stabilise the core? That's better than nothing. [Bridge] I've been studying the generator's database. You're not going to believe this, but apparently, your ocean used to be part of a landmass. As far as I can tell, it was part of a planetary ecosystem inhabited by a very advanced civilisation. That's a good question. All I know is they launched this reactor into orbit. They used some kind of elaborate kinetic transfer system to draw the water and everything in it up to the reactor. Maybe there was some kind of disaster on the planet, or maybe it was just an experiment. Took them almost two hundred years. Actually, I think they'd be pretty concerned. This field reactor that they designed, it's a pretty amazing piece of technology. Durable. I don't think it's responsible for the loss of containment. Riga, your mining operations are destroying the ocean. [Paris' dream] (A young boy is playing with a four-masted sailing ship.)ADMIRAL You'll never get into Starfleet Academy by playing with toys. Do your homework. Are you listening to me, Thomas? Oh, you could say that. Thanks. How'd you get past the guard? Come to spring me? That's big of her. Oh, thirty days? No problem. How's B'Elanna? Yeah, I know the feeling. Thinking and, thinking. Trying not to think. Actually, I started recording a letter to my father. Yeah. For some reason I, I wanted to explain to him how I ended up in here. I didn't want him to think. Well, anyway, I realised how ridiculous it was. Give me one good reason. Doubtful. Are you bucking for ship's counsellor, Harry? At least I'm consistent. Thanks for the visit, Harry. I'm curious. Who's going to read that report? You should listen to him. If you don't make some serious changes around here soon, that ocean won't be here much longer. Do you? Seems to me like you're just trying to sidestep the issue and send us on our way. With all due respect, it's not your ocean. We can't just let this go. Of course. The almighty Prime Directive. Captain, I'm sorry Then you agree with me. You heard that Consul. They're not going to do a damn thing. Captain. As a bell. [Holodeck - Proton's ship] It's funny. I went on this mission expecting to play out a childhood fantasy. But along the way, when I realised that ocean would just be gone one day, it started to matter to me. It sounds pretty stupid, huh? I never thought of myself as a cause kind of guy. Thanks. But Captain Proton's not going to be able to save the day this time, is he? Riga. You're dismissed, crewman. (The transporter operator leaves.)PARIS: I want you to tell me honestly. What do you think's going to happen now? Isn't there anything else you can do? What would happen, hypothetically, if someone were to shut down the refineries? Yeah, and they'd probably be more willing to redesign them while they're at it. If nothing else, it would grab their attention. I'm just asking questions, because I'm not supposed to get involved in the internal affairs of alien worlds. Unless, of course, someone makes a direct request. You'd be risking your life. It's the only way we can outrun your ships. Sorry, Captain. I can't do that. I know. [Bridge] Thirty six seconds. [Bridge]  Are you sure you want to go through with this? I've taken you this far. We'd better arm that missile. Ten seconds. Nine. [Bridge]  Five. Four. Three. [Bridge]  Fire!  [Bridge] Riga needed my help. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Permission to speak freely. Riga's people weren't going to listen. They were going to ignore our warnings. Riga knew, and I was the only one who could help them. I've never been very good at playing by the rules. That doesn't mean that serving under your command hasn't changed me, for the better. At least this time, I broke the rules for a reason. For something I believed in. I know the way.  [Brig] Yes, sir. [Paris' quarters] (After his shower and shave.)TORRES Go ahead. Gee, I don't know. Are you sure you want to be seen associating with an ex-con? Yes, ma'am. (He sits down with the PADD.)PARIS: Resume recording. Well, I'm out now and back to my duties. I honestly don't know if I'll ever understand you, or what went wrong between us, but I hope this letter helps you understand me a little better. Computer, file letter in my personal database, and transmit when we're within range of Earth. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
How could I forget. Hey, I was pushed. Oh, I could use a whole pot. Ha! One mind-numbing image after the next. Really? I seem to have missed that one. Oh, I can't wait to get my hands on it. Maybe I can distribute it to everyone's personal database. What'd you put in this coffee, Neelix? [Bridge] The wave left a residual ion trail. We might be able to locate its point of origin. How do we get it off her? We have to do something. What do you mean, brush up? Don't you have all this information in your database? [Doctor's office] A hologram. Harry could do it. She's been drifting in and out of consciousness. To him? No offence, Doc, but he's just a Hey, there. I know, but don't worry. We'll get this thing off you. Just think, I could force you to listen to rock and roll all day and you wouldn't be able to do a thing about it. Relax. He's just a hologram. A specialist in exobiology. The Doc thinks he might be able to help you. Apparently, this guy's the best. Besides, he's just a walking database. I understand how you feel. Unfortunately, that cold-blooded killer may be the only one who can save your life. [Holodeck - Moset's lab] Would it be easier if we reduced the hologram's memory load? What's wrong? Whoa. Take it easy, Tabor. Whoa. He's just a hologram. Looks like your instinct was right. You're kidding, right? B'Elanna. You're not being rational. Her cytotoxin levels are going through the roof. Pulse is rapid and irregular. What she's upset about, Doc, is your Cardassian buddy. She refuses to let him treat her. She's going into cytotoxic shock. Then you've got to use it. We're talking about a woman who has alien tendrils sapping the life out of her. She's obviously not thinking straight. Logic? We're in the middle of the Delta Quadrant. Who would know? Fine. Let's just deactivate the evil hologram and let B'Elanna die. At least we'd have our morals intact. And you, Chakotay. Since when do you care what Starfleet thinks? Spoken like a true Maquis. Well, if you'd just set aside your hatred of the Cardassians for one second Thanks. [Holodeck - Moset's lab]
Holding course three five one mark one zero, warp seven. We'll be passing a red dwarf system in forty minutes. I can't tell you if there are any M-class planets. (Paris goes over to Harry Kim.) You ready? Harry, I can't do this alone. You're making a big mistake. Can't you see what's going to happen? We're the only humans out here, Harry. People are going to start pairing off, and if we don't get to the Delany sisters in Stellar Cartography soon, somebody else will. So what? I've got five. Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry. You really think she's going to wait for you? Let her go. Let her have a husband and kids and a good life, while you and I have the Delany sisters. You need to run a self-diagnostic. Look, they come as a pair. It's a double date or no date. Come on. I told them all about you. Well, for one thing, how you broke the single pilot speed record at the Academy. And who are they going to check it with? (Something hits Voyager, starting it shaking. Janeway and Neelix stagger in from the Briefing room.) I'm not sure. Scanners are picking up a debris cloud in the red dwarf system we're approaching. Aye, Captain. (A short while later, Kes has dressed and enters the Bridge.) Entering the system Captain. Heading zero one zero mark four. Deflectors at maximum. The origin of the shockwave is an M-class planet, Captain. We're within visual range. None. But the polaric radiation may be interfering with the scanners. If that's what happened, the people here never had a chance. I wonder who won? Look. This may be some kind of time piece, stopped at the moment of the explosion. (Sunlight and children's voices. Then it is gone.) What was that? Didn't you hear that? Kids playing. They were as close to me as (Paris is in the sunshine again. Children are playing ball as men and women go about their business. He is in front of a clock shop. A hand touches his shoulder and he is back in the gloom again. It was Janeway.) I don't understand. I was here in this square, but there were people. But I saw them! Lots of people, children playing, and the sun was shining. There was no evidence of an explosion. Everyone was alive and happy. No problem. Er, this is a little more formal than most. You know how it is when you travel. I wish I could say it will be. (He goes to the shop display where the timepiece is counting. 371-20-01 The owner comes out.) Maybe you could help me. I'm from Kalto Province. I'm not used to your timepieces. Are you sure? What do these numbers stand for? A fair price. I might stop back later, if there's time. (Paris rejoins Janeway.) If I understood correctly, this world is going to be destroyed sometime tomorrow. First officers log, supplemental. There's been no sign of Captain Janeway or Lieutenant Paris since they were lost in a subspace fracture.  [Briefing Room] (Kim has got a diagram up on the wall screen.) Maybe there's some way that Even if the natural course of events is annihilation? My father used to talk at length to us about the Prime Directive, once a year, like a holiday sermon. To be honest, I tuned out most of his sermons years ago. The consequences would have to be better than mass destruction. We ate him, because we are demons and we eat children and I haven't had my supper yet. (The boy runs off.) Sorry. I just figured it was the quickest way. The same subspace fractures that brought us here might still be around. If they were caused by a polaric explosion? Is there any way we could use polaric energy to get us back? I wonder where these conduits get their power? [Outside the Power Plant] (Guards are holding back angry demonstrators with physical violence.) Under normal circumstances I'd say we should come back tomorrow. (The young boy has followed them and is watching from the bushes. The guards fire rounds into the air to disperse the crowd. Friends help the injured limp away. One over-enthusiastic guard hits Janeway in the face, knocking her down, so Paris hits him. A demonstrator helps Janeway up, and he leaves with her and Paris.) [Engineering] (Kim switches on a projector that emits a green beam which creates a mini-wormhole a couple of metres ahead.) I was just thinking the very same thing. Infiltrate? You were there when she got this. We don't even know why someone would want to infiltrate you. We were just getting there when we stumbled into you. Thanks, kid. Hey, kid, you were right about one thing. I was lying. I don't eat children What is he, some kind of journalist? Is that right? What's your name? Latika. I'm sorry. I just am. We weren't allowed to tell. At least, I thought we weren't.  I don't get it, Captain, this morning you were giving orders about not interfering because of the Prime Directive, and now you're telling them everything. How did we do that? What? Four oh one twenty two eighty four. Wait a minute. You're saying we're responsible for an explosion even though it occurred before our ship arrived here. Let's say we never came, and their plans didn't change. Wouldn't the accident simply have occurred next week instead of today? Don't waste time with me, Captain. Got to stop them. Sure he will, the kid and I, we're old friends now, aren't we? We'll be here. (Janeway follows Makull, Terla and their helper down the circular corridors to where they are working on a control panel.) [Ruined corridor] (The away team beam into the same corridor after the explosion.)  Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry, Harry. You really think she's going to wait for you? Let her go. Let her have a husband and kids and a good life, while you and I have the Delany sisters. You need to run a self-diagnostic. Look, they come as a pair. It's a double date or no date. Come on. I told them all about you. Well, for one thing, how you broke the single pilot speed record at the Academy. And who are they going to check it with? Come on. Come on. Just go.
No Federation Sickbay should be without one.  After nine hours staring at that debris, I was beginning to feel like a drone. Do Borg shower? Neelix, we need a couple of beers. Ktarian. Replicate a pint for yourself, because we're going to toast the man of the hour. It was Harry's idea to beam over a photon torpedo while they were remodulating their shields. Ah, but they did. Hook, line and sinker. Oh, I would have loved to have seen the look on their faces. Boom! They were drones, Harry. Mindless automatons. We did them a favour. Look, I didn't mean anything by that. Cheers. [Astrometrics lab] Fort Knox. The largest repository of gold bullion in Earth's history. Over fifty metric tons worth over nine trillion U.S. dollars. Well, er, when the new world economy took shape in the late twenty second century and money went the way of the dinosaur, Fort Knox was turned into a museum. Well, a couple of Ferengi tried about ten years ago, but other than that, it's considered impenetrable. Aye, Captain. I've got a lock. [Borg Sphere]  I've got them. Transporter room one. (Three Borg arrive on the bridge.) I can't get a lock. They've adapted to our transport frequencies. They tapped into our transporter beam. The Borg are still ignoring it.  They've got it. They're pulling it in toward a docking port along the central radius. Five hundred metres, two hundred. They're dropping shields.  Their shields are down. Four hundred thousand kilometres and closing. They're gone, Captain. [Borg Queen's chamber] (The Sphere comes out of transwarp and flies inside a giant spacestation. Seven is escorted to a large central chamber. A platform is lowered which contains the head, shoulders and spinal cord of a Borg female, but without cybernetic implants except for tubes and a unit growing out of the back of its head. The rest of the body is assembled to receive it. It flexes its shoulders and steps  All systems go. We're ready for the jump. We're at critical velocity. Transwarp in four, three, two. We've crossed the threshold. Captain, I've got a fix on the Sphere's location. It's in a region about two hundred light years from here. There's a Cube coming up fast off our port bow.  (And straight past.) Yes, ma'am. Its ion signature leads directly to that whatever it is.  The Cube has altered course. It's heading straight for us. It flew right past us.  The chamber is too heavily shielded. I can't get a lock on her. Ma'am, won't you be down there?  They've isolated our shields again. Three vessels are converging. I'm remodulating. [Borg Queen's chamber] They can't! They're firing blind! [Borg Sphere]  It's no use, they've locked on to our shield modulators. They're adapting the second we change frequencies. We've targeted the chamber, Captain. Captain, they've disengaged [Borg Queen's Chamber] PARIS [OC] the tractor. A dispersal field just activated around the chamber you're in. I can't get a lock. The field went up again, Captain. I can't beam you out. Three vessels, closing fast. Transwarp in four, three, two. A vessel entered the conduit with us, just before it closed. Direct hit on the port nacelle. We're venting plasma. It's not enough. I'll need thirty teradynes at least, or we'll lose transwarp. Two point four minutes, but we'll drop out of transwarp in less than one.  We're twenty seconds from normal space. Fifteen seconds. Threshold in eight, seven, six. Five. Three, two. [Bridge]
I'll be filling in while your programme's offline. (Chakotay leaves.)PARIS: Okay, so, you're running some kind of cell analysis? Well, lets take a look. Doc. She has her reasons. I was there and yes, I agree with her. [Janeway's quarters] Here. What happened? Which choline compound? Acetylcholine, twenty five microlitres. It's not helping. I'm reading massive synaptic failure. Paris to Engineering. Transfer all available power to Sickbay. To leave a residual charge in the victim's body? His neocortex is failing. Then talk me through it. We'll do them together. Then make a choice, before we lose them both! (The EMH choses Kim.) His vital signs are stabilising. It's working.
Sorry about that. Just a little spatial turbulence. Nothing to worry about. (Another jolt sends Torres onto the EMH's lap.) Ah, I remember it well. They used to shoehorn half a dozen cadets into one of these things for weeks at a time. You did not want to be around when they opened up that airlock. Engines are down. [Bridge] We've broken free. They just took out our warp drive. It's heading directly for the nebula.
