Unacceptable risk. The ship appears in none of our databases. Initial attempts to scan the interior failed. I think I can penetrate the hull, using a microtunnelling sensor. If I could tap into a data transfer conduit, I'd be able to reach their main computer core. That would tell me all we need to know about their tactical systems, in theory. I think I've been very careful avoiding it. I'll take every precaution, I promise. I've already transmitted my proposal to the Hierarchy. They should be responding momentarily. They've approved. I'd better get started. (The Overlooker stomps away.) Huh. Acceptable risk. [Briefing room] I've tried to access their internal sensors, but I couldn't get past the security encryption. So, I found something even better. A holographic crewman. I've tapped into his cognitive subroutines. We can now monitor everything he's experiencing. Allow me to introduce the Doctor. He's a computer programme, a sentient piece of holographic technology. And he is Voyager's medical officer. That's the name of the ship. I've only been observing the Doctor for a matter of hours, and I've already learned more about this vessel than I did in three days of sensor sweeps. The reason Voyager is not in our database is because they are not from this quadrant. They're lost. Alone. Uh huh. Precisely. Another few hours of observation and I will know all we need to know about them. Defences, weapons, crew complement, everything. Actually, it is very likely. The social structure on Voyager is, is much different than ours. This is my observation post. I have a single function. But the Doctor does much more than just practice medicine. He has access to the entire ship, and he seems to be an expert on everything. In fact, the Captain just gave him authorisation to command the bridge! It was a very exciting moment. The link drops out intermittently, but it should be re-established in a few minutes.  Voyager will not be an easy target. It is armed with something called a photonic cannon. I watched them destroy a Borg sphere with a single volley. I saw it with my own eyes. The ship was annihilated. There was nothing left for the sensors to pick up. Their captain was disabled in the attack. The hologram is now in command. He's an impressive individual. A physician, an engineer, a warrior. And very attractive to the females. We must at all cost try to avoid a direct confrontation with him. I recommend a type three stealth assault. (The Overlooker taps this onto a card and puts it into the computer.) I lost the signal again. I don't know what happened. The more I learn about Voyager, the more I wonder if it's worth the trouble. Launching an attack against such a heavily armed vessel carries a great risk, and for what? A little antimatter and some dilithium. No, not at all. I'm just sounding a note of caution. I understand. There has been no mistake. I've made a terrible mistake. The Doctor was appearing in a different location every few seconds. It didn't seem possible, so I investigated a little further and I haven't been monitoring his perceptions, I've been watching his dreams, or his, his imaginings. I'm not sure which. But none of this is real. What am I going to do? [Doctor's office] Doctor, may I please have a word with you?. You didn't. I'm transmitting a simulation of myself into your programme. But I am real. Voyager is about to be attacked. Yes, yes, precisely. I reactivated your cognitive algorithms. I put you back into this fiction. (Seven whispers into the EMH's ear.) It was the only way for me to communicate with you. I'm a long range observer on an assault class vessel. I scan passing ships for technology and raw materials. When I find an acceptable target, we raid it. More to the point, on you. For several days I've been using a long range tunnelling sensor to tap into your programme. You were supposed to be our eyes and ears on Voyager. Instead, I got this. My fault. I'm sorry. My ship is less than an hour away. I can help you avoid a confrontation but you must do exactly what I say. You don't understand. The Hierarchy does not tolerate mistakes or misinformation. If they learn of my error, I'll lose my livelihood. But I also care about what happens to you. I feel like I've got to know you over the past few days. But I do. I know how your mind works, what your hopes are. You created all these possibilities. My species, we're very different. Our thinking is confined but, I can't help but admire you. I don't want you to be harmed. They repaired it. Type four? That would cause a huge drain on our energy core. A waste of resources. Do you really think that's necessary? Doctor, something terrible has happened. They've ordered a type [Astrometrics lab] PHLOX  See? There he is. Be careful, he, he's dangerous. [Bridge] OVERLOOKER The Borg couldn't detect it either. That's why they were destroyed.
