I'm Ptera. Where's my brother? But he's supposed to be here. They're all supposed to be here. This is the Next Emanation? This is the afterlife? This can't be right. My brother's supposed to be here. Something's wrong. No. No! Get away from me. This isn't right. This can't be right! (The EMH hypos the hysterical woman.) [Cenotaph room]  That's, that's all I know. I'm sorry. I can't tell you anything more. Well, I'd, I'd like some answers. About what happens to my people when we die. And then what? We're supposed to evolve into a higher level of consciousness when we die. We're supposed to gain a greater understanding of the universe. All of our questions are supposed to be answered. My brother. I always thought I'd see him again. I had so many things to tell him about his children, the people he left behind. But he isn't here, is he? He's. So, what am I supposed to do now, spend the rest of my life on this, this starship? All right. Yes. Actually, I could use something to eat. What was that? (Whumph!) We were always told we would see beautiful sights in the Next Emanation. Colours, lights, and that we would see them with new eyes and a new understanding. But now. What happened to the others? My brother, my father and everyone before them? People die every day on my world. Do they all end up as lifeless corpses? Their comra? But you don't understand. We don't believe in any kind of spirit. When we die, we're supposed to reappear as physical beings with arms and legs. That's the whole point of sending our people through the spectral ruptures. We're supposed to travel on to the Next Emanation as ourselves and be reunited with our families. But none of that is true, is it? None of the people I love are here. I'm alone. I don't belong here. I can't live like this. Please, can't you send me home? So I can get home? I understand the risk, but I've already been dead once and I'm prepared to die again if necessary. So if there's a chance I can get home, I'm willing to take the risk. Yes. [Engineering]
