Who are you? Turn around, you're being deceived. He knows what you want. (The screen goes blank.) I told you to stay away. Why didn't you listen? He deceived them. Shields are the only things holding my ship together. I'd be destroyed. You won't fool me that easily. Oh, how convenient, an enormous starship comes to my rescue. You might try a more subtle approach. All right. All right, I'm taking my shields down. (Seven beams Qatai into the astrometrics lab. He pinches Naomi's arm.) You look real enough. But over the years, he's made me believe many things are real. A fortune at my fingertips, good friends risen from the dead. Anomaly? It's a beast! Cunning, deadly. You. Your ship. Antimatter, biomatter. He consumes it. Telepathy. Psychogenic manipulation. He senses your thoughts, your desires, and then he preys on them. Pitcher plant? Yes, you're right, but this one doesn't eat insects. He eats starships. Familiar? I’ve been hunting it for nearly forty years. Almost, but there are days when he can still trick me. Like yesterday. I thought I had found a way to kill him once and for all. I'd allow him to begin consuming my ship and then I'd fly directly to his most vulnerable system, his primary neural plexus. Boom! I'd destroy him from the inside out. But he knew. He showed me what I wanted to see. I was nowhere near his neural plexus. I was flying directly into his digestion chamber. And speaking of digestion. No, the girl's right. He's a monster, and the only way out is to destroy him. [Sickbay] Your ship is being devoured. I'd say that's an emergency. I want to see your weapons manifest. The beast has been manipulating your crew. The moment he realised you were beginning to suspect something, he made sure you were deactivated. As a matter of fact I am. He's been fooling you for days, creating false sensor readings, and he's been altering your crew's thought patterns. A little neurogenic telepathy to make them lower their guard. Of course. A cortical inhibitor? It won't. I already tried a similar procedure. She doesn't want to. (The EMH knocks Torres out again.)QATAI: They never want to. [Medical lab]  It's the silence I hate. The way he takes you without a fight. It was the same way with the Nokaro. A crew of nearly three thousand. Families mostly, mine included, looking for a New World to settle. But they came across our friend here and he showed them what they wanted to see. A glistening green paradise. By the time I responded to their distress call, all that was left of them was some fading engine emissions. That was thirty nine years ago. Thirty nine years, two weeks, four days. I’m just trying to explain who we're up against. The intelligent always survive. Oh he's intelligent, all right. Smart enough to fool your crew into taking you offline. There. This is it. Exactly what we need. [Medical lab]QATATI: These class nine torpedoes in your weapons manifest. If we can bring your vessel deeper into the creature's digestive tract and detonate one of these charges, we might be able to destroy it. Even if that lifeform is about to kill you? We kill him! It might at that. [Transporter room] You seem to know a little about everything. Medicine, exobiology, shield harmonics. I could use a crewmate like you. The beast would have a difficult time manipulating a hologram's desires. You're turning down the hunt of a lifetime? Shame. [Engineering]  Wait, wait. No, no, no, no, no. [Engineering] That last jolt [Qatai's ship] Must have destabilised my targeting sensor. [Engineering] Don't bother. I know my ship. It's just being stubborn. [Qatai's ship]  Ready. [Engineering] Why haven't you ejected a second burst? You've been deceived. We're both still inside it. Think about it. He's showing you exactly what you want to see. We're out. Well, I'll be on my way. Thanks for your help. No time. The beast is already altering course. I’ll handle repairs myself. Don't worry about me. Just get your ship home. And watch out for pitcher plants. [Bridge]
