The warship Voyager. One of the most powerful vessels of its time. Armed with photonic torpedoes and particle weapons, this ship of destruction could wipe out an entire civilisation within hours. On this particular day in history, we were lucky. The death toll could have been much worse. By the time Voyager targeted our major cities, Tedran had already begun an evacuation. Thousands of lives were saved. Unfortunately, it was only the beginning of Captain Janeway's onslaught. As you'll see, her actions would have a lasting effect on our world. Even today, seven hundred years later, we are still feeling the impact of the Voyager encounter. Before we continue the simulation, I'd like to answer any questions you might have. We believe they had a complement of over three hundred soldiers. Well, we aren't certain. Records of Voyager's travels through our quadrant are incomplete, but it's safe to assume that they interfered with many other cultures, yes. Voyager had many weapons at their disposal, including species they'd assimilated along the way. Borg, Talaxian, Kazon. They were captured and made to work as part of Voyager's fighting force. Let's resume the simulation, and you can see for yourself. It's a few hours after the initial bombardment. Janeway and her squadron are on the bridge mounting their assault. Now, what you are about to see is graphic and unsettling. [Pseudo Bridge] The ensuing conflict was brief but brutal. Two million Kyrians slaughtered within days. The warship Voyager continued on its way, leaving the Kyrian dynasty in ruins. The Vaskan leaders proceeded to occupy our lands, forcing my people into subservience. It took centuries for us to undo the damage that Captain Janeway had done, and the Kyrian struggle for equality is far from over. This simulation and this museum are a testament to that struggle. I hope you found your experience here worthwhile. If you'd like to learn more about Voyager and its role in the history of our planet, I suggest you explore the rest of this exhibit. Thank you for your time. (One of the exhibits is a photon torpedo case clearly labelled U.S.S. Please. Take a closer look. The evidence is all around you. I disagree. You'd better get used to the idea, because we've just uncovered an artefact that's going to confirm everything you've seen here. Three weeks ago our research team found a data storage device buried nine metres beneath the ruins at Kesef. I've confirmed that it came from Voyager. The device contains active data. Possibly crew logs, even Captain Janeway's personal almanac. In the next few days, we could be hearing Voyager's version of these events in their own words. We will change our views accordingly. I apologise. Please, enjoy the rest of your visit. [Museum - night] Activate recreation, the Voyager Encounter. Display Engine Room.(Quarren goes into the recreation with a box.) [Pseudo Engineering] I recognise you. You're Voyager's doctor. You're not an android. You won't have much luck with that. Nothing in here is real. It's a simulation. No. You're in the Museum of Kyrian Heritage. Please, let me try to explain. You are a hologram. I just discovered your programme inside this data storage device. Actually, we found it at the ruins at Kesef. I know this will be difficult for you to accept, but a great deal of time has passed since Voyager encountered the Kyrians. Seven hundred years, give or take a decade. We're not certain. Think about it. When your programme is inactive, a moment or a millennium are the same to you. No one knows. It's safe to say they're long dead. No, not a fossil. A witness. A living witness to history. There's so much we don't know about what happened. But you saw it, you lived through those times. You helped to shape them. Doctor, you could be the most important discovery of all time. Doctor. Doctor!(The EMH runs out of the simulation.) [Museum] I'm not sure. That will have to wait. There are other issues to be resolved. You're the Voyager doctor. A lot of people are going to have questions. On our world, artificial lifeforms are considered sentient and responsible for their actions. You might have to face charges. For your crimes. You designed the bio-weapons that killed eight million Kyrians. All of our evidence shows that you were a war criminal. We reconstructed it from a partial schematic found in the Cyrik ocean, which was badly damaged by corrosion. We were bound to get a few details wrong. Yes, I know. Trying to get home, to Mars. That's up to the Arbiters, but I imagine the penalty would be severe. Your programme could be de-compiled. Halt recreation. This is a reasonable extrapolation from historic record. But if you'd like to point out any inconsistencies. Are you denying these events took place? Are you saying you never got involved with the conflict between my people and the Vaskans? Elaborate. Ambassador Daleth. The Kyrians were the aggressors? No, no. That can't be right. Save your objections until you see the entire recreation. Let's continue. [Pseudo Chamber 19] Calm yourself. Tell me your version of events. Tedran. He was a martyr to our people. You're lying. You're trying to protect yourself. We were not the aggressors in the Great War, we were the victims. The proof can be found anywhere on this world. The Kyrian people are being oppressed to this day. I don't believe you, and neither will anyone else. Shutting down your programme. Lies. [Quarren's home] Begin dictation. I've re-examined the data module. From what I can tell, the Doctor was telling the truth, at least about one thing. He is a hologram. A backup programme. We always knew he was an artificial lifeform but, we thought he was an android. If we were mistaken about that, I wonder if we might also be wrong about Voyager itself. Another question. Why would a hologram designed for medical purposes be programmed to lie so readily? From the moment I activated him, this Doctor has insisted that he's innocent. At first I didn't believe him. End dictation. [Museum] You've given me a lot to think about. I judged you too quickly. I'm sorry. Time to think. It won't happen again. I didn't come here to argue. I don't know. To talk, I guess, about what really happened seven hundred years ago. I'm willing to keep an open mind. That's the most I can promise. Try to understand my point of view. All my life, I thought I knew the truth. There was never any doubt. I realise that now, and I want to know the truth. And I want the Arbiters to know it, too. I've been trying to decipher the instrument for years, but, with the Doctor's help The facts are turning out to be more complex than I expected. Please. This isn't about race. Yes, Arbiter. Change never comes easily for us. I've entered the specifications that you gave me. Torres. The chief transporter operator. What was she like, Torres? I suppose we've gotten her personality wrong too. Well, let's just say I'm trying to keep an open mind. You miss her, and the others. I've always wondered that too, from as far back as I can remember. Ever since I was a small child, the first time I heard the name Voyager, it conjured up my imagination. That didn't matter. I was too young to understand the implications. The fact you were so far from home, travelling across the stars. Ah, I found it all very heroic. I suppose Voyager is what made me fall in love with history. No, it isn't.(The sound of breaking glass, and loud voices.) [Museum] Stop! Listen to me! They're using photon grenades. We've got to take cover. This way. (The tricorder gets left behind on a step as they take shelter by a large buttress. In the cold light of day, the mob has gone, but there is It's getting worse. Protests, vandalism. Two people have been killed. Don't worry, they've cordoned off the museum. We're safe for now. You were only the catalyst. The pressure's been building for years. It was only a matter of time before something set it off. Have you found the tricorder? It's crucial that we do. The Kyrians are demanding you be punished for your crimes, but the Vaskans want to hear your version of events again. They want to continue the investigation. I don't know. The Vaskans are more powerful, but the Kyrians are very angry. They're talking about another war. I can't do that to you. No! A few days ago I might have agreed with you, but what about the facts? Doctor, you were there. You can't deny what happened. History has been abused. We keep blaming each other for what happened in the past. If you don't help us now, it could be another seven hundred years.
