No. They haven't compromised our security. Let the vessel continue, for now. I'll keep an eye on them. [Briefing room] (Course projection grid 641.) Seven of Nine, tertiary adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One. It's been too long. Do I need a reason to visit a friend? No. We're more than that, we're family. And while we're on the subject of old friends, I see that Voyager has just gotten a visitor, and she's come from the future. Tell me why. I've extrapolated Voyager's trajectory. I know that you're returning to the nebula. I suggest you alter course. You've always been my favourite, Seven. In spite of their obvious imperfections. I know how much you care for the Voyager crew. So I've left them alone. Imagine how you'd feel if I were forced to assimilate them. I've no objection to that. But if you try to enter my nebula again, I'll destroy you. (Seven collapses.) I don't need drones to assimilate you. (The Queen aims her tubules into Admiral Janeway's neck, then retracts them.) What do you want? That's beyond your abilities. She'll fail. Transphasic torpedoes. We will adapt. In exchange for what? You're asking me to believe that the incorruptible Kathryn Janeway would betray her own crew. But you'd never try to harm us. You wish to ensure the well-being of your Collective. I can appreciate that. I'll help you. But it'll cost more than you're offering. Your vessel and its database. Insufficient. You're willing to alter the future by getting Voyager home now. Do what all good pragmatists do, Admiral. Compromise. You've already lied to your younger self. How do I know you're not lying to me? That won't be necessary. You underestimate me, Admiral. While we've been talking, my drones have triangulated your signal. [Admiral Janeway's shuttle] Very clever. Hiding right on my doorstep. Were you planning to attack us from inside the Unicomplex? Not feeling talkative? (The Queen injects her with assimilation nanobots.) You and I don't need words to understand each other. [Bridge] (Voyager heads for the transwarp hub.) What have you done? You've infected us with an neurolytic pathogen.  Voyager will be destroyed. Sphere six three four. They can still hear my thoughts. (The Sphere changes course inside the transwarp hub.) I may have assimilated your pathogen, but I also assimilated your armour technology. (Her left leg falls off. The Queen tries to stand, and fails.) Captain Janeway is about to die. If she has no future, you will never exist, and nothing that you've done here today will happen. (The Borg Queen dies, and the Central Complex explodes.) [Starfleet Command] ADMIRAL
You must remember something. The frequency. Deactivate him. Wait. Dismantle him. Bring me his cortical array.(The drone is taken away.) [Forest] (Seven is strolling along a woodland path. Birds are singing, and she is enjoying the sun on her face. Other  We've found another. Spatial grid three two six, Cube one one eight four. Continue. (One of her drones steps into an alcove and appears in the forest. It grabs a woman and injects her.) Welcome back. Spatial grid nine eight two, Cube four six one. (This drone grabs the new alien child. Korok attacks it with his bat'leth. The drone disappears. Other drones appear and are dispatched until one gets the better of Korok. Janeway picks up Captain. Perfect, for the most part. Voyager? I understand you've established contact with Starfleet. Perhaps you'll be getting home sooner than you expected. We could help you. Transwarp technology. You'd find that we can be quite accommodating, but we'd expect the same in return. You know exactly what I mean. Tend to your own crew. Stay away from things that don't concern you. I won't be as accommodating next time. Reconsider. We'll see you soon, Harry. (Transmission ends.)  Tactical cube one three eight is under attack. (She calls up a visual on her screen.) [Bridge]  I heard him. The Vulcan. But he's gone. Why? Why can't I hear the others? [Forest] (A drone spots a male and follows him. It triggers a tripwire than sends a log smashing into its chest. It vanishes. There is another noise and two males run towards it. Seven has been caught in a net trap.) Tuvok. Where are you, Tuvok? [Ready room] Tuvok. TUVOK My daughter's name is Asil. She was born in the city of [Borg Queen's chamber] QUEEN  She's irrelevant. [Borg Cube - Central Plexus]  Where are you, Tuvok? The central plexus. (More drones arrive there.) [Bridge]  Thank you, Tuvok. I'm losing voices. Five in spatial grid ninety six, You've caused a great deal of suffering. I wanted you to see for yourself. You are the cause of his death, Captain. You disconnected him He was confused, irrational. I had no choice. Many more will die I'll assimilate Voyager, then. Your Doctor created the Yes, a lot of damage. Spatial grid nine four, cube six three zero. Complement sixty four thousand drones. But I can no longer hear three of them. No doubt they've joined your resistance. Are they trying to sabotage the vessel and liberate others? I don't know, because Tell them to rejoin the Collective, and I'll stop the They're individuals now. They have a choice. What are you afraid of, Captain? That they may cooperate? You've been waiting for a chance to damage the Borg. Now you've found one. You're only using Comply or you will be responsible for many more deaths. HOLO-JANEWAY: You'll have to destroy the entire Collective to find them all. [Bridge] Don't be frightened. Stand up, let me look at you. Comply That's the last thing I want to do. I'm here to help you. All of you. Assimilate you. Yes. But that's nothing to be afraid of. You like having friends, don't you? Assimilation turns us all into friends. In fact, it brings us so close together we can hear each other's thoughts. Yes. It's fun. I was just about your age when I was assimilated. I was worried then, too. But when I began to hear the others, hear their thoughts, I wasn't afraid anymore. They're here, with me. Part of us. I can hear them right now. Would you like to be with your parents? They miss you. They want to see you. Soon. But first I'd like to see more of this. Show me. (He takes her hand and leads her to the view over the inlet and settlement.) I took your advice, Captain. I paid a visit to Unimatrix Zero. It's far more primitive than I expected. I don't understand how anyone could I've seen enough. It's an illusion. HOLO-JANEWAY: Even so, the people who go there are real, and they won't give it up without a fight. They'll fail. I thought you'd like to see our latest I think you do. It's your nanovirus, with a few modifications. We've reprogrammed it to target your mutated drones. Once it's released, No. But there's another way I can reach them. I'm prepared to go back to Unimatrix Zero and release it myself. But I'm willing to reconsider. It all depends on you. If they rejoin the Collective, I'll spare their lives. They listen to you. Tell them it's time to come home. You were responsible for many deaths. Now you can save thousands. Decide. [Bridge]  Your crewmates are coming to retrieve you. You were wise to comply. [Bridge]  Get me the virus. HOLO-JANEWAY: You're too late. There's no one left to infect. This is your compromise? HOLO-JANEWAY: I don't compromise with Borg. [Korok's Sphere] (It approaches Janeway's Cube)
They can't hear you. I am the Borg. Seven of Nine, tertiary adjunct of Unimatrix zero one, you've become weak. It's not a dream. We've accessed your neural transceiver. Our thoughts are one. We know about Voyager's plan to invade the Sphere. It will fail. We've come to make you an offer. Rejoin the Collective and we'll spare Voyager. Because you are unique. MAGNUS Seven of Nine. I see they've also given you a sense of humour. Spoken like a true individual. The last two years must have been a remarkable experience. You are unique. Yes. That is why we put you there in the first place. You believe that Voyager liberated you from the Collective. Did you really think we would surrender you so easily? You must be tired. It's time to regenerate. We've adapted an alcove just for you. Go. It will help order your thoughts. When your  Good morning. We've enhanced it with Borg technology. You've seen through human eyes long enough. It's a neural processing adjunct designed to increase your synaptic efficiency. You prefer to remain small? Don't be afraid. We won't turn you into a drone. You're much too valuable to us with your individuality intact. But you've left humanity behind. Try to abandon their petty emotions as well. Fear, anger, vanity. They've corrupted you, but the damage can be repaired. Isn't it obvious? You're going to help us assimilate humanity. We failed in our first attempt to assimilate Earth, and we won't succeed the next time unless we understand the nature of their resistance. We want you to be our eyes. Let us see humanity. Our thoughts are one. You are the only Borg that has ever returned to a state of individuality. We want to keep you exactly the way you are. Otherwise you would lose your human perspective. We don't want another drone. We want you. I know. (Rumble) Our vessel is disengaging from the Unicomplex. We're setting a course for grid five three two. Assimilation. Our presence is not required, but I thought the experience would be a rewarding one for you. Species one zero zero two six. Three hundred ninety two thousand. You're experiencing compassion. A human impulse. You've forgotten what it means to be Borg. Those lives will be added to our own. MAGNUS  We've arrived. Are you ready? Tactical weakness. Tactical strength. How do you propose we adapt? Thirty nine of their vessels are converging on our position. They're firing weapons. Our shields are failing. We will be destroyed. How do you propose we adapt? I was thinking the same thing. Adaptation complete. They're no longer a threat. Go to the Primary Assimilation Chamber. You'll monitor the bio-extraction process. You look reluctant. Maybe I've been pushing you too quickly. You can assist with the repairs to our shield matrix instead. Seven of Nine. Be efficient. [Assimilation chamber] (Seven helps with the shield matrix, but she can hear the newcomers shouting. An alien is escorted past her, then something explodes. She goes to repair it and is knocked down by another explosion. Two Borg lift her up and scan her, then let her go. An alien breaks free of his escort and tries to run. She grabs him, and a Borg assimilates him in front of her eyes. She is shocked and moves away. Passing an assimilation chamber, she looks in and sees an alien with most of an arm amputated ready for augmentation. A female turns and looks at her. She is one of three waiting for similar procedures. Another control node explodes and the Borg standing guard goes to fix  Congratulations. Assimilation is complete. They should be. They've left behind their trivial, selfish lives and they've been reborn with a greater purpose. We've delivered them from chaos into order. You cling to sarcasm because you are afraid to see the truth. Species one zero zero two six is already adding to our perfection. You can feel their distinctiveness coursing through us, enhancing us. Stop resisting. Take pleasure in this. Human sentiment. Compassion, guilt, empathy. They're irrelevant. Me? There is no me. There is only us. One mind. We've overlooked something. A ship. Four lifeforms. They're trying to escape. How do you suggest we proceed? Destroy the vessel, or assimilate it? In this case, our thoughts are not one. If those individuals are allowed to survive, species one zero zero two six will survive and continue to resist us. But that's what you were hoping for, wasn't it? You tried to mask their lifesigns, but I detected them. (A tractor beam from a Cube grabs the little ship.) I'm sorry this lesson has to be so painful for you, but you are a difficult pupil. Abandon your human frailties. They are the cause of your pain.  I have a task for you. We're planning to deploy a new mode of assimilation designed for highly resistant species. I want you to programme the nanoprobes. Your knowledge for the target species is invaluable. Species five six one eight. Human. Warp capable. Origin, grid three two five. Physiology inefficient, below average cranial capacity, minimal redundant systems, limited regenerative abilities. Our previous attempts to assimilate them were all direct assaults. They failed, so we've created a more surreptitious strategy. It would infect all lifeforms with nanoprobe viruses. Assimilation would be gradual. By the time they realised what was happening, half their population would be drones. We've waited this long. Interface with the central alcove. Begin programming the nanoprobes. Be sure to enhance the viral sequencers. You've been involved in hundreds of assimilations. This is no different. We all originated from lesser species. I myself came from species one two five. But that's irrelevant now. We are Borg. You're only repeating their words. You sound like a mindless automaton. Comply, or we will turn you into a drone. You're torn between your desire to be one with us and your loyalty to them. It's time for you to complete your task. All of your emotions, grief, guilt, remorse, compassion, will be irrelevant once humanity is assimilated. Forget Voyager. They were never your Collective. (Drones surround them closely.) I remember Annika. Does she remember us? She wasn't afraid. Why are you? We did no such thing. We gave them perfection. (A drone steps forward. It is Magnus, her father.) Your family's here. You're here. Be one with us again. What did you say? Janeway. [Delta Flyer]  She's close. Her comm. signal originated within this spatial grid, but we can't detect her vessel. He knows why. Your father designed the technology Captain Janeway's using. Multi-adaptive shielding. Your perfect defence against the Borg. But we assimilated that knowledge, didn't we? We will adapt easily. [Delta Flyer]  We have their ship. A Federation shuttlecraft. Three lifeforms, one hologram.  It's not too late to save them. As you wish. [Delta Flyer] It's time for a more aggressive approach. [Delta Flyer] We believed you would be an asset to us. We were wrong. You are weak. Your weapons are useless. You would be destroyed as well, along with your crewman. Don't listen to her. She's poisoned your thoughts long enough. One order, one voice. Insignificant.  (Seven sends tubules into a control node. The field drops.) You will assist the Collective as drones. Assimilate them.
