Hello. My name is Q. Oh, please don't bother, Captain. Let me take you to lunch instead. (Quinn gestures and vanishes.) [Mess hall] (Quinn and Janeway appear. Quinn starts shaking Janeway's hand.) What a pleasure it is to meet you. Oh, am I doing this right? It's been so long time since I've had the opportunity to greet anyone. Oh, here, take a seat. Allow me to make the setting more appropriate. (Silver candlestick, finest linen, etc.) The Federation Starship Voyager. Yes, yes, I know all that. Look, Welsh rarebit like your grandfather used to make. Please, eat. It's the least I can do to express my appreciation. For letting me out of my captivity. In a manner of speaking. And you, all of you. You're mortals, aren't you? And you only live for nine years. Oh, how I envy you. Because the one thing I want more than any other, is to die. My appearances? Oh, you've mistaken me for. Oh, well, no matter, I really must get on with my business before the others realise I'm here. When someone asks you about me, and they will, would you tell them I said. You know, I've had three hundred years to think of appropriate last words. I wanted something memorable, you know? Quotable. Would you tell them I said, I die not for myself but for you. I know. I know. Enigmatic. Provocative. They'll understand. Well, goodbye to you all. Many thanks. Here's the end of me. (He does the Q gesture, and all the men vanish.) Oh, dear. That's not right. Oh. Oh, of course. Of course. I'm a little out of practice. Well, that's that. I'm afraid they're gone. Just gone. Oh, I apologise for the inconvenience. [Bridge] (Quinn transports himself and Janeway to the Bridge.) Well, good luck to you all. I really have to be going now. I, I'm not sure how. Humans. Humans. Who would have more recent experience with humans? I didn't bring them here. Nothing to do with me. There was a slight accident. I'm not leaving. Captain Janeway, I demand asylum. No it isn't. I am officially asking you, Captain, to grant me asylum and give me protection from my enemies, which is him. Nothing. He's still there in the twenty fourth century. I just took the rest of us to an old hiding place of mine. Well, that's partially accurate. Actually, there's no universe outside. Perfectly normal. Very old hiding place. He'll never find us here. And you can't take me by force. I'll stalemate you for eternity, if I have to. It's doesn't matter. I'm not going into that cell. Just try it. I have a condition of my own. If you rule in my favour, then the Continuum must grant me mortality. Exactly. Am I interrupting anything? What? Oh, you mean, just popping in whenever we feel like it. I apologise. At some point along the way, I guess we just stopped thinking about the little niceties. But you mustn't think of us as omnipotent, no matter what the Continuum would like you to believe. You and your ship seem incredibly powerful to lifeforms without your technical expertise. It's no different with us. We may appear omnipotent to you, but believe me, we're not. Always looking for the tactical advantage, Mister Tuvok. Very good. As a matter of fact, that's why I've come to see you. In a way, our vulnerability is what this is all about. As the Q have evolved, we've sacrificed many things along the way. Not just manners, but mortality, and a sense of purpose, and a desire for change, and a capacity to grow. Every loss is a new vulnerability, wouldn't you say? Because I want you to represent me in the hearing. But I need someone who understands Federation asylum practices. Besides, Vulcans approve of suicide. I have the right to counsel, Mister Tuvok. Will you assist me? [Hearing room] I understand, Captain. As difficult as it is for you to imagine, for me, immortality is impossible to endure any longer. In the Continuum, an individual has an obligation to be responsible to the path his life will follow. I never yielded that obligation to the Continuum. If the path I choose leads to death, what right have they to interfere? And if I don't agree with the majority, I'm to be locked up for eternity. Precisely! It would force the Q to deal with the unknown for the first time since the New Era began. They're afraid of me because they're afraid of the unknown. You'll see her again, don't worry. Woodstock. I will never change my mind.  We're going to lose, aren't we? You're doing a fine job, Mister Tuvok. It's nice to know someone believes in me. You, you surprise me, Mister Tuvok, which is a rare and special gift to a Q. Thank you. But may I say, if you only knew what life as a Q were like, you would see the logic. Yes. (Quinn whispers in Q's ear.) Fine, fine. This is a manifestation of the Continuum that we hope falls within your level of comprehension. This way. [Roadside building] (A man and woman in 20s clothes are playing croquet on an immaculate lawn, with planets for balls. A scarecrow in Starfleet uniform stands nearby. The sign over the door says Never Closes and the clock has no hands. A man puffing on a pipe is reading a book called The Old while a young woman reads a magazine called The New. Someone plays the Continuum Galaxy pinball machine. The group walk past a panting bloodhound.) I apologise for their lack of hospitality, Captain. We're not used to visitors here. In fact you are the only ones who've ever come. The road takes us to the rest of the universe, then it leads back here. An endless circle. I traveled the road many times, sat on the porch, played the games, been the dog, everything. I was even the scarecrow for a while. Because I hadn't done it. They don't dare feel sad. If only they could, that would be progress. When I was a respected philosopher, I celebrated the continuity, the undeviation of Q life. I argued that our civilisation had achieved a purity that no other culture had ever approached. And it was wonderful, for a while. At the beginning of the New Era, life as a Q was a continuous dialogue of discovery and issues and humour from all over the universe. But look at them now. Listen to their dialogue now. Because it has all been said. Everyone has heard everything, seen everything. They haven't had to speak to each other in ten millennia. There's nothing left to say. It's ironic, isn't it, Q. Of course you do. That you of all people should be arguing their case. You, who were banned from the Continuum and made mortal to pay for your crimes? What a shame. Because in many ways, that life inspired me. Oh, yes. You never knew that, did you? You see, Captain, Q rebelled against this existence by refusing to behave himself. He was out of control. He used his powers irresponsibly and all for his own amusement. And he desperately needed amusement, because he could find none here at home. No, no, we paid the price by forcing you to stop. But for a moment there, you really had our attention. My attention. You gave us something to talk about. But then you surrendered to the will of the Continuum like a good little Q, and may I say that you've become a fine, upstanding member of the Continuum. But I miss the irrepressible Q, the one who forced me to think. May I borrow this? (Quinn takes the The New magazine from the woman and shows and article to Janeway.) This was the beginning of my fall from grace. This was the last edition, by the way. They shut down the presses after I wrote that. But they couldn't keep me silent. I continued to speak out in favour of self-termination. Not for my safety. For theirs. I was the greatest threat the Continuum had ever known. They feared me so much they had to lock me away for eternity. And when they did that, they were saying that the individual's rights will be protected only so long as they don't conflict with the state. Nothing is so dangerous to a society. My life's work is complete, but they force immortality on me, and when the do that they cheapen and denigrate my life and all life in the Continuum. All life. Captain, you're an explorer. What if you had nothing left to explore? Would you want to live forever under those circumstances? You want me to prove to you that I suffer in terms that you can equate with pain or disease. Look at us. When life has become futile, meaningless, unendurable, it must be allowed to end. Can't you see, Captain? For us, the disease is immortality. [Hearing room] She ruled in my favour. You made a promise. (Q snaps his fingers. Quinn does his vanish gesture.) Nothing happened. Nothing! My powers are gone! I'm mortal. I'm sorry to disappoint you, Captain. But I would only have be pretending to fit in to this mortal existence. This is my final gift to my people. Oh! Tell them those were my last words. I dearly thank you for making this poss (Quinn dies.)
