Provisions? It's not so savoury. They call me Rafin. In the trunks, did you glimpse any? Krady beasts. No. It's my first walk in the clash zone. I couldn't say. NAMON: Me, I'll nullify one for each brother and cousin that I've lost. And then one more after. True or not, my allies? As many as I'm able. The nemesis wasn't scared to fume my village, nor scared to nullify my cousins and brothers in their sleep. And my old mother's mother, too, who never told an unkind word nor nullified an insect in all her days and nights on this sphere. And who but a Krady beast would leave the nullified bodies of mine and ours upturned, so they'll never descend to the gloried Wayafter? Sir, I, I Nullified. (Later, the funeral is underway. Namon has been stripped and is covered by a single blanket.)BRONE: We beg peace from the Power who made us Vori, and we commend our brother, Namon, to the gloried Wayafter.  (Namon is rolled onto his front and covered in rocks.) Yes, sir. Don't mock me. It is one matter to fire at clay marks, but much another to nullify the nemesis. That's what Namon told, and he told the truth before he went to the gloried Wayafter. Risking my own days and nights to drive the nemesis from our sphere. That should be as easy as a long sleep. My brothers and uncles who were in the clash. Brone my driller. And Namon, my ally, who was nullified because of me. If I didn't have the coward's trembles, I would have walked with you in the trunks. And it would be me and not he who went to the Wayafter. How do you fathom that? These Cardassians, were they beasts? But you wrestled your trembles to rages, didn't you? I was told to drill you, Chakotay. But it's you who've drilled me. Drilled me to fathom the rages.(Rafin hits more clay targets then gives the rifle to Chakotay.) [Forest - night] He'll never turn his face to the Wayafter. Why don't they answer? Sir. Let me go. Sir. The Seventh Contingent, sir. Nullified. At least twenty defenders. And that's not the whole telling of it. They're all, they're all Like him, sir. Upturned. Staked to the dirt up and upturned. Motherless beasts! I'll nullify you all! (Of course, he gets shot.) Please. Turn my face to the Wayafter.(Rafin dies, and Chakotay rolls him over. Gunfire sends him into the trees again.) [Larhana settlement - day]
