No way. (She triangulates the emission source. It is in orbit.) Way. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] (The long-haired student is now a short-haired suit. He puts a computer chip on the glass table.) Excuse me. Do not enter, employees only. The sign on the door. (Rain is carrying a pizza box.) Go right down the hall, take a left at Mars, right at Halley's Comet and then just keep going straight ahead past the soda machine. Groovy. We watch the skies. Signs of extraterrestrial life. Nice meeting you. Rain Robinson. Excuse me? That's exactly what it is. You're probably right You know a lot for someone who can't find his way past Saturn. Where? Never heard of it. Let me guess. You minored in B movies. Hey, I do the planetarium show Tuesday nights, so er, you guys should come by, check it out, bring your friends. The best stars in Hollywood are right above us. No problem. (Rain returns to her computer and sees it crash.) Whoa! (Up comes a skull and crossbones - Fatal System Error. Error #0047) [Outside Griffith Observatory] Hey! Hey you, guys! Hey! Hey! Just wait a minute! What the hell did you do to my computer? It is screwed up! The hard drive is wiped! Who are you people, and what is that thing in your pants? That little gadget you put in your pocket, what is it, a Demagnetizer? (Paris sees Dunbar point a phaser at them.) What the hell? Yeah, over there. You're going to take a right at the next light and a left at the taco stand, because you're taking me home! And you're not keeping the van! I'm going to pop this hatch and I'm going to start screaming until you tell me what's going on. Who are you? What is that thing in orbit? Why did that guy try to kill us? I'm opening the hatch. I'm standing up. I'm taking a deep breath! The UFO, what is it? Soviet? The USSR broke up five years ago. The KGB doesn't even exist anymore. What about you, Agent Tuvok? What's up with those ears? Thought I didn't notice? I did. What about your weapons? What are they, lasers? Whatever. Let me guess. Someone broke into the van last night while I was sleeping, tried to snatch the stereo, you bravely fought them off and now you're repairing the damage. My hero. What's it like? Life as a spy, I mean. Oh, right. I forgot. But you said secret agent and nobody says secret agent. And you do that a lot. You get things not quite right, like you don't belong here. And you're insulting my intelligence. Yesterday afternoon I picked up a UFO in orbit. Today my life is completely out of control, so don't think I'm too stupid to notice. Accepted. I'll try. My brother had a telescope, a little refractor. You could barely see in the tree house next door actually, but it was enough. It was enough to see the rings of Saturn. I remember. I remember I used to think that they looked like jewels from a pirate's treasure. All I ever wanted since then was to reach up and touch them. Agent Tuvok, what's up? Chili burritos, foot long hot dogs and Goliath Gulps. This is not a breakfast, this is an afternoon at Dodger Stadium. Everything you guys do is just a little bit off. (Smoke rises from the stereo.) The same set up as I used to send that message to your whatever it is up in orbit. No kidding. Not on an empty stomach. [Briefing room] Metro Plaza, by the fountain. Please come get me. Please. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] I don't know. His voice sounded a little suspicious. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] Mister Starling, I'm so glad you're here. What are you talking about? Oh, my van is this way. I left my stuff in the van. No. That, that's the guy that tried to kill me. Where are we going? Office. Right. (They get in the car, the EMH in the front passenger seat this time.) Oh my God! (The EMH struggles with Dunbar.) I guess so. I've gone out with guys who've disappeared into thin air on the first date. But I have never actually seen it happen. And you, Mister Leisure Suit. That guy punched you a bunch of times. You should have a black eye or a swollen lip, a broken nose. Oh, is that what I am? I'm hallucinating. Oh. You can't keep a girl from hypothesising. I'm a scientist. I'm thinking, I'm thinking alternate dimension. I'm thinking close encounter. Talk about a motley crew. We have the Doctor, a guy with the worst, worst taste in clothing I have ever seen. Tuvok, what a freakosaurus. Has the guy ever tried to smile? And you, Tom Paris. Sexy, in a Howdy Doody sort of way. Pretty goofy, although sometimes I think you're the smartest man I've ever met. All this running around you do, your mission. You're so dedicated, you know? Like you care about something more than just your own little life. Yeah. Whoa, I missed the turn. [Chronowerx - Timeship] Guess it is. Listen, are you busy tomorrow night? Because, er, you know, we should hang together. Oh, well, what about this weekend? You're married. Yeah, you've got to get back to Mars, right? That's perfect! I told you I always loved Saturn! So, give me your phone number. Timeship? What are you talking about? Hi, this is Rain Robinson. You don't know me, but the point is there is zero traffic on this road. [Bridge] RAIN What? Forget it. Just shoot! (Paris shoots out one of the truck's tyres. It swerves and brakes, kicking up a cloud of dust, and so does Rain. The camper engine stops and she cannot restart it.) Well, do you think we got him? Come on. Your spaceship's waiting. Same here. Say hi to Saturn for me.
