You're transporting a suspected photonic insurgent through Lokirrim space. Drop your shields and prepare to be boarded.  Where's the photonic? (Seven is more animated, and her voice uses more inflections.) Confiscate it. What's this? (Seven has the mobile emitter in her hand.) Have this analysed. Take them to detention, and secure their ship in the docking bay. Transporting photonics and manufacturing biogenic weapons are serious charges. Pulse-phased weapons, duranium-enforced hull. Much more sophisticated than the typical smuggler's vessel. If you are innocent, then you won't mind telling me more about this vessel. For instance, this device. What does it do? Can it be used to create bioweapons? How do I know you're not trying to poison me? Is this the first time you've tried that? What other foods can that device create?EMH-SEVEN: Hmm. (One banquet later, EMH-Seven is lying on the biobed. They are both drinking alcohol.)EMH-SEVEN: Oh, during my time with the Collective we assimilated thousands of cultures from one end of the galaxy to the other. I'll say this for the Borg, we certainly do travel. Ah, of course, my life didn't truly begin until I came aboard Voyager, and met the person who changed my life The only one who truly believed in me, saw my true potential. Your Captain. I hope you understand, I had no choice. Maybe there's something I could do for you. I'll speak to my superiors, ask for leniency. What do you mean? All right. If I give this back to you, will you do something for me? [Lokirrim ship - Detention cell] Seven of Nine. Please report to the bridge. [Lokirrim ship - Bridge] I wanted to thank you. I had a wonderful time the other night. (The guard leaves them alone.) It's been a long time for me, too. I remembered your interest in stellar phenomenon, so I requested a course change to show you something.(S/he watches carefully as Ranek uses a console. A lovely nebula comes up on the viewscreen.) To an astronomer, it's simply a pulsar cluster. But our poets call it the Window of Dreams. You can travel from one end of the Quadrant to the other and never see anything like it. Is something wrong? No, I'm not going to the medical bay. I don't need an exam to know what I'm suffering from. (He kisses I didn't mean to offend you. It's just I've never met a woman like you before. I was the one who acted inappropriately. I won't make that mistake again. What did you have in mind? I thought Maybe there's some hope for us yet. Oh, this is interesting. What is it? I'll be right there. I'll be back as soon as I can. Take her to detention. And separate her from the other prisoner. What was your plan? To aid the insurgents? We were going to recommend leniency. I want her where I can see her. [Bridge] Your people were caught transporting a photonic insurgent and biogenic material. Compensate. If you fire on us, you'll trigger a core breach. You'll be killing the people you're here to rescue.  Full reverse. Target their emitters. [Bridge] Step away. Watch them. I suppose I should be grateful. What happened was between me and Seven of Nine, not you. Thank you. (Ranek leaves.)
