We should teach them the price of displaying their markings in our space. Let Kar do it this time. He thinks he is. He's been demanding a chance for weeks to earn his name. Can you honestly say you knew you were ready for your first mission, Haliz? Tell him. Tell him today is the day he will finally be called Ogla. [Shuttlecraft] (Chakotay is shaken from his meditation by a heavy hit.)  Hello, Kar. I never thought I would see you like this. Don't make excuses, Kar. An Ogla has no room for excuses. I forgive you. Know that in your heart. You will eat at my right hand tonight. Why did you save him? It's a very ineffective way of waging war. I wish I could say the same. Unfortunately, our territorial claims change every day. Maps do not serve us well. You did him a great disservice, you know. Your uniform may yet decorate our wall. You may not think you're at war with us, Federation Commander Chakotay, but everything you are is a threat to us. The Kazon fought long and hard for their independence from uniforms like yours. Your uniforms, your laws, your technology. You are not welcome here. Get him something to eat. The execution is tonight. [Engineering] That's enough! You've been brought here to learn what it means to be a Kazon male. You all know Kar. You've learned to fight together, haven't you? Kar was sent to kill this man to earn his Ogla name. But Kar failed, and will not earn his name even in death. Who would be willing to kill the human? (All the boys reach for the proffered weapon.) So much for first impressions, Federation. I'm proud of you. Each will get your chance someday. But that's not what we're here for today. We are here to learn the price of failure in battle. Razik holds the weapon out to Chakotay.) Take it. So that you can kill Kar, as you should have done in battle. It will teach these little boys an important lesson. And after you do that, you'll be free to go. You may think I want your friend Kar to die but you'd be wrong. I've seen too many Ogla die at the hands of our enemies. That is why you must learn there are no second chances in battle. That is why Kar must die. Let the coward run. Prepare his shuttle. You won't find your name running after the Federation, Kar. Jal Razik, First Maje of the Kazon-Ogla. I will speak to your captain. You are trespassing in Ogla space. Why do you orbit our moon? That is a lie. You are here looking for your Commander Chakotay. Quite simply. We killed him. He kidnapped a young man. During his escape, it became necessary to destroy his ship. No doubt you found the remains, so I suggest you depart immediately. Don't tempt me, Talaxian. I would just as soon open fire. If you've detected the extensive weaponry deployed on the moon, know this. With one remote command, I can cause that weaponry to self-destruct, destroying the surface of the moon and everyone on it. Please, put your weapons away. We've come to help you. We made contact with your ship and learned of the plight of your missing crewman. We've come to offer our assistance in finding him. You're walking on very dangerous ground. There are concealed weapons everywhere. Come. We will lead you through them. Your technology continues to amaze us. It would have taken us weeks to track them. After this is over, we have to discuss an alliance. The Ocampa female is correct. This is a particularly dangerous place. We lose many trainees here. Perhaps you would prefer if we proceeded alone. They can't be far now. I must apologise for my comrade. I believe he's trying to mislead you. (Janeway, Tuvok, Kes and the security guard walk into a forcefield bubble. They're trapped.) So, your technology is not always an ally. Sometimes it betrays you. Pity. I'm afraid you would not score well in our training exercises. So, the Federation Commander is your prisoner. So you could earn your name.
