Er, no, but he did design me. I'm a walking, talking, problem-solving interactive hologram. You can call me Reg. The pleasure's mine, Captain. Harry, Seven. I've been looking forward to working with you. I know, you were expecting letters from your friends and families. But with any luck, in a few days you'll be seeing them face to face. In three days' time, Voyager is going to be passing through grid eight nine eight, a sector of space occupied by a red giant star. At this very moment, a team of Federation scientists is orbiting another red giant in the Alpha Quadrant. In seventy two hours, they will target its magnetic field with a verteron beam, creating a geodesic fold. As a result, a corresponding fold will open here in the magnetic field of the red giant that Voyager is approaching. Space will be punctured at these two points, creating a gateway between the Quadrants. A lot's happened in geodesic research since you've been gone. I've brought schematics for shield upgrades to deflect the radiation from the fold. Medical technology to provide additional protection for the crew. We've thought of everything. Well, Lieutenant Barclay didn't want to raise your hopes in case the plan didn't live up to expectations. But lucky for you, it surpassed them. Pathfinder tried sending an unabridged version of my programme. It overloaded the MIDAS array. If everything goes according to plan, you won't need it anymore. Not to worry, Captain. We've thought of that too. [Sickbay] On Lieutenant Barclay's behalf, I thank you. I'll stop by the first chance I get.  This is our destination, red giant two three one three nine. The geodesic fold will open here, adjacent to the giant's northern pole. We'll have exactly sixteen seconds to take Voyager through. Mister Paris, you have the honour of plotting our course to Big Red Two. Lieutenant Torres, Commander Tuvok, I'd like you to start working on shield modifications. And in the meantime, I've asked the Doctor to prepare a series of inoculations that will protect the crew from the radiation. I look forward to hearing your thoughts. Your job might be the most important one of all. The next few days will be difficult. The crew will be working extremely long hours. They're going to need an experienced morale officer to keep their spirits high. If this were any other ship, I'd have my doubts. But this is Voyager, the Miracle Ship. You've survived six years in the Delta Quadrant. You've evaded the Kazon, the Vidiians, the Hirogen, you've even faced down the Borg. I think, with a little teamwork, we can pull off one more miracle and take Voyager home. [Corridor] No one at Starfleet would have thought of this. So, what's the first thing you're going to do when you get back? Yes, of course, but there are people at Utopia Planitia who will take care of that. There are Engineering crews and technicians. Of course not. I only meant that, if you're too busy working, you're going to miss all the welcome home hoopla. Starfleet's planning parties, ceremonies and speeches. There's, there's a ticker-tape parade down Market Street. But, you'd be the guest of honour. You don't have any idea, do you? I didn't mention this earlier. I didn't want to hurt anybody's feelings. You are the one who people are most looking forward to seeing. Why? Exactly. You were Borg. But you escaped, and despite incredible odds, you managed to reclaim your humanity. No one's ever done that before. You're famous. Maybe. But you've given hope to everyone who's ever lost somebody to the Borg. You've inspired millions.  You, you wanted to see me? Did you try incorporating the synthetic antigen? That should be enough. You're forgetting that the inoculations aren't designed to work alone. They were intended to work in combination with the shield modifications. It's the medicinal ying to the shield's yang. That's not going to happen. Now, listen. Lieutenant Barclay has a special affinity for this crew. So do I. I promise you, we won't let them down. We have identical handicaps. It's tempting, but I still have a few dozen progress reports to look over. Providing that the rest of the day's work goes smoothly, consider it yours. (Reg leaves quickly.)  Commander Chakotay tells me that you finished repairing the transceiver. Do you have enough room to include a progress report from me? Computer, download Barclay hologram file zero one to the datablock. In accordance with the seventy fourth Rule of Acquisition, Knowledge Equals Profit, I've enclosed the specifications you've requested. See you soon. (Next, a picture of Seven of Nine.) You see, it's always bothered Lieutenant Barclay that he was uncomfortable in large groups, so he designed me to be the life of the party. On my way. [Holodeck] Actually Doctor, I'm afraid something's come up. I'm going to meet with Seven of Nine. She going to teach me to play Kadis-kot. What's your point? And I suppose golf is? I'll tell you what. When we get back home we'll play as much golf as you like. Until then let's try to keep out of each other's hair. What do you say? [Admiral Paris's office] (A blonde woman in a revealing red dress is sitting in a comfortable chair.)ADMIRAL  Captain, you saved us a comm. call. Fifty six hours, eleven minutes and one seconds. This isn't the, er, Doctor's idea, is it? I bet he did. I understand perfectly. If the ship's Doctor thinks I need a check-up, who am I to argue? [Pathfinder lab] Maybe I'm not the one who needs a diagnostic, hmm? If anyone is owed an apology, it's you. I should've been more sensitive. Friends? Now that that's out of the way. Captain, what do you say we get this ship back to Earth? [Ferengi ship] The shields were modified to work in combination with the inoculations. We'll be fine. Astrometrics to the bridge. Why are we stopping?  It's not too late if we remodulate the shields. [Bridge] Identify yourself!
