There are several theories. Our clerics teach that the ocean was a divine gift from the creators to protect and sustain us. But, in my opinion, the most plausible explanation is that the ocean formed naturally, much the same way that a gas giant does. Unfortunately, our limited knowledge of the phenomenon has created a few problems. But they might be able to help us. The ocean's losing containment. Hydro-volume has decreased more than seven percent in the last year alone. No. To make a thorough study we'd need to explore the ocean centre where I believe the gravitational currents are fluctuating. Our best research vessel can only go one hundred kilometres. Beyond that the pressure's too great. Oh, excuse me. Am I in the right place? These are my instruments for measuring depth, pressure, currents. Oh. It's our main oxygen refinery and desalination plant. We're very proud of what we've built here. What was that? At this depth? What is it? If it's malfunctioning that would explain the loss of hydro-volume. We have no records of any previous inhabitants. Who built it? Where did they go? What's happening? What was it? No one's ever been this far down before. We don't know anything about marine life at these depths. No, you can't kill it. Stay? I'll stay.  What's that?  You've found something? Really? What happened to them? Extraordinary. Why would anyone want to move an entire ocean? That must have been a massive undertaking. I wonder what they'd think if they knew we settled here and built another civilisation. Oh? But as soon as we made the recalibration, the water stabilised. I don't see what else it could be. Our oxygen extraction levels are still dangerously high. I'm going to recommend shutting down refineries four, five and six. Excuse me, Consul. I'm not sure you understand the magnitude of the crisis. What you're suggesting could take months. It's used to describe someone who has special connection to the waters.  Council chamber, please. (Paris runs in.) I think the bureaucracy isn't going to make more than token changes. I don't see how, other than taking the oxygen refineries offline. Well, I suppose they'd have to be rebuilt. Are you suggesting If you can get me down there, I'd be willing to do it. I know. [Bridge] We're going down too fast.  How long till we reach our target? Do you? Missile armed.  Time.
