Calling approaching Federation vessel. We need your help urgently. I'm not reading you. Federation vessel, please respond. I'd lie still if I were you. You've got a nasty head injury. My name's Riley Frazier. What's yours, Commander? Those weren't my people. I'm the one who sent the distress call. We rescued you. Your Ensign? She didn't make it. I'm sorry. Your shuttle isn't there any more. The people who attacked you have already pulled it apart. Relax, Commander. I'm here to help you. How did I get here? I could ask you the same question. I was pretty surprised when I picked up a Federation ship out there. Not that I wasn't happy about it. Seven or eight years ago, I was working as a science officer on a vessel in the Bolian Sector. We were attacked without warning by aliens. They overpowered us in minutes and those of us who survived were put in some kind of stasis. The next thing we knew, we were here on this planet. It didn't take too many hours of stargazing to realise we weren't in the Alpha Quadrant any longer. Three that I know of, besides me. What was left of my crew. Along with some Klingons, Cardassians, Romulans, and dozens of other species I'd never seen before. I don't know. They must have had some kind of colony here at some time because of the ruined buildings and equipment they left scattered around. We've never seen them again. Everyone here has pretty much the same story. They were just grabbed from wherever they happened to be, and dumped. There are dozens of different races on this planet, all of whom were brought here against their will. Many of them are suspicious of other species. It's not exactly a United Federation around here, if you know what I mean. Resources are pretty limited. It didn't take long for the fighting to start. At first a group of Klingons attacked the Cardassians, then the Farn raided the Parein. Eventually things just got out of hand, and now it's anarchy. But some of us, a few hundred or so, we've tried to make the best of it. We've established a cooperative, sharing work and whatever provisions we have. The raiders destroyed the communications array. It'll take days to fix it. Our medic examined you. You suffered serious neural trauma. You're staying put. And that's an order, Commander. Captain's log, stardate 50622.4. While Commander Chakotay scouts for a faster route through the Nekrit Expanse, we are continuing our month-long journey through this sparsely populated region. [Bridge]  We grow all our own food in the cooperative garden. Sorry there's no meat. Really? I have reoccurring dreams about my mother's famous Texas barbeque. So, your journey home. How much longer do you expect it will take you? Haven't you ever thought about finding some nice M-class planet and putting down roots? Take us with you? You misunderstood. We want to stay. For better or worse, this place has become our home. The people in the cooperative, they're like my ancestors. Texas homesteaders. We have a deep connection to one another that I've never felt before. Not even with members of my own family. I guess it's because of what we've all gone through together. We're been able to bring a few of them into our group, but you're right, they're a problem. That's why we want your help. Security upgrades, medical supplies, maybe some weapons. We're creating a society here, one that's based on tolerance, shared responsibility and mutual respect that people like you and I were raised to believe in. We're not about to give it up because it's difficult. I'd better get back to work on the communications array. No. You're still in no shape to fight if we're attacked. I'll be back to check on you soon. [Borg Cube] We were Borg. At Wolf 359. I was a science officer aboard the Roosevelt. Five years ago, our ship was damaged by an electrokinetic storm. The next thing we knew, our link to the Collective was severed. We were free! We could think for ourselves again, remember our names, where we'd come from. Everything was new again. The sounds of our own voices, forgotten memories, the taste of food. I was even lucky enough to get a prosthetic arm Orum created using Borg replication equipment. In spite of how little we had it was a joyous, hopeful time. After the euphoria wore off, people started looking around and found they were living among other cultures they didn't understand, or worse, species they'd been taught to hate. They turned against one another. Things became chaotic. But we're not all like that. Everything I told you about forming a cooperative, building a new society, I meant it. Orum's our medic. He's the one who examined you. I know how people feel about the Borg, and they're right. We did terrible things. Then you'll still help us? (Chakotay's eyes roll back, and he staggers. Orum catches him.) There must be something we can do for him. Would it be safe? Think of it as a subspace transfusion, only instead of one person giving blood there are hundreds, perhaps thousands of donors simultaneously transmitting neuroelectric energy to whoever needed it. We still have Borg neural processors implanted in our nervous systems. Removing them would have killed us. Using a portable neural transponder we have the ability to re-link our brain patterns. It was. No, that's not it at all. I can see why you're sceptical. I would be too. Look around you. Orum and I, all the others, we're individuals. We have distinct personalities. We're not about to turn you into some kind of automaton. Chakotay, you have to make a decision. No. I can't change who we are. I wasn't truthful with you before and I'm sorry. But please, believe me when I tell you we only want to help you. Orum will take every precaution. Please, at least let us try and save you. Okay, then? Don't be afraid, Chakotay. We're here to help you. How do you feel? Don't worry, it's gone. It looks like the treatment worked. Orum says the degraded tissue has shown marked improvement. I know. Then you must have caught me staring. Images from the minds of the people who linked with you. Memories of their families, their homes. My favourite flower. My grandfather. We shared a very rare experience. (Riley strokes her own cheek.) What about this? (She strokes her inner arm.) It's a residual effect from the link. An hour, maybe two. Long enough. [OC] Can you still here what I'm thinking? Then you know I want to be closer to you. I want us to know everything about each other. I want you to feel everything I feel. [Bridge] I never would have figured you to be quite so handy with a circuitry panel. I know. That's right. Sometimes radical problems require radical solutions. I hope you'll at least discuss our idea with your Captain.  We've given it a great deal of thought, and we believe the solution to our problem is to re-establish the neural link among all the former Borg living on the planet. If you think about it, Captain, when we were linked we had no ethnic conflict. There was no crime, no hunger, no health problems. We lived as one harmonious family. But we're not Borg anymore, and we've learnt from our past. All we want to do is take the one good thing that existed in the midst of all that horror, our unique ability to cooperate and problem solve, and use it to create a safe and productive community. The neurotransponder we've built is only powerful enough to link a small group of people, like the one that healed Chakotay's wounds. In any case, the effect is only temporary. In order to re-connect the entire population permanently we'd need a much bigger neuroelectric field generator. But the Borg Cube does. Not the whole ship, just the generator. And it only needs to be operational for a few minutes in order to reactivate the link. Captain, I can assure you we'd take every precaution. Thank you. (Riley leaves with a security guard.) I wish it weren't, but I expected as much. Well, we'll just have to do the best we can. Who knows. Maybe we'll find some other way to get to the cube and reinitiate the link. Chakotay. Don't think it's not tempting, but my place is here. I know you understand. Thank you, Neelix.
