Tommy-me-boy, you're a little fast there. (Paris crashes into barrels, knocking off a front wheel.) Did you hurt yourself, Tommy boy? Well, maybe you ought to stick to a horse and carriage. Still, she's a beauty. The world must be treating you well to afford such a thing. Oh, come into some money, did you? So who's passed on? Sounds like he was a fine man. I'd drink a toast to him, if I had a shilling to me name. It'll take three pints to do a proper job, Tommy boy, and this isn't even enough for two. You're a generous man. Care to join me at Sullivan's? Night's coming. And they say when the sun goes down the Queen of the Faerie folk reclaims the castle. Don't say I didn't warn you. (Seamus walks away, then turns when he hears Paris speak.) Saints preserve us. [Sullivan's] I'll admit I've been known to add a little colour to stories from time to time to liven things up. But with God as my witness, I saw Tom Paris using unnatural powers to fix that wheel of his. Make fun if you like, but he was heading up to Castle O'Dell only an hour before dark. That's right. And where does he go? Killmannin, 1846. Old Patsy down in County Meath spoke of a band of spirit folk who came to Killmannin in '46. It was a town mot much different than Fair Haven. That is, until this group of strangers arrived. The townsfolk welcomed them with open arms. After all, a stranger is just a friend you haven't met yet. But they regretted their hospitality soon enough. Then people started to go missing. It's true. When winter came, and the nights grew longer, the entire town vanished. Every post, every nail, poof, into thin air, never to be seen again. I'm suggesting you keep an eye on Tom Paris and his cohorts. Not to mention that lady friend of yours. She's certainly cast a spell on you. What's the matter, Milo? You got a case of the willies? Then stop your squawking, or he'll catch us for sure. Come on, man. He's getting away. Look. He's got some sort of contraption in his hand. He's not going to listen to talk of the supernatural. That's true. Let her graze. Did you hear that? [Saint Mary's - Sunday morning mass] Father. Weren't nothing like that at all, Father. Something terrible's happened. That we did. Tom Paris, and Harry Kim. Last night. Take care, Maggie. [Street] Is everything all right? You're looking a little out of sorts this morning. Oh? (They help her to sit on a nearby bench.) Do you remember anything about last night? Now, Maggie, we weren't implying anything. Do you recall anything else about the evening? Well, tell us about the dream, then. Well, that's quite a story, Maggie. Maybe just a wee taste. [Sullivan's] They're all probably up at Castle O'Dell, conspiring against us. Well, we can't just sit here and do nothing while they take over Fair Haven. Relax, Sullivan. The rifles are only a last resort. Besides, we've got incantations, which are more lethal to spirit folk than any weapons forged by man. That's how we're going to force them back into their realm. And we've got red twine to stop them from changing shape. (While the men stand around and talk, the women are busy.) Ash berries, right. That's how you keep them from using their powers against you. They've been walking amongst us for weeks now, pretending to be our friends, lying to us, making mischief. What's next? I for one am not going to stand by and let them run roughshod over our town. We can't rest until we've driven every one of them out. (Grace runs in.) Who's with me? [Sullivan's] Shoot it! They're getting away! After them! [Street] I see you left your box of charms at Sullivan's. I believe this is the talisman you used on Maggie. Maybe we should turn them into cows. Quite a rousing sermon, Father, but I'm afraid you're not going to find too many takers tonight. Aye, I'd say that sounds a wee bit unholy. You're in league with them, aren't you? Tie him up with the others. What's this? (The transport enhancers.)  And what were you planning on doing with these? Something tells me these are spirit charms. We pin them on you and God knows what powers you'll have. Oh, they'll tell us the truth, all right. There's more than one way to pluck the wings off a pixie. We'll induce a trance. Give me Biddy Ramsey's spoon. Keep your eyes on the silverware, Father. (Seamus swings the spoon in front of him.)  Tell us the words. How do we banish the spirit folk to the Other World? He's talking gibberish. Look here. It says if you can get a spirit to reveal his true name you'll render yourself impervious to his charms. No man who's gone to the Other World has ever come back.  Take them outside now. (Michael and Janeway enter. Milo points his rifle at them.) But they turned Maggie into a cow. Tommy boy! I've been told there's a pot of gold somewhere in Glen Abbey. Would you be able to find it with one of those fancy machines of yours? Rainbow, eh?
So, where you heading? Ah, I wish I could, but there's a bit of a problem. Well, you see, Tommy-me-boy, the Good Lord blessed me with a fine wife. I'll never forget the day I met her. I was on me way to the Fair in Dooleen, or was it Kilkee? There's some fine trout fishing to be had in Kilkee this time of year. Timothy Ryan, God rest his soul. He was one for the trout. The poor man's been dead a fortnight. Some say he had the croup, but don't you believe it. The widow Moore gave him the Evil Eye. Me wife and I, well, we've hit a bit of a rough patch. A better woman never walked the face of the earth. With nothing but the clothes on me back. A shilling or two should suffice. God bless you, Tommy-me-boy (Kim is over by the flower-seller's stall. He is in a neat jacket and straw boater.) Three bob on Liam. Excuse me, Father, but I'm needing a bit of counsel. But I've broken the fifth commandment again. Come on, me boy. Push! Push! You got him. You got him. (Kim's hand is nearly on the table.)EMH: You're losing. (Kim rallies.) SEAMUS: What in God's name? Come on, Liam. Push! (Kim wins the match.) Ah, wavefront? Now, what in the name of God is that? Oh. (Janeway looks at Michael for a few moments before leaving.) [Astrometrics lab] That's not all that's superior. The lily and the rose are staging a competition in your face. The fullness of your lips and the paleness of your cheeks, it's enough to make a man faint. Aw, sit down, Sullivan. Oh, you will, will you? Morning, lads. Looks like a storm brewing. Heading in from the west. Could be a big one.  (The hologrid is flickering in the sky.) I don't suppose you could spare a shilling or two? Me wife and I made up last night and I wanted to buy her a new parasol. (Seamus vanishes.)
