I speak for the Borg. We are aware of your designations. Seven of Nine, Tertiary Adjunct of Unimatrix Zero One. But you may call me Seven of Nine. You are proposing a large-scale weapon. We concur. Your torpedoes are inadequate. They lack the necessary range and dispursive force. We are Borg. A multikinetic neutronic mine. Five million isoton yield. Correct. The shock wave will disperse the nanoprobes over a radius of five light years. We are. It would be efficient. You are individuals. You are small, and you think in small terms. But the present situation requires that we consider your plan. Voyager's weapons inventory. Photon torpedo complement thirty two. Class six warhead. Explosive yield two hundred isotons. We are Borg. We must analyse the bioship. Your data. (Janeway hands over her PADD.) This body was assimilated eighteen years ago. It ceased to be human at that time. Do not engage us in further irrelevant discourse. We are being hailed by your vessel. Agreed. Our course and heading have been changed. We now require one of your photon torpedoes and the nanoprobes. We must construct and test a prototype now. The risk of attack has increased.JANEWAY: Irrelevant. We have an agreement. You're asking me to give up my only guarantee that you won't assimilate us. I won't risk it. Are you willing to risk a direct confrontation with us? If we transport five hundred drones onto your vessel, do you believe you could offer sufficient resistance? That won't be necessary. We must construct a launching system to accommodate this design. [Bridge] We are under attack. [Bridge] We cannot let the nanoprobes be destroyed. [Bridge] Lower your weapons. (She lowers her gun.) We are here with your Captain's consent. It was necessary to sacrifice our vessel to protect yours. We have an alliance, do we not? [Sickbay] Where is your Captain? I must speak with her. Circumstances have changed. The loss of our vessel requires that we modify our agreement. Insufficient. Our latest tactical projections indicate that the war will be lost by then. The nearest Borg vessel is forty light years away. You will reverse course and take us to it. There is no alternative. Denying our request is also dangerous. Think quickly. [Briefing room] Unacceptable. We don't have time for There is another option. We could assimilate your vessel. When your Captain first approached us, we suspected that an agreement with humans would prove impossible to maintain. You are erratic, conflicted, disorganised. Every decision is debated, every action questioned. Every individual entitled to their own small opinion. You lack harmony, cohesion, greatness. It will be your undoing. We understand. (Seven enters a Jefferies tube.) [Bridge] Our entry into fluidic space has created a compression wave. They know we're here. A fleet of bioships is already converging on our position. Time to intercept, three hours, seventeen minutes. We must prepare this ship for the altercation. We will construct a complement of biomolecular warheads. Species 8472 was more resistant than we anticipated. Their technology is biogenically engineered. It is superior to that of all species we have previously encountered. They are the apex of biological evolution. Their assimilation would have greatly added to our own perfection. There is only one course of action. Destroy them first. My subspace link to the Collective has been weakened by the interdimensional rift. We cannot signal for help. We are alone. We must construct a compliment of biomolecular warheads and modify your weapons to launch them. If I did that, you will no longer cooperate. Captain Janeway. And you understand the situation. JANEWAY: Completely. Tuvok, give her the nanoprobes. Work with her. Build as many warheads as you can and start modifying our weapons systems. I suggest we think about enhancing our defences, as well. If we're going to fight this battle, I intend to win it. We are in agreement. I have regained full contact with the Collective. All remaining bioships in the Delta Quadrant are returning to their realm. The Borg have prevailed. Unacceptable. This alliance is terminated. Your ship and its crew will adapt to service us. (Seven goes towards Paris. He fires a hand phaser at her, but the beam bounces off her shields.) Resistance is futile. (She pushes him aside and fires her assimilation tubules into the helm console.) We are Borg. [Cargo Bay two] Irrelevant. Your appeal to my humanity is pointless. [Cargo Bay two]
Captain Janeway, What have you? The others. I can't hear the others. The voices are gone. You will return this drone to the Borg. You will return this drone to the Borg! You will supply us with a subspace transmitter and leave us on the nearest planet. The Borg will come for us. We need nothing from you. We are Borg. We are - ah! You will suppress the human immune system. No! We are Borg! We are Borg! (Tuvok holds Seven while the EMH sedates her.) [Sickbay] What have you done to me! Unacceptable. (Seven gets off the biobed.) You should have let us die. This drone cannot survive outside the Collective. Do not engage us in superficial attempts at sympathy. You are an individual. You are small. You cannot understand what it is to be Borg. This drone is small now. Alone. One voice, one mind. The silence is unacceptable. We need the others! Insufficient. You have neglected to remove the autonomous regeneration sequencers. Jefferies tube thirteen alpha section twelve. We fully recall the engineering specifications of your vessel. Yes. Autonomous regeneration sequencers. They function to counteract resistance. We came up with nothing. The Borg assimilated this technology in Galactic Cluster three from species two five nine. You must disconnect each sequencer conduit at the insertion juncture. Beyond your comprehension. Galactic Cluster three is a transmaterial energy plane intersecting twenty two billion omnicordial lifeforms. Ensign Kim. Your assistance. (She hits him, knocking him into the guard standing nearby.) [Bridge] You were not deceived, Captain Janeway. It was my intention to help you. There was a chance to contact the Collective. I took advantage of it. Your attempt to assimilated this drone will fail. You can alter our physiology but you cannot change our nature. We will betray you. We are Borg. If it does happen, we will become fully human? We will be autonomous. Independent. If at that time we choose to return to the Collective, will you permit it? You would deny us the choice as you deny us now. You have imprisoned us in the name of humanity, yet you will not grant us your most cherished human right. To choose our own fate. You are hypocritical, manipulative. We do not want to be what you are. Return us to the Collective! Then you are no different than the Borg. [Mess hall] But I cannot function this way. Alone. If that's true, you won't do this to me. Take me back to my own kind. I don't remember being human. I don't know what it is to be I'll kill you. So quiet. One voice. JANEWAY: One voice can be stronger than a thousand voices. Your mind is independent now, with it's own unique identity. You are forcing that identity upon me. It's not mine. Don't want that life. It is acceptable. Understood. It will not happen again. Red. The child you spoke of, the girl. Her favourite colour was red. (In his quarters, Tuvok puts the lit meditation lamp in his window, to help Kes find her way home.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
