 Excuse me. I think I made a wrong turn. Is there a Millennium Gate around here? The sign said gas, food, lodging. I need all three. I don't think I'm gong to make it. Tell me, are people a little friendlier off exit nine? (But the passerby has turned a corner, and Shannon has rear-ended the car in front.)SHANNON: Oh, no. I, I just didn't see you. I'm sorry. Are you okay? Not really. It ran out. Two hundred bucks? The sign said open? It's cold outside, and I wondered if I could wait here. For the tow truck. My car broke down. I'm trying to get to Florida. I assure you I'm not. At least not anymore. Thank you. Down the street, next to the coffee shop. What used to be the coffee shop. It looks like this whole town is closed down. Except for you, huh? It'll do. Thank you. (She picks up a Save our Downtown flyer.)SHANNON: What's this about, if I may ask? Shannon O'Donnel. Hi. So, you're trying to get them to stop building this Millennium whatever-it-is? You're the last holdout? I may be able to help you, if you'd be willing to hire me. We could do all this on a computer. Well, I do. We can e-mail every computer within a hundred miles. It'll just take a few hours. It's easy. Maybe the tow truck is waiting. Thanks for the coffee. I wouldn't ask you for a lot. Just enough to fix the car. I really, I kind of need a job right now. You do believe in electricity, don't you? [Bar] Why come here? Everybody must love you. To the good old days. I'll stick with the modern age. No antibiotics. No cars. No telephones. Shorter life spans. No cold beer. No different than last year's Millennium Eve. I plan to be asleep. Oh, don't tell me you've bought into all that hype again? Last year, when 2000 arrived? Everyone was convinced it was the dawn of a new era. But when the world didn't end and the flying saucers didn't land and the Y2K bug didn't turn off a single light bulb, you'd think everybody would have realised it was a number on a calendar. But, oh, no, they had to listen to all those hucksters who told them the real millennium was 2001. So this New Year's Eve will be as boring as last year. See what I mean? I have a cousin down there. I'll stay with her for a while until I can get back on my feet. I'm in a transitional period. From what I was doing to what I'm going to do. Your son tells me that your bookstore's belonged in your family for generations. That you've never done anything else. You know, I'm just the opposite. I love to see places I've never been, try new things. I'm kind of an explorer. It's a rocket ship. It's Friday night. Can we get a reservation? Too bad I don't speak French. And a gracious host. I wouldn't mind visiting Paris one day. You haven't been? It's not such a bad idea to experience the real thing every now and then. Maybe you just never had the right guide. Is that an offer? You're a peculiar man, Mister Janeway. Cloistered away with all your books, shutting out the world. Only slightly. Any word on my car? You forgot to tell me that. First thing in the morning. I could use another day of rest. You're making it difficult to say goodbye. Not good enough, I guess. No. How's she doing. Not bad for a girl with claustrophobia. Who told you I lost my job? You've got no business checking up on me. Are you trying to make me some kind of an offer? Oh. You want me to talk to him, get him to change his mind. And in return? I'll think about it. Morning. Don't worry about it. Have you tried Matrix of Doom? Try launching a flare before entering the steel fortress. Please. Where is your father? He left you in charge? Sounds like you've got it down. No. I wouldn't say that. I just never got around to it. If you don't mind me asking, where's your mom? Oh, I'm sorry. You're in good company. You like working here, Jason? You know, I get the feeling you don't share your father's enthusiasm about preserving the past. Did you ever see the first landing on the moon? One small step for man. I saw it on TV when I was eleven years old. The whole world watched it. Oh, it way. So, do you have any heroes? Come on, there's got to be somebody. Local business owner topples Gate. That's chickens for the non-scientists in the crowd. It's a little more than that, Henry. I said, it's not just a mall. There's a commercial dimension to the project, but that's not its only function. I've learned a few details about the Millennium Gate. It's a self-sustaining city, an experimental biosphere. It's never been done before. Nothing. But this project will help scientists learn more about our environment. Possibly even recreate it on other worlds. Yeah. Which is why I'd like to get the hell off it one day. And you're so afraid of change you can barely walk out that front door. The Millennium Gate has a lot of potential, Henry. You just can't see it. All you can see are these books. You're living in the past. Having a beer, anyway. He offered me a job. Consulting engineer. I said I'd think about it. That's one way of looking at it. I can't keep living out of my car. No. Because I can't. Because I don't want to! You've been really nice to me, Henry, but I can't get stuck here. I didn't say that. You can live however you want to. Something came up. By midnight? Doubtful. It's not that simple. Well, while you're looking forward, I'll be driving to Florida. I didn't hold up my end of the bargain. What's the matter? Your father can take care of himself. No, he doesn't, Jason. Ohio. Florida. It didn't work out. I do. I'm sorry. [Shannon's car - driving]  December 31st, 2000. Eleven fifteen pm. I've got ninety five miles of Interstate before I have to decide whether I head east or south, but those ninety five miles won't be uneventful. My guidebook tells me I'm not too far from Leonardo da Vinci's Last Supper, recreated entirely in Excuse me. I'm sorry. Get your things. We're leaving. Do I have to drag you out the front door? Henry. It's over. Half the town is out there. You're on the news. Maybe you'll go down in history. You have made your point. Maybe if you'd looked up from your books once in a while you'd see what's in front of you. As long as I don't have to hear you pontificate about the past. It's almost midnight, Henry. What have you won? The right to hide behind these shelves for the rest of your life? Well, it isn't working for your son, or this town, or me. Oh, this isn't about the job. It was the cookies. I was on the Interstate. I stopped for gas, and I bought a bag of chocolate chip cookies in a convenience store. It's a little ritual of mine. Whenever I get back on the highway, I like to treat myself. They didn't taste good, Henry. It wasn't the same. I just kept thinking about you, and how I wish you'd been there. Oh, you don't know what you're missing. It's been a long time, but I'm starting to feel like maybe I found a place where I'd like to stick around for a while, with you and Jason. But I can't work in a bookstore for the rest of my life. I've been given a second chance, Henry, and I can't lose that. I'm stuck in the future, you're stuck in the past. But maybe we could get unstuck in the present. You know, Mister Moss offered me a job in Canton, even though I failed to keep up my end of the bargain. I guess he felt sorry for me. But I'm prepared to turn him down if you want me to stay with you. Well, I'll have a few connections. I could probably get you a nice remote location, so nobody would bother you. No, But if I do, we'll make the trip together. A minute to midnight.
