Ambassador, I'm afraid I was right. This isn't going to work. The same thing happened to us yesterday. We tried to vaporise two incoming asteroids but they fragmented and struck the surface. How long until the next asteroid hits? Captain. We appreciate your efforts, but I think it's time we considered an evacuation. According to my analysis there are at least twelve more asteroids heading in our direction. How can we hope to destroy them all even with your help? At this point Ambassador, I don't know what that discovery could be. Our chances of finding Doctor Vatm are slim. We should evacuate the colonies. I'm an exogeologist. I prefer working on the ground. Oh, oh, what's happening? Doctor, you said you had information on the composition of the asteroids. What is it? Doctor, we almost died trying to get that information. Tell us. We don't have several hours. When the next asteroid hits, it could destroy this entire region. We've got to get out of here soon! Why won't you share the data with That tether's over three hundred kilometres long. It takes twelve hours to reach the station. What if they don't find us in time? Wait, please! Don't leave us here! I despise enclosed spaces. You mean we're going to drop? Yes, I know, I heard you. It won't be painful, will it? Oh good, good. I despise needles. Any progress with the, with the converters? And if she can't, we'll all suffocate. Oh, well, thank you for the reassurance. Well, now we have a choice of death by suffocation or death by poisoning. Don't even think about me. I can't believe you're going out there. You don't even know what you're looking for. Mister Tuvok returned to the surface. Get this carriage moving. Now! Back away. Get up. (he kicks Neelix) Get up! oh. We're going to have to figure out how to fly this vessel. [Bridge] Then get us moving. There's the accelerator control. Try it. Right, you. Go outside and check the couplings. Make sure they haven't been damaged. It can't be that complicated. Keep trying. Come on, come on. (Unobserved, Neelix manages to open the door, and Tuvok enters. The sudden loss of atmosphere makes everyone grab the consoles as Tuvok staggers to Sklar and wrestles him for the phaser. The storage device has fallen to the floor. The phaser falls and Sklar grabs a handy metal rod to hit Tuvok with, but gets kicked out of the carriage instead. Tuvok closes the door and checks Neelix' injuries.)
