Far out! [Ready room] (Doorbell.) It's crap. The component density is too low, the voltage variance is out of spec and I don't even like the colour. We've got less than six months before we introduce the HyperPro PC, and with a chip like this driving it we'll have to change the name to Edsel. I gave your company this contract because you're the best in the business, next to us of course. Go home, Jim. Lose some sleep over this. I want a full report middle of next week. (The intercom beeps.) What am I doing, Dave? And? Put her through. Henry Starling. [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] Yes, yes. What it is? [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] Are you certain? [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] When did it show up? [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] Rain, that's a little premature, don't you think? This could be a close encounter, but then again, it could be a flock of geese. [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] No! No, we don't know what we've found. And until we do, I'm not going to risk embarrassing myself, or your Observatory. Track the emission, get more data and keep me informed. In the meantime, I'm going to put a bottle of champagne on ice. Do you think ET likes Chateau Coeur? [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] Good work, Rain. Stay in touch. [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] We're not quite at the little green men stage yet, but believe me, you'll be the first to know. What I think we have here is an overenthusiastic young lady. I'm afraid she's exaggerating. We don't have anything, not yet. Thank you, Professor. (The call ends.) You know what that little brat did? She emailed a friend of hers at JPL, who called his professor at CalTech. She's a security risk. Go to Griffith, get the data, get rid of her. Dunbar! If it's true, if they're here, it's only a matter of time before they find me. There's no telling what capabilities they'll have. You may have to use the weapon. I see you've made yourself at home. Welcome to the twentieth century. I know who you are. You're from the future. I knew you'd come back one day. I detected your vessel in orbit and Mister Dunbar here had a run-in with your friends. You're here to take the timeship. What are you talking about? How do you know this? What's that? Answer it. My database! Stop or I'll kill your Captain. [Bridge] You've got five seconds. [Bridge] You've taken over three thousand gigabits of information, including my launch plan. But that's not going to be a problem, Captain. I'll make a few changes to my travel itinerary. You're not going to stop me. In case you haven't noticed, I'm holding the gun. And you along with it. Captain, you've got some cojones. (Janeway is beamed away. Chakotay throws a chair at Dunbar.) Kill them! (Chakotay is beamed away.) Damn! [Bridge] The forcefield's down. They're trying to teleport the ship! [Bridge] Yes! [Bridge] Captain Janeway, Henry Starling here. USS Voyager, Intrepid class. Much bigger than I expected, and much less advanced. Says here your ship was launched in the year 2371? You're from the twenty fourth century? And here all this time I though you were from the twenty ninth. Looks like I have the home field advantage. Ooo, what's this? [Bridge] Oh, now this is interesting. Welcome. [Mess hall] How's it going? Try to be a little more grateful, Doc. The schematics I downloaded from your ship indicate you were stuck in the sickbay twenty four hours a day. My holographic simulator. We use it to test our new microchip designs. I projected you through the emitters in the office. Your programme really isn't very sophisticated. Can't do that. Not yet. I've a few questions I want answered. All Captain Janeway's talk of a disaster I caused is just smoke. You came here to steal my timeship. That timeship is from the twenty ninth century. Technology five hundred years more advanced than anything you've got. You'd love to get your hands on it. You figured I'd be any easy target. Some backwards twentieth century Neanderthal that doesn't know what he's got. But you found out otherwise, didn't you? I've learned your weapons are damaged, your ship's teleporter's half shot, but I didn't get all the personnel files. I have to know my enemy. Give me Captain Janeway's psychological profile. I'd say you're a little bit of both. Start talking. Pain. It's an interesting sensation, isn't it. How unpleasant it could be? This is what burning feels like. For a human to experience what you're going through right now, he'd have to be on fire. (Starling turns it off, and the EMH falls to the carpet.) By reconfiguring your tactile response sensors. Easy as proverbial pie. Feeling more co-operative? (The intercom buzzes. Starling picks up the phone.) I'm in a meeting, Dave. Put her through. [Metro Plaza] Take it easy, Rain. Everything's okay. [Metro Plaza] Yes, you do. You're going to jump in a cab and come to my office. You'll be safe here. [Metro Plaza] Where are you? I'll send somebody. [Metro Plaza] I'll be right there. [Metro Plaza] Pack a lunch, Doc. We're going for a walk. I don't know, Doc. You were awfully quiet on the ride over here. Maybe just a little bit anxious about being out in the real world. Mind your manners, Doc. If your shipmates start any trouble, you'll be holodust. Tell your new friends to come out or their colleague here's going to die. Let's go. We're taking my car. I'll send somebody back for it. Is there a problem? No, he was trying to rescue you. To my office. You'll be safe there. Dunbar, take the surface streets. The 101's a nightmare at this time (begins to dematerialise) Ah. Damn it. (collapses) It didn't work. Should have blocked your ship's teleporter. Give me some credit, Captain. I did pretty well for a primitive. You're in no position to be making any demands, Captain. What're you going to do, shoot me? Well, it wouldn't get you anything. I've rigged the timeship. If you try to teleport it again, if you even go near it, Los Angeles will look like the face of the moon. The betterment of mankind. Why do you think I want to go to the future, a vacation? I've cannibalised the ship itself as much as I can. There's nothing left to base a commercial product on. You just don't get it, do you? I created the microcomputer revolution. Irrelevant. My products benefit the entire world. Without me there would be no laptops, no internet, no barcode readers. What's good for Chronowerx is good for everybody. I can't stop now. One trip to the twenty ninth century and I can bring back enough technology to start the next ten computer revolutions. I'm willing to take that risk. Captain, the future you're talking about, that's nine hundred years from now. I can't be concerned about that right now. I have a company to run and a whole world full of people waiting for me to make their lives a little bit better. Mister Dunbar, good work. I think it's time to get out of here. [Rain's Camper van - outside Chronowerx] Activate hyper-impulse. Let's do it. Initiate temporal inversion. Penetration point at nine six mark zero four seven. [Torpedo tube one] Or what? Your weapons are down, friend. See you sometime. Uh oh! (The Aeon goes KaBOOM just before it reaches the rift, which closes.) [Turbolift]
