I'm fine, Captain. Unfortunately my ship is not. That's very generous. Thank you. Captain, I know you put yourselves in danger to rescue me. I want to thank you. I was so eager to test my new engine, I pushed it beyond it's limits. [Corridor] It's a violent procedure, but it allows a ship to travel through space at incredible speeds. That's probably true, but if I were worrying about danger I wouldn't have become a test pilot. The fourth planet of the Benthan system. That's about twenty light years from here.  And on my way back, I made the mistake of flying the prototype through restricted Entaban territory. And the Entabans weren't too pleased to see me. I limped back to the engineers on Benthos with phaser holes through their brand new extanium fuselage. I think they would have been happy to see phaser holes through me. I'm guessing he wasn't happy about getting it back. Here it is, the coaxial induction drive. It draws in subatomic particles and reconfigures their internal geometries. At least in spurts. Unfortunately, particle instabilities keep overloading my engines. But I'm going to make it work. I have to keep in motion. I don't like the thought of settling down. Too many new ships to drive. Too many intriguing women. When I get this ship back I'm going to be doing the first test on a new Mithran class flyer. I'm told it's more advanced than any warship in the quadrant. Why don't you come with me? We'd have a great time. You could meet up with Voyager afterwards. A carburettor? Wait. Hundreds of years old? Surely that couldn't be of any use to us now. Grease Monkey? And you think we need a device like that to dilute the particle stream as it enters the coaxial drive. Subatomic dilution! It never would have occurred to me. I think you've solved it. I owe you a lot. You're lucky to be stationed on a ship like this. Replicators to feed and clothe you, holotechnology to cater to every whim. Hallways filled with women. You don't sound convinced. Aren't you happy here? You're lucky, You're part of a family, part of a structure. You have rules to guide you. You don't have to worry about making a lot of choices. I usually go to bed at night not knowing what the next day has in store, what trouble I might get into. You don't have to worry about those things. You're very settled. Well, then there's hope for me yet, Maybe someday I'll settle down too. But for now I prefer to stay on the move. Things'll turn around for you. I've always found that change is inevitable. It comes when you least expect it. Now, are we ready to try this carburettor idea on my ship? Five minutes. And Tom? Don't dismiss the suggestion I made, about coming with me to fly the new ship. It might be fun to escape the  Computer, access all files pertaining to Lieutenant Tom Paris. Download into memory core alpha. Hello. I'm Steth, a guest of your captain. You must be Seven of Nine. Tom mentioned you. He thinks you're extremely intelligent. Well, er, Tom felt we needed some files for polaric modulators, but he was called away before we could access them. I thought I'd find them myself and help out. Oh, I'm about to meet him at the holodeck. We can find the files there. Good advice. I'll do that. Captain's log, stardate 51762.4. The repairs to Steth's coaxial drive have been completed well ahead of schedule. [Steth's ship] Go ahead. (Paris packs up his Starfleet tool kits then finds his missing tool on a console.) I know I should have asked you, Tom, but I needed it for an experiment. Not quite. You're the first humans I've met and that wrench had enough cellular residue on it for me to check your DNA. I have good news. We're compatible. (Steth grabs Paris by the throat. His eyes roll back then he transforms into Paris, as Paris transforms into him.) There were times when I thought I would be stuck in that body forever. I'm going to take her back to Bentha. I hope to find the person who belongs to that body. It may take a while, but I will do whatever I can to find everyone you've violated.
