Yes, sir. No, we just sort of looked at each other and he did whatever he had to do and I did what I had to do. I was running a fuel consumption analysis for Lieutenant Torres. She can tell you. Are you accusing me of killing him? No. No, I barely knew him. You know, just because I'm a Maquis doesn't make me a killer. We all know how you feel about the Maquis. No, you just spied on us and were going to turn us all over to Starfleet. I was still running the fuel analysis. I worked on it until I went off duty. That's not possible. Now that would be sort of difficult to check on, wouldn't it? I don't. No. I had no relationship. No. No. No. No. No, there's no point in denying it anymore. I used a two kilo coil spanner. He was sitting at the impulse system control panel. Didn't even look up when I moved in behind him and I swung the spanner as hard as I could. There was practically no blood. I was surprised at that. I figured that the EPS conduit was the easiest way to dispose of the body, but I must have damaged one of the circuits when I put him inside. Oh, I hid the spanner behind a comm. line access panel on deck seven. No reason. I didn't like the way he looked at me. (The Security guard takes Suder into custody.) [Sickbay] (The blood on the coil spanner has been analysed.) Right. Like a lot of people in Starfleet do. Look, if that's how you want to look at this. I don't like Starfleet, I won't deny that, but I have killed people who weren't in Starfleet for the same reason. I did not like the way they looked at me. I've thought about killing you, Lieutenant. That's true. I don't know. I don't seem to feel anything at all. Most Betazoids can sense other people's emotions. I can't even sense my own. So what's going to happen to me now? I know what I'd do if I were her. Guess I'm lucky. The Federation doesn't execute people. (Tuvok leaves, and almost gets to the turbolift before he turns and goes back again.) I wish I could help you, Lieutenant. It's that Vulcan thing where you grab someone's head. One mind? You and me? I wouldn't recommend that, Lieutenant. And how will I be helped by all this? What do I have to do? Centred. I can feel the difference. It is almost as if I can observe the violence inside me without letting it get too close. It is quite remarkable what you Vulcans have learnt to do. Holographic violence does not give the same sensation as the real thing. I've tried it. That didn't work either. Since the meld, I feel capable of controlling myself. Perhaps with your help I can learn to stay this way. It must be difficult for you. Knowing violence as I've known it. Studying it and knowing it are two different things, aren't they. It's attractive, isn't it. Violence. You're right, it is disturbing, never knowing when that impulse may come or whether or not you can control it when it does. You live on the edge of every moment, and yet, in it's own way, violence is attractive, too. Maybe because it doesn't require logic. Perhaps that's why it's so liberating. Ironic, isn't it, that I can share with you of all people what I have hidden from everyone all my life. Can we do it again, Tuvok? Meld. I understand. Really, I do. I've thought about it a lot. In a way, a mind meld is almost an act of violence, isn't it. Penetration. Your will dissolving mine. The joining. It seems to me that a mind meld might be fatal if you lost control. [Tuvok's quarters] Tuvok? I wondered what happened to you. They wouldn't tell me anything. I wondered about that. It didn't work. Have you come to kill me? To execute me. I see. And calling it that makes it more comfortable for you. A most logical use of violence, to punish the violent. (Tuvok lowers the cell forcefield.) We both know that I am prepared to die, but are you prepared to kill? To release your violent impulses? Justice or vengeance? Understand one thing, Tuvok. I can promise you this will not silent your demons. If you can't control the violence, the violence controls you. Be prepared to yield your entire being to it, to sacrifice your place in civilised life for you will no longer be a part of it, and there's no return. (Tuvok grabs Suder's head.) Of course, you would not be able to live with yourself. Then we are both to die, and that will end the torment. Crewman Suder to the Bridge. You'd better get down here, Chakotay. Lieutenant Tuvok needs help. Captain's log, supplemental. Ensign Suder has been incarcerated in secured quarters where he will likely spend the rest of our journey home. Lieutenant Tuvok remains under observation in Sickbay. [Sickbay]
Look. And you said they were incompatible. An entirely new species. I'm going to name it after you. The Tuvok Orchid. And you gave me life. All of this is because of you. Because of the meld. I used to think the only talent I had was a talent for killing. Please. It's my way of saying thank you. Tuvok, I want to do something for the ship. I'm not asking you to let me out of confinement. I accept my punishment. But if I could just, just contribute somehow. I was, I was thinking I might adapt some of the genetic engineering techniques I've developed for the orchids to make the airponic vegetable garden more productive. Do you think she'll agree?  Captain! Please. Please come in. Won't you sit down? Excuse the mess. I wasn't expecting company. Can I get you some tea? Have you had lunch? Has he? Well, I'm, I'm very grateful to him, Captain. I still have a lot to learn of course, but he is an excellent tutor. When we first started our studies, I, I thought What? Oh. Of course. Yes, yes. Let me show you. I've actually had very encouraging results with a new gene splicing technique. I created a targeted restriction enzyme to facilitate the hybrid. Absolutely. I would make this an airponic laboratory, and all I would need are a few plants, certain chemicals and equipment. Nothing dangerous. I, I prepared a list. I've already discussed it with Kes, and she is very interested. If you're worried you can't trust me, Captain I only want to do something. Something for the ship. Then what's the problem? Why won't you give me an answer? I just want to do something for the ship. I'm not hungry. (The alert sounds.)  Yes! Yes, Doctor. I hear you. I know. I've been hiding. I think so. [Sickbay] I'm sorry. They're still repairing the ship. I had to be careful. Yes. Opportunity? You're wrong. I do want to help. I'm going to have to kill some of them. I've worked so, so hard over the last few months to control the violent feelings. I'm almost at peace with myself. I mean, I see the day coming when I could be. Yes, there is a logical use for violence for everyone else. With me, once it begins Do you have a portable thoron generator? It's an old Maquis trick. Thoron particles neutralise tricorder sensors. I didn't know what to do. I didn't think I should leave him there where they could find him. Well, we have weapons now. (Suder collapses and curls up on the floor.) No! No drugs. I just need to breathe. See the light that is my breath. [Ready room] Doctor? Activate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme.
