I apologise for the restraints, but your presence here is very important to us. Do you understand? (She speaks slowly, thanks to the extra-large teeth she now has.) I am Sulan, chief surgeon of the Vidiian Sodality. I've performed no surgery as you understand the term. There are several questions I need to ask you before we proceed. Perhaps I was in error to leave your consciousness and memory intact. What is your exact age, Klingon. Very well. I have reconstituted your genome. You are now purely Klingon. I assure you it is. I have developed a procedure to stimulate cell division. A kind of enhanced mitosis. Your Klingon genetic material was extracted. It was then converted from matter to energy by our genetron. Finally you were rematerialised as the purified Klingon specimen that you are now. For generations my people have been searching the quadrant for a species immune to our disease in the hope that it would lead us to a cure. I believe your genetic structure has phage-resistant nucleotide sequences, yes. But I needed a pure specimen to be certain. My people do not know it yet, but you are their greatest hope. You are very strong. I can only hope that you will be truly resistant to the phage. I have infected you. [Barracks] (Durst and Paris are amongst a group of bipeds herded by a pair of Vidiians. One pushes Durst and Paris stops him from fighting back.) Remarkable. One of the symptoms of the early stages of the phage is excruciating joint pain. I find it extraordinary that you can endure it. Some who have been infected have been known to die from the agony itself. It appears you are correct. Your body's successfully fighting off the phage. I am overjoyed. Soon we will begin a series of procedures replicating your genetic code and attempting various methods of integrating your DNA with our own. In time we'll be successful and eliminate the phage forever. When that time comes you will be honoured as a hero by my people. Earlier you accused me of mutilating you. Now you sound positively proud to be Klingon. You have me to thank for that, B'Elanna. Perhaps you'll feel different in time, but I don't blame you for your obstinacy. I would be proud too, with a form as handsome as yours. I believe Klingons are the most impressive species I have ever seen. [Barracks] (A guard brings in a Starfleet woman and leaves her near Paris' bunk.) B'Elanna? How are you feeling today? I sympathise. I'm sorry, I wish there was some I wish it were possible, B'Elanna, but I'm afraid I can't risk releasing you just yet. (He strokes her face.) Forgive me. Please, don't condescend. I may have a grotesque appearance but I assure you my instincts are finely honed, and I do have feelings. Hard as it may be for you to imagine, B'Elanna, my people were once handsome and vigorous like yours, and with your help we will be again. Perhaps when that time comes I will not disgust you quite so much as I do now. [Barracks] (Two Vidiian guards enter.) I thought perhaps this new face would make you more comfortable with me. Yes, B'Elanna, but his organs will save more than a dozen lives. (B'Elanna breaks out of her restraints, pushes Sulan up against a wall and starts to throttle him. A door opens and she leaves.) [Briefing room] B'Elanna, stop. You're right. But if you do not surrender, I will kill her. (Chakotay and Paris enter.) Who are you? No!
