Captain! So the humans claim. These Accords may be a deception. We must verify the evidence. Look at her ridges. Morak was right. Your blood is not pure. Couldn't you see this for yourself? Why didn't you tell us? Not important? We destroyed our ship because you said she was the mother of the Kuvah'Magh. The Prophecy wouldn't lead us to a mongrel child. Who are you? More human blood. Your Kuvah'Magh isn't even half-Klingon. Liar. You've led us to a false saviour. [Corridor] You tell a good story, but that's not why you're here. Some say you are the mother of the Kuvah'Magh, the one who will guide us to a new homeworld. Has your unborn child told you where it is? You deliver the words we want to hear, but it's Kohlar who gives them to you. Are you his puppet in the bedchamber as well? He speaks. I didn't think you had a tongue. You see how he hides behind his female? It is also written that the father of the Kuvah'Magh will be an honourable warrior. Would an honourable warrior ever refuse a challenge? I haven't made one yet. You and I. (T'Greth stabs a kitchen knife into a table.)T'GRETH: To the death. I told you this petaQ was not the true father. The father of the Kuvah'Magh wouldn't let a woman speak for him. A coward's rules. I'll see you on the field of battle. (T'Greth leaves.) I see fear in your eyes, human. Why am I here? The nehret. To prepare for my journey to Sto-Vo-Kor. Can you make me well? Then don't deny me my tradition. [Cargo bay] I was defeated by the nehret. B'Elanna Torres and her child will fall victim to it as well. They both carry it. She told me herself. And stronger than sickness. She cannot be our saviour. We should resume our search. Then we must act alone for the good of our people. We'll wait for the right moment, and when it comes we'll seize Voyager. [Astrometrics lab] I shouldn't have doubted you. It appears the signs were there all along. I'll join the survey mission. I want my final days to be spent in honourable pursuits. Don't ask me to die inside these walls. Now lock on to the bridge officers. Transport the rest of their crew. [Bridge]  The bridge officers? Can you transport us there? Grant me a warrior's death, I beg of you. The nehret? The child cured me?
