Don't worry. Nobody saw us leave. (She removes his comm, badge.( Don't worry. Come here.(She rips off  his uniform jacket, pushes him down onto the bed and straddles him to kiss his chest.) Captain's log, supplemental. After two weeks we're close to repairing the Varro's warp drive. Then there's the Varro crew. I'm starting to think they'd rather give up warp travel than accept help from strangers. [Varro ship - Central control] Come back to bed. Cuddle. I told you we're not going to get caught. If someone had seen us, they would've reported it by now. What are you saying? Making love is a crime in your culture? How romantic. Come back to bed. That's an order. (Kim sits down next to her.)TAL: Are all humans so jumpy? To see what you look like in my uniform. You'll be executed? I can't find the problem. What took you so long? I've been waiting twenty two minutes for you to call. And? Should I feel complimented or insulted? So you liked what happened? [Varro ship - Tal's cabin] KIM [on Enough to try it again? Neither was I. Our species look so similar. Well, at least on the surface. The birds and bees? [Bridge] Besides your quarters? On a distant moon, where the air is warm and the gravity is light. No bulkheads around me. Where, if I walk too quickly, I can almost fly. What about you? Where would you most want to be right now? Besides my cabin. And what would you do if you were here? This very moment. And what if I said no?  Come in. No, I'm just tormenting myself with what ifs. What if I actually had the chance to see that pulsar field? Go there instead of just squinting at it through long range sensors. Too close to an inhabited planet. They might make contact with us. It's too dangerous. It's always the same thing. The mighty generational ship. All we do is run away from anything that's different. But that's going to change. How did she find out? That shouldn't have happened. Our species are too dissimilar. We call it Olan'vora, the shared heart, when two of us merge. You know the biological connection we had last night? It becomes stronger. It won't hurt you, Harry, but it will change you. It'll change both of us. Bring us closer. In time, if we stay away from each other. But if we don't, the more we're together, the harder it will be to stop it. But then, you have your orders. And girl loses boy. At least we had two weeks. Goodbye, Harry. If that's what you want. Harry? By my computer. A ride?(Tal gasps as the transporter beam takes hold of her.) [Shuttlecraft]  Where are we? A shuttlecraft? We can go anywhere we want? You're a fugitive now. How many protocols did you break this time? Let's see. Unauthorised use of a shuttlecraft, kidnapping. I like you crazy. Navigation? Well, they could use a good cleaning. Let's go somewhere. There's a nebula about three hundred thousand kilometres from here. I've been watching it on the sensors for the past few days. Oh, I would love to see it with my own eyes. Maybe you've been taking them for granted. Is that what you say to every girl you take for a ride? I bet you've left a trail of broken hearts across the Delta Quadrant. Problem? You said we had a couple of hours. No one's going to come looking for us. Those things are important. I think about them, too. But sometimes you need to follow a different kind of protocol. If you believe in something strongly enough, you can't ignore it, even if it means breaking a few rules. You're not a programme. In fact, I envy your freedom. I mean, your crew's mission to seek out life. What could be more liberating? You explore the unknown. Don't be afraid to explore what's happening between us. (That is the proximity alarm this time.) Commander Tuvok? Well, you'd better answer them before they open fire. To some of us it's more like a prison. He had nothing to do with our movement. Tell them. It's not a small group. There are hundreds of us. Our freedom. The right to live where we choose, to go where we choose. We're not trying to destroy it. We're trying to dismantle it. The parasites weren't placed randomly. They're targeting the linkages between segments. Each segment will become its own ship. People can decide whether to go or stay. Of the majority. What about the rights of the minority? I'll help you slow down the parasites so you can evacuate the segments in danger. Nothing more. We need another two minutes at least. [Bridge]  Voyager's reinforcing our shields. Surprising, isn't it? A ship of outsiders risking their lives to save ours. Well, maybe the galaxy isn't as hostile as you think. All junctions are clear. What are you waiting for? Tell Voyager to move away. It's too late. You'll only destroy Voyager along with our ship.  How are you feeling? Me, too. We have medications. I'll recover eventually. The Natori system. A pair of binary stars caught in each other's gravity. We passed within a parsec three months ago. Now we're going back for a real look. Anything.
