You're not wanted here. You have been warned. (Later, Voyager is parked a little way off from the array.) This is becoming tiresome, Captain. If you force us to take further aggressive action This is some kind of trick. What would an Ocampa be doing on an alien starship? That is also a long story. No. But I'm willing to come to your ship.  [Briefing room] Captain, are you aware of how your ship is regarded? That when Voyager appears people fear destruction. You've established quite a reputation. You killed the Caretaker, declared war on the Kazon, raided planets for their resources Why should I believe any of this? I will admit these people are hardly what I expected. But more unexpected was finding you here, Kes. I had no idea any Ocampa had left the homeworld so recently. I know. And I'm going to try to answer them. Is this where you spend your time? I want to see where you live. I want to see the place that is special to you. [Airponics]  You did all this? You've done well. Bringing something so beautiful into a place so sterile. Look around you, Kes. This is a cold and barren place. There are people, but there's so little life here. Part of me weeps to see you in this place. You're so isolated. Corridors, bulkheads, all cutting you off from the world around you. Oh, I assure you, it's very different. You're very young, aren't you. Would it surprise you to know I am fourteen years old? You know so little about your own people. There's so much for you to learn about yourself, about the galaxy. Being here on this ship is holding you back. I suppose we were like you once. Innocent, naïve. But when Suspiria brought us here three hundred years ago, she began to teach us how we could become stronger than we ever could have on the homeworld. We don't think of her as a Caretaker. Her species is actually called the Nacene. Nearby. But she's so different from the entity you knew. He was only interested in maintaining the status quo. He kept our people servile and weak. Suspiria taught us to develop our psychokinetic skills that had lain dormant for so long. We have abilities far beyond anything you can imagine. Yes, that's quite common with my people here. Suspiria helped us develop a technology to extend the Ocampa life span three generations ago. My father lived to be twenty years. Possibly. Oh, nothing so corporeal as that. She exists as pure sporocystian energy. She only assumes physical form when we need to communicate with her. I don't know. All I know is, when we need her, she comes. I'll take you to the meeting place. I'm sure all your questions will be answered then. You'll enjoy meeting her, Kes, as well as the other Ocampa here. Visit? Why not stay with us? Yes. I think you could learn a lot from us, we from you. We haven't been in contact with the Ocampa home world for hundreds of years. we'd be fascinated to hear about our distant cousins. She's absolutely right. There's no rush. I might be able to help you. No offence to Mister Tuvok, but I am more familiar with the Ocampa mind. Oh, good. Maybe later this evening. [Engineering] In your mind, visualise your hand. Reach out with that hand and grab the tea cup. Reach out with the fingers of your mind. Grasp it. Do you have it? (Neelix tiptoes in from the kitchen.) Don't try to move it. Just take a drink from it. (The mug slides towards Kes.) See? You can do it. No, you just tried to drink from it. And what would you do if you wanted to take a drink? That's right. But you wouldn't be thinking about picking it up, you'd simply do it, and that's what you just learned. Focus on the goal, not the task. When you wanted the tea, it came to you. We're not finished. I know you're tired, but I want you to try one more thing. It's cold. Wouldn't it taste better if it were hot? See past the liquid, not with your eyes, with your mind. What your eyes show you is only the surface of reality. Look deeper. There is no liquid, there is no cup. There is only a collection of molecules, atoms, moving, vibrating. That's right. But that's enough for tonight. Tomorrow, I'll take you to the next level. Until then, goodnight. (Tanis leaves.) Captain, may I access your communications equipment? I've sent out a subspace carrier wave. Suspiria should respond within the next forty seven hours. I'll be in my quarters. That won't be necessary. I'll know when she's here.  [Tuvok's quarters] How's the Vulcan? Is he going to recover? In a manner of speaking. I was aware of what happened. What's wrong? I'm afraid it isn't going to get any easier, Kes. You're already starting to manifest abilities far beyond anything you've ever imagined. Soon you'll be so far beyond the other beings on this ship that you'll look at them as they look at pets. And I'm sure you care for them very much. I'm sure they're wonderful people. They certainly seem that way to me but, it's time that you began to accept how different you are from them. The people on this ship, they live their lives trapped inside their primitive skulls, depending on flesh and bone to tell them what the universe is like. They don't know what it is to see beyond the physical. Touch it. This is how they know the universe. They touch the flower, their nerve impulses travel up their arm to the brain, and in their mind they sense the moisture of the petals, the texture of the leaves, the sharpness of the thorns, and think they know what it feels like. But they don't. Now touch it. Reach out with your thoughts. Feel it for the very first time. Think of nothing but the flower. It's the only object in the universe. Know it. Know it in a way only an Ocampa can. Can you see it? You can do more. Reach out. Feel all the life in this room. They can be more beautiful. Bring the fire! (Kes stands in a clear space, spreads her arms and moves the molecules in the plants. She collapses in an image of flames.) How did it feel? You felt life. You embraced its essence with your mind, and then you transformed it. There's nothing else like it in the universe. Of course you don't. That's not the point. Help people, hurt them, give life, kill, it's all the same. Once you see beyond the physical, you see the universe as it truly is. Now you know why you can't stay with these people, why you have to come with me. Come back to the station. We'll care for you. We'll train you. Take all the time you want. But when you meet Suspiria, I think you'll decide to join us. Because Suspiria is your future. She's part of us, and we're a part of her. All the Ocampa here are connected in a way that can't be put into words. And if you develop your abilities far enough, Suspiria will invite you to go with her to Exotia. A place the humanoids on this ship call a subspace layer. A place of pure thought, pure energy. A place of the mind. Think about it, Kes. When you're ready, Suspiria will embrace you. Goodnight.  [Engineering] I know. I'm on my way.  [Engineering] It's time to go. Back to the Ocampa station. Everyone's waiting for you, Kes. The connection has been made. You're part of us now. Your future has already begun.  [Engineering] (Tuvok and one Security guard enter. The place is very quiet.)  Can't you feel the connection? Your people are calling to you. Listen to them. And can you hear Suspiria?  [Engineering] (Janeway enters the quiet department.) Kes. Kes, listen to me. There's nothing to worry about. (Neelix appears at the counter with a tray of food.)  Forget these people. You're beyond them. Remember how you felt in the Airponics bay? You've never felt that way in your entire life, have you? That was only the beginning, Kes. Leave him! Leave him, Kes. He's nothing compared to you. Nothing! You have to trust. (Kes wriggles out of Tanis' grasp and stares at him. His eyes and nose start to bleed. Suspiria feels pain, too. Kes goes to Neelix.) Suspiria! [Engineering] (Suspiria falls to her knees. Janeway, Torres and Tuvok fall to the floor. Janeway grabs the anti-sporocystian gun and fires it at Suspiria. She collapses. Tuvok puts a forcefield around her.)  Take me with you, please. (Tanis disappears.) [Engineering]
 Chakotay, why must I be denied what every other female officer on this ship can have? The privilege of your touch. (They kiss.) [Ready room]  Seven of Nine. The Delta Flyer has been found in pieces, on a rocky shore. No sign of her. Seven of Nine, you are my eyes and my ears. If anyone can find her, it is you. My enemies are everywhere without and within. Seven of Nine is Queen of the Borg. Surprised? So was I. Tell her nothing, or I will lose my advantage, and my ship as well. [Delta Flyer] PARIS And if I let you live? You don't believe that. (Janeway throws down the spear.)TANIS: The battle is over. Go home. And again and again, until all your drones and all my crew are destroyed. Until everything we value is gone, and there is nothing left but our hatred. [Backstage]
