(skreech, gurgle) vessel (gurgle) (gurgle) cargo vessel (gurgle) quadrant (gurgle) your location. I am Captain of the cargo vessel Talvath, location Alpha Quadrant, sector one three eight five. What is your location? Please confirm. You said Delta Quadrant? In a Federation starship? Pulled in? How? You are undoubtedly still in the Alpha quadrant. What are your coordinates? This is preposterous. You are obviously lying. I am terminating communication. This is the cargo vessel Talvath. I'd prefer not to give my name. My analysis of your hailing frequency seems to indicate that it originates in the Delta quadrant, but I am not precluding the possibility that you've been able to create that illusion somehow. I'm not sure. That doesn't negate the possibility. You say you are a Federation ship. Are you a Starfleet vessel? And your mission in the Delta quadrant? Aren't you in fact Starfleet spies on a surveillance mission? Soothing words, Captain, but they are only words. Captain, it would ease my apprehension if I could see that you are who you say you are. I have a signal amplifier on board. I've been working to reconfigure the protocols to penetrate the radiation stream of the wormhole. I think it might be possible to establish a visual link between us. I make no promises. Let us proceed one step at a time. Have your officers contact me in order to attempt the visual link. Goodnight. I presume you are Captain Janeway. I am not familiar with this class of ship. I've been in space for over a year, Captain, and am not privy to the latest intelligence, but I'm sure that our operatives provided the government with detailed information about your new ship. I have. They've promised to take the matter under advisement. It is impossible to predict the time table of the Romulan Senate. When they've made their decision I will hear from them. Captain, I am a low ranking scientist, a minor functionary. It is not my place to tell the Romulan Senate to speed up their decision making process. Yes. My wife and my daughter are on Romulus. She is seven months. To my sorrow, no. She'll be two years old before I get back. I knew when I accepted this assignment there would be a price to pay. Perhaps I didn't realise how high that price would be. I cannot guarantee success, but I will try to persuade my superiors to make their decision quickly and positively. I will contact you again. (Transmission ends.) Then you've matched your data transmission to the phase amplitude of our comm. signal? Apparently our intelligence operatives are not doing their job. You clearly have technology that we are unaware of. This would be an incredible breakthrough in subspace field mechanics. A test cylinder of what sort? Ah, I am aware of this mechanism. We use a similar device. I will allow the transport. Congratulations, Captain. You've done it. Very impressive. I understand. I'm afraid I can't permit that, Captain, my government would never allow Starfleet personnel on this ship. I wouldn't want my logs to show that activity. I'll volunteer to transport to your ship and back again. If the procedure is successful, I'll arrange for a troop ship to join me. That would easily accommodate your crew. My congratulations on your remarkable accomplishment. This is an astonishing breakthrough. What year? By your calendar, the year is 2351. I can assure you, Captain, that I would not do anything that might contaminate the future and perhaps harm the Romulan Empire, but, in twenty years I could alert Starfleet not to launch the mission which sent you here. Of course. At the proper time, I will transmit them. If you should find a way back within my lifetime, I'd be an old man, but I would welcome a message from you. I am Telek R'Mor of the Romulan Astrophysical Academy. I wish you luck on your journey.
