What do you want? Good night.  What's the problem? [Celes' quarters] Go [Telfer's quarters] To sleep. With what? Long range scans on that cluster up ahead? [Celes' quarters] It's too complicated [Telfer's quarters] To do over the comm. Either we meet in the mess hall or we wait until tomorrow.  Your only options. [Briefing room]  The analytical aspects of the subspace infrared algorithm are fourfold. You just have to break it down. Think of it as four smaller algorithms. (Janeway enters.) Excuse me, Captain. If we find a planet, we're not planning on exploring the surface, are we? They may have moons. Yes, I am. Really [Telfer's quarters]  I am. I can't go on this mission. No, I can't. No. [Celes' quarters]  Wait! [Sickbay]  See? It's a fever. That's right. Or a multiphasic prion. They attach themselves to the mitochondrial walls and they just You can barely see them. If they migrate to my cell membranes while I'm on the away mission, they could rupture and I Anybody for lunch? Yes, ma'am. Neelix six five one, two servings. What's wrong? Oh, that's just standard procedure. Maybe she's giving you special attention. Me too. There's always the escape pods. So much for warp drive. That should get us to the rendezvous point with Voyager in about ten years. Think they'll wait for us? So one of these things detected the antimatter in our warp core? Yes, I've locked onto the plate. Everything. Let's not talk about it, all right? And you can go back to deck fifteen. At least I have a friend. Don't you ever get lonely down there? I don't believe that. Spend some time with us when we get back. You might enjoy yourself. But could have been caused by something else. With ten percent of our antimatter left we'd only be able to make warp two, but it would be enough to get us back on the road. No response. The torpedo's away. Distance, one thousand kilometres. One thousand five hundred. Oh, no. (Telfer disappears.) Inside me. (Something moves under his skin.) [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] But I can feel it. Oh, it's there. I don't know. It was dark. God, I could feel breathing all around me. I couldn't see. I tried to say something, but there wasn't enough air. I tried to move, but something was pressing down on me. Hypospray. Tetrovaline. It will put me out. If it wanted to get to know me better, it should have just asked me out for a drink. (Janeway activates a forcefield over Telfer.) It's activating my motor neurons. I can't make it stop. I'm sorry, Captain. You've got to stop it. (Janeway phasers Telfer. He staggers backwards) It's in here! (A large alien earwig comes out of him and gets onto a panel.) I could hear its thoughts. When it left me I could hear what it was thinking. Do not belong. That's what it said. Do not belong. I always had this alarm in my head, Sort of an internal Red alert. It was like a warning system that would tell me I was sick or dying, or something. Mitochondrial prions, food poisoning, a head cold. It was always there. It's gone. I don't understand. You'll be disabled, too. Escape pod away. Thrusters at maximum. (The Flyer swoops in and away.)
