We are ready to return to our ship. Could you contact one of your superiors? It is a very irritating programme. Forgive us, Captain. We live in a closed system. We are not accustomed to interacting with other species, especially inferior ones. Very well. No. With your voice. Singing. Yes, do it again. EMH: (sings) Someone's in the kitchen with Dinah, someone's in the kitchen I know. Someone's in the kitchen with Dinah, strummin' on the old banjo and singing Fee fi fiddly i o, Fee fi fiddly i o, Fee fi fiddly i o. Strummin' on the old banjo. It is a unique mathematical variation. How do you suppose the algorithms are generated? Or waveform calculus? There are other kinds of music? Artistic expression? You mean to say that this music is recreational? Maybe we judged this culture too quickly. Could you sing them for us? Captain's log, supplemental. The Qomar have completed repairs to their ship and, surprisingly, have invited us to visit their system. Apparently, it's no longer closed to outsiders. [Bridge] Captain, you now have the privilege of meeting Prelate Koru. Yes, the Doctor. The Doctor could perform in one of the lecture halls at the university. I'll help you make whatever modifications you think are necessary. It's beautiful. We'll replicate it for you. We are prepared to make whatever changes the Doctor thinks are necessary. That sounds exciting. Your crewmates don't seem to appreciate your abilities. That must be very frustrating for you.  We'll be starting in two minutes. You look perfect. I could help you add one to your programme. Why? Your performance tonight will be transmitted to hundreds of millions of people. It's time.(The curtain goes up, and the EMH steps forward onto the stage. He is welcomed with warm applause.) [Bridge]  Here you are. I want to show you something. You inspired me to create my own musical composition. It's based on the intersection of two fractals. I created it for you. Will you sing it? You are not human. I can help you reconfigure your vocal processors. Why does it have to be your last concert? Stay here with us. They're a resourceful crew. I'm certain they will find a way to compensate for your absence. But they don't appreciate you the way we do. You know that. You could have a new life here as a performer, surrounded by people who admire and respect your talent. By any mathematical standard, the medical care of a hundred and fifty people cannot compare to the cultural enrichment of millions. What about the simplest equation of them all? One plus one. The time you have been here has been the most stimulating of my life. Then stay here with me. [Ready room]  Thank you for being so prompt. I had an inspiration. Better. (She calls up a holographic Qomar EMH.) I've solved all our problems. Well, you were reluctant to leave your ship, and you also doubted your ability to sing my composition, so I created a superior holomatrix. It's simple. Now you can stay aboard Voyager, and he can sing for us. Listen. (The new holomatrix can cover many more octaves than the EMH.) Why did you do that? I've duplicated that, too. I did, but now I've developed a far more sophisticated piece of technology. I thought you would be pleased. You seemed reluctant to leave your ship. It was. You inspired me to do my greatest work. Yes? What? Of course you are. It will be your farewell performance. Thank you, Doctor. That was fascinating. It is because of your inspiration that I can now present to you a new and exciting musical programme. A singing holographic matrix designed specifically to extend the range of humanoid vocal capabilities, singing my own musical composition. (The Qomar holomatrix takes the stage and performs the sound composition. Its multi-tonal section complete with whistling kettle receives applause from the Qomar, and leaves the humans completely nonplussed.) [Ready room]
