I was hoping I might sample a food item I noted earlier in your data files. Hasperat. I want to broaden my palate while I'm here, in the interest of better understanding. Mmm. Ah. Mmm. Ah, the texture is so frothy. It seems to be evaporating in my mouth. You're right. Engineering, your warp core. I must see that. (A crewman and woman sit at another table.) TOMIN: In our society, males and females work separately, but I can see the wisdom of your approach. Promotes a more stimulating environment. Yes, it is. But I think I can forego this service and perform the appropriate penance later. It's more important that I continue exploring your culture. Perhaps another dessert? [Cargo Bay two] Neelix! My friend, my host, my saviour. Neelix, I want you to meet, Alandra and Tria. I'm sampling yet another entrée on the menu of pleasure that you have opened up for me. Neelix, I decided to go exploring and I found your holodecks, where I discovered this little gem still simmering in the memory buffer. Pungent taste. What is it? No coffee on our colony. Nothing to tempt the appetite of even the most weak-willed novitiate. Neelix, a confession. I am thinking of leaving the colony, joining Voyager. I want to throw off my vows and immerse myself in your wonderful culture. No, I've never been more clear-headed about anything, and I have you to thank. This humour, it's a revelation. (Tomin has a drink in each hand.) Coffee. Yes, I'll have that too. Go. Where's the funny man? Oh, there he is, there he is. Ensign Paris, tell us another one of those hologram jokes. There he is, the Ambassador of humour. Who is that extraordinary female? I want to meet her. Hey, why don't we go back to my quarters? I've studied human mating rituals. Did you hear what she said to me? I am the guest of honour! No! I'm not leaving! I want another drink. (Tomin staggers, falls, and passes out.) [Sickbay] Oh, Seven of mine. Assimilate me. Please.  Er, could we walk a little slower? But my throat feels like an ancient parchment. Can't we go back to Sandrine's for a refreshing glass of Those doors, they're so loud Neelix, I don't remember much of last night but, I imagine I might have said some things. Yes. Neelix, you've been most patient. Of course not. Your Holiness? I see your point.
