Have some dinner. The potato salad isn't half bad. It was through Chakotay. I met him. Well, actually, he saved my life Seven, what is this? Okay, that's it. I've never been in long term stasis. Are there any side effects? Oh, come on, Tom. Where's your spirit of adventure? Coward. Have some soup. It's actually edible. Well, we all owe you.
Good morning. Sleep well? I just thought I'd stop by and ask you why you didn't meet me for breakfast. Seven forty. I was there. Right after I got off the night shift. I waited, and I waited, and I called you on the comm. You don't have time. You're due on the bridge at oh eight hundred and I've got to get some sleep. I'm off Friday night. We went skiing last time. I just thought maybe we could run a programme where the wind chill factor wasn't thirty below zero. Like Fiji, or Samoa. And you can be warm while you're not doing it. A compromise? How about Tahiti? You're on. (they kiss) Now go get dressed, so you'll still have some time to stop for some coffee. Computer, increase facial ridge height by four centimetres. Computer, increase the space between the eyes by three centimetres. Increase skin colour and texture. If he is, we've all been imagining the exact same thing. What's that? Talk about a nightmare. Well, if it isn't Sleeping Beauty. Have a seat. We were just trading dream stories. Who was she, Harry? I wonder what a Vulcan nightmare would be like. Oh, come on, Tuvok. There's a localised [Engineering] Dampening field around the ship, Captain. [Bridge] TORRES I checked the Jefferies tubes. They're sealed. What's wrong? What are you talking about. (Aliens grab Chakotay's arms.)TORRES: Chakotay!(He manages the three taps.) [Sickbay] I don't know, but that's what Chakotay said right before he vanished. He said something about still being asleep and then he started tapping the back of his hand like he said he would to wake up from his lucid dream. And then he disappeared. The question is, where did he go? Tuvok? Now I'm lost. Not what? Trust me, Neelix. I wish I weren't, but I'm here. You mean we're all sharing the same dream? Their dampening field has shut down the warp core. It looks like they're using harmonic inversion technology. If I can isolate the containment frequency, I may be able to get main power I don't understand. I'm trying. It's not working. We've got to get out of here. I'm trying to put a containment field around Engineering. Got it! Let's move! You'll be killed! A warp core explosion should have destroyed the ship. Now that we know this is a dream, what do we do?
 So, I finally get to meet the other woman. When have you ever known me to be critical? It's beautiful. I can hardly believe it's the same ship. It's almost a shame to break this over the hull. I'll send an Engineering team down to clean it up. To Alice. So when's her first flight? Sure there's room? We'll manage. (Alice beeps.) Something wrong? It is kind of warm in here, isn't it? That's some voice. Maybe I should be. I hear you've been sleeping here. Sounds like a real slave driver. Well, if you're trying to make improvements, you might want to start with these reactant injectors. The deuterium mix is too high. I was just trying to help. We? It's a ship, Tom. Well then, maybe I'll leave the two of you alone. Thanks for the champagne. (Torres touches the door control and gets a shock.)TORRES: Ow! Keep at it. The last thing we need is a temperamental power supply. Bad night with Tom Paris. You're his best friend, right? So maybe you can explain why every time he finds a new hobby, I go right out the airlock. Until the next infatuation. We've got a point zero zero three drop in the warp field output. Not on my watch. Somebody's removed four power cells from the secondary warp assembly without authorisation. Don't bother. This is an open and shut case. [Shuttlebay]  Torres to the bridge. Torres to Chakotay. Anybody! (Paris enters the shuttlebay and sees Torres hammering on the front window, just before she collapses.) Let me out of here! [Corridor] Your ship tried to kill me. It sealed the hatch, vented the atmosphere. Don't you try to tell me this was an accident. How about pilot error? What's gotten into you? You've been stealing components, Tom. I found the power cells. Am I? To talk to the Captain. There's something wrong with you. Are you out of your mind? Or what? You'll sic Alice on me again? (Torres runs off.) This wasn't a lovers' quarrel. Captain, he practically assaulted me. It wasn't Tom. It was Alice. That's the name that he's calling this new ship. Ever since he started working on it, he hasn't slept, he's become irritable, irrational. It's not just me. Chakotay and Harry have noticed the same thing. Exactly. It must be having some kind of an effect on him. He's disrupting our tractor beam. He masked his warp signature. He's gone. [Alice] Captain? [Bridge] I'm not sure how I feel about getting inside Tom's head. Don't believe her. There is no Alice. She's a pile of circuits in the ship's computer core. You're letting a programme delude you. [Sickbay] You're still dreaming, And when you wake up you're in for a big surprise. So do I. Tom, it's me. B'Elanna. Alice is an illusion. Focus on me. Listen to me. It's time to come home. Hang on. We're going to get you out of here. If he doesn't, I'll break his legs. I've got something for you. It's a get well card from Naomi Wildman. It's a pretty good likeness of you, but I don't think she quite captured my eyes. It wasn't your fault. The important thing is, you woke up. Any time. What about the Delta Flyer?
What happened? Torres to Voyager. We have a medical emergency. Beam Kes and Neelix directly to sickbay. We aren't going anywhere until we find out what happened to her. What kind of energy was she exposed to? One of our crew has been critically injured. We aren't going to stand by and do nothing. If you prevent us from helping Kes, we will hold you directly responsible for anything that happens to her.
Basically, we've run aground on a subspace sandbar. I've tried realigning the warp field, reversing hull polarity. As long as we're trapped here we won't have access to the computer core, tactical, holodecks, and all but six replicators. Captain? Now that we have your blessing. The warp core has been powered down. The thrusters at standby. We're approaching the subspace boundary. Captain, I'm reading power surges. Unknown, but they look like weapon signatures.  What's the emergency? Congratulations. Why do you need me? Well, if your mission fails, you could be taking up permanent residence. You're all set. The new parameters will activate as soon as you enter the holodeck. Break a leg. [Corridor] The alien weapons fire is increasing. It's causing the distortions to grow larger. We're being pulled deeper into subspace. [Holodeck - Proton's ship] We're realigning with normal space.
The matter-antimatter reaction is still active, but this field we're stuck in is raising hell with the nacelles. Until we break orbit, warp drive is offline. It does pose a bit of a problem, doesn't it? Sensors aren't having an easy time of it either. Snapshots. Why do I get the feeling you're not just interested in tachyon fields? Watch them discover new and better ways of beating each other over the head. As opposed to the Human model? It'll take a few hours to make the adjustments. So we'll watch the next one. [Planet surface - Renaissance] Elevated levels of carbon monoxide, ammonium. That's progress, all right. Well, one thing hasn't changed. The geological disturbances that Voyager seems to be causing. The probe recorded half a dozen each month. Still no way to tell how severe they are. Do you think they're using it to support their buildings? The probe's impulse thrusters are starting to fail. At its present altitude, it's been operating for over two hundred years. Its orbit is becoming decayed. It disintegrated in the upper thermosphere. If they saw anything, it just looked like a shooting star. [Planet surface - observatory] Don't forget the temporal differential. That man has been dead This will speed up the scanning rate of your programme, allow you to make the transition. One, two, three. It's the temporal field. We'll have to recalibrate. Locking on again. Acknowledged. [Transporter room]  I've reinitialised the confinement beam. It's holding. Years? Doric? What do you mean? See you in Sickbay. I'll download the data from your programme and we'll do a little cosmetic surgery, too. Unless you prefer looking like that.
Aye, Captain. Let's hope he doesn't meet up with these savage aggressors first.
Thanks. What is it? Cute.  That can't be right. We tested this engine molecule by molecule. Yes. They could map the threshold of the Slipstream as it's forming and send the phase corrections back to us. That is a great idea, Harry.
Welcome home. Homesick, Harry? Close your eyes.  Come on. So what do you think? Circa 1956. I replicated the components, but I assembled it myself. This is the remote control. You select what you want to watch by pressing this button. (A simple remote with just four buttons.) I took a little poetic license. I found them in the ship's database. (He changes channels.)TV: Vacuum Action! Mop, mop, don't stopPARIS: What's that? That is called a jingle. According to the research I did, they inserted them into the entertainment programs. I know, it's confusing, but I kept them in for authenticity. I even replicated popcorn. What? I can fix that. (Paris switches back to the old cartoon, Daffy Duck and the Dinosaur.)TORRES: You didn't miss much while you were away. The Doctor gave a lecture on insects indigenous to the Delta Quadrant. It was pretty boring, until Ensign Farley started snoring and then no one could keep a straight face. Of course, the Doctor wasn't at all amused. It was a shame that we had to cut the lecture short, but the warp core overloaded and then the Borg invaded and we were all assimilated. You haven't heard a single thing I've said, have you? Maybe this was a bad idea. (Later, Paris is on to The Untouchables. Torres has fallen asleep on the couch.)TV: This is Eliot Ness. Come out, we don't want any trouble! (During a gun fight, the picture How about a nice cartoon? That should chase away the nightmare. Missed you at breakfast. Sleep a little? I found another episode of The Untouchables. Elliot Ness captures somebody named Al Caypone. Well, you've got to eat something. Pizza? Tom. I know the last few days have been difficult. You don't know that. The Doctor says your memories could have been altered. Then why isn't there evidence of a wound? All I'm asking is that you consider the possibility that this didn't happen. We'll keep investigating. There are sensor readings on the Delta Flyer that we haven't even analysed yet. Try. You know where to find me. [Astrometrics lab]
 Three, two, one, mark.(The warp core is deactivated.) [Bridge] Go ahead. Acknowledged. Well, I've traced the problem to a series of gel packs on deck thirteen. It looks like they were burned out by an EM discharge from the nebula. I'm on my way to repair it right now. Feel like giving me a hand? There's no trace of any EM discharge. No, it moved. The discharge seems to be travelling through the bio-neural circuitry, jumping from system to system. It's in a series of gel packs that interface with the environmental controls outside Cargo Bay two. The computer's not accepting my command codes. The forcefield's down. What happened? Some kind of electromagnetic lifeform that's using the environmental controls to make the ship more hospitable for itself. Captain. Bad news. The lifeform's infiltrated the main computer matrix. But we can't purge it from the main computer without crashing the few systems we have left. Sounds like a comm. system malfunction to me. I'll try. We may not be able to eject the pods.
If you ask me, that whole programme is an accident waiting to happen. You've been running Fair Haven around the clock. Just yesterday, I had to replace three holo-emitters. Whatever you say. But, when your quaint little seaside town starts to depolarise, don't come running to me. Just don't blow out any more holo-emitters. [Fair Haven - street at night] It looks like we've worn out our welcome. There are damaged subroutines in all of the character files. Saint Mary's. Looks like some of your parishioners are holding them captive. Well, then let's just pull the plug. Cut power to the hologrid. Exactly. You can't be certain. With all due respect, Captain. Michael can be reprogrammed. Tom and Harry can't. Aye, Captain.  If we're going to retain the programme, we can't keep running it around the clock. Not ever. We've pushed the limits of holotechnology and they pushed back. If we try it again, we're just asking for trouble. What about the characters. Should I purge their memories of the last few days?
 What's our Borg Queen want now? We need to route at least another five terawatts to the sensor array. [Turbolift] What's this I'm guilty of? Failure to utilise expertise? Believe me, I've tried. When I give him more responsibility he doesn't do the work. Harren wants to be down on deck fifteen. It gives him more time to repostulate the origins of the universe. Forget it. I've got my own problems to fix, remember? It's not my job to make everybody who works for me happy. Some people just don't want to fit in. Well, Mister Considerate, why don't you go over there right now and offer him some encouragement. His first away mission, I'm sure he could use it. (Paris does.) Well?
 Kes? Evacuate Engineering.(Kes ducks under the railing and puts her hands onto the core.) [Bridge]  Torres to bridge. Kes is in direct contact with the warp core. [Bridge] TORRES Well, if you have any questions, let me know. We're about to run a diagnostic on the warp core assembly. You can watch if you want. They wouldn't give up that easily. We'd have to drop to impulse to get through. The Maquis used to lure the Cardassians into the Badlands. Those Galor class cruisers had nowhere to run. We'd need a more accurate scan of the region. If we even graze one of those vacuoles She's drawing power from it somehow. Problem? (Tuvok looks at the warp core and sees the moment when Old Kes kills Torres. He grabs his head and staggers)TORRES: Hey. (Tuvok collapses and begins to convulse.)TORRES: Torres to Sickbay, medical emergency. [Sickbay - 2371] You heard her, get moving. Now! [Bridge]
Engineering to Bridge. We're ready to begin transporter pre-sequencing, Captain. Correct me if I'm wrong, Doctor, but we're talking about a cloud sample large enough to contain a few subatomic particles, right? Don't worry. We do this all the time. Pre-sequencing complete, Captain. I'm ready to begin transport. Targeting scanners. Locking on. Energise. (The container fills with purple-grey mist.) Captain, we have the sample aboard. The containment field is holding. Good luck, Doctor.  [Mess hall]
 So we're just going to abandon them on this planet? I can't believe we haven't been able to find a cure for an insect bite. You talk as though it were a camping trip. They have to spend the rest of their lives down there.  This diagnostic report looks like it was written by a first-year Academy cadet. There are mistakes. It's incomplete. We've all been distracted, Ensign. That's no excuse. I can't get anything done here. Nobody can concentrate. I'm not feeling so terrific myself, but I don't let that get in the way of my work. How do you think they're taking it? This isn't a Starfleet issue, Harry. It's affecting everyone. Do what? Well, that's all well and good, but frankly, I can't think of anything else we can do. If you have any ideas, I'll listen. Otherwise, I think we should take a deep breath and move on. [Planet surface] (Janeway has let her hair down and changed into a dress. She checks her bug traps. Chakotay returns from the woods in leather jerkin, shirt and jeans.) Sure did. I'm listening.  Torres here, sir. We're ready to eject the antimatter container. [Bridge]  We're ready down here. [Bridge]  Ejecting the antimatter container now. [Sickbay]
(human-Klingon woman) A fuel line has ruptured. Attempting to compensate. Damn it! We're barely maintaining impulse. I can't get any more out of it. How am I supposed to be creative with a thirty nine year old rebuilt engine? Take the weapons offline. We'll transfer all power to the engines. What does it matter? We're not making a dent in their shields anyway! You wanted creative. We'll find out. No! (She leaps off the bed, pushes the doctor away and tries to force open the door. The nurse summons help as Torres beats up the doctor. Two medics enter and hold her as the doctor gives her a hypo to knock her out again.) Captain's log, stardate 48315.6. We've traced the energy pulses from the array to the fifth planet of the neighbouring system and believe they may have been used in some fashion to transport Kim and Torres to the planet's surface.  [Ready room] Who are you? What was Starfleet doing at that array? You mean you were trying to capture us. I don't find this at all amusing, Starfleet. What are they doing to us? What are these things growing on us? You're right, Starfleet. It's the Klingon half of me. It's just it's hard to control it sometimes. B'Elanna. B'Elanna Torres. (The door opens.) Why are you holding us here? But before that, you lived on the surface? Does the Caretaker provide your meals too? Their protection? We weren't sick until we met your Caretaker. There have been others? Like us? Where are they? What makes you think any of them are still alive? (Torres winces.) No. Are you watching us? I thought we weren't supposed to be your prisoners. What do you say? Can you get us tools to dig with? Come on. Don't let it beat you, Starfleet. Come on. All right. It's all right. We'll rest a minute. Trust me, it's more trouble than it's worth. We're not finished yet. I know a few things that old Sneezy didn't teach in his survival course. Commander Zakarian, remember? He must have been allergic to everything. Actually made it into the second year before we, er, we mutually agreed that it wasn't the place for me. Shush. Listen. They're getting faster. (The pulses are almost constant.)  [Ocampa settlement] (The group are going up an escalator when the pulses stop.) Neither of us has enough fire power to stop that ship. What do you think you're doing? That Array is the only way we have to get back home. What other way home is there? Who is she to be making these decisions for all of us?
 Ensign Hogan, still no luck with the warp drive? Was there any indication yesterday that there was something wrong? I guess we'll just have to get in there and track it down. [Mess hall] Lieutenant Tuvok, report to Engineering immediately. Sorry I'm late. These are the duty logs from last night. Lon Suder was the only one in Engineering when Frank Darwin came on duty. As a Maquis, he did what he had to do a little too well. In the Maquis, we didn't ask for resumes. We needed all the help we could get.
What's wrong with the sight lines? You're right. They won't be able to see anything but the top of your head. The glare could blind them. You really think they're going to redesign an entire building just to appeal to your vanity? I'm an Engineer, not a costume designer. Arrogance and self-absorption? Just trying to help. You sure you want to do that? If you give one of your fans a heart attack you won't be able to resuscitate him. For what? Well, I'm surprised you're asking me for help. I recall your saying that my appreciation for music was limited to a smattering of Klingon drinking songs. What's so important about this composition? Your girlfriend? Don't tell me you two had a fight. Look, Doc, I don't know anything about this woman or why she doesn't appreciate you, and I may not be an expert on music, but I'm a pretty good engineer. I can expand your musical subroutines all you like. I can even reprogramme you to be a whistling teapot. But, if I do that, it won't be you anymore. [On stage]
 I'm not detecting any debris. It's a gravimetric shear. I can't establish a field. That won't be enough. We've got to find a way to counter the gravitational pull. It's out of phase with normal space. Even after recalibrating the sensors, it barely registers. It'll take a little time to reconfigure the targeting scanners but, with a little luck, it should work. I don't see why not. I've completed the reconfiguration, but we're only going to be able to relay one transporter beam through the probe. Yes, ma'am. [Noss's ship] Stand by. I've got a lock on their beacon.  Fifteen seconds. Fourteen. Thirteen. [Planet surface]  Nine. Eight. Seven. [Noss's ship]  Four. Three. Two.
Good. (to other crew) Set up secondary forcefields around every hatch, Jefferies tube and conduit leading into this room. I want every one of these consoles secured. Authorised command codes only. I'm going to lock down the warp core. Ensign, realign the dilithium matrix to a  Transporters are ready. I can establish a lock on the creature at any time, but I still haven't duplicated the deflector protocols to open a singularity. I need another hour, maybe two. [Bridge]
No, thank you. You probably just didn't notice. Well, apparently you aren't as observant as you think you are. I've been coming in here the same time every day, for the past two weeks. Me, too. I don't really like crowds. I don't think so. Yeah. Still want to get together? No. Enjoy your day. First Officer's log, stardate 54597.9. After restoring primary systems, we've left the nebula to try to find the crew. Though there's still a lot of damage, we have been able to reconfigure sensors to detect subspace mines. Ensign Kim's been running continuous scans but there's still no sign of our people. On the bright side, the ships that were searching for us seem to have given up. With only four people on board, repairs are going slowly. [Engineering] You don't give up, do you? Let me guess. You're going to invite me to take a walk by the river, or maybe to your living quarters to admire the view. No. No, it's nice. I'm the one who should be apologising. I shouldn't have assumed Look, it's rare that I admit I'm wrong so you might as well take advantage of it while you can. It's been hard, being alone with a baby coming. I have a habit of keeping my guard up. It's just, a romantic relationship is really out of the question for me right now, and when you started asking What? Thanks. Stop worrying. I'll be fine. The baby will be fine, too. (Torres leaves. Neelix and Chakotay follow her out.) It was my fault. I should watch where I'm going. How do you know my name? That's a ridiculous statement. Look, I'm sorry, but I'm late for work. (Chakotay drags her off the street.) Let go of me! No. (Torres punches Chakotay. Neelix grabs her from behind.) Security, help!  Help me!  No, leave me alone. No, don't touch me! (Meanwhile, Tuvok is being brainwashed for the second time, and Janeway and Jaffen are kissing.) [Gantry] It isn't possible. He watches cartoons. How do I know that? I wondered why he was so protective of me.  Smells good. They're good. I'm not experiencing time travel. Personal logs. They're not mine. They're Tom's. Well, he is my husband. They're private. But the way he describes me. I guess so. It's still a little foggy. Yeah, but what about the guy who recorded these logs? [Ready room] We do. Chakotay was supposed to deactivate the shield grid so we could transport you and the others to safety. If you could find a way to shut down main power, the shield grid will go down too. Transporters are offline. [Power Distribution Plant] Five. Transporters are coming online now. (Seven is beamed away, then Chakotay and Tuvok. Janeway is taken from Jaffen's side.) ECH log, supplemental. All the crew have been transported back to Voyager. Thanks to my experience with Lieutenant Torres, their treatment is proceeding rapidly. While they're recovering I still have a few command duties left to perform. [Briefing room] For taking care of me, even when you didn't know who I was. (Then she punches his arm.) Flirting with your customers.
  If these readings are right, we're looking at a yield of nearly a  kiloton. That would be enough gallicite to completely refit the warp  coils.  Aye, Captain. [Engineering]   These tunnels are clearly artificial. Someone else must've been  interested in digging up this gallicite.  True, but we have to be careful. There's been a lot of seismic  activity down there. Look, theses tunnels are completely collapsed. We  should bring Tom Paris on the away team. He's had quite a lot of rock  climbing experience.  Great. You two can be our safety experts.  We're done here, yes.  What?  This is, er, a little sudden, isn't it? Besides, I thought that  Vulcan marriages were arranged. Don't you already have somebody back  home?  And you've chosen me?  But you're Vulcan. I am half-Klingon. I really can't imagine  Wait, please. Please, I'm. I see that you've given this a lot  of, er, logical thought and I really am very flattered, but my answer  is no. I'm sorry.  I'll worry about my choices myself, thank you.  Okay, that's enough.  So what's wrong with him?  Meaning what?  Ah, you two are awfully prompt.  Oh, it'll take a little more work than that to impress me,  Lieutenant.  All right. Let me show you our target area.  He's not coming. This seems to be the most accessible vein of  gallicite. We'll beam to the surface, then go down through this  passageway until it  dead ends in this chamber. Then we'll descend almost fifty metres,  almost straight down. Do you see any problem with that, Tom?  Good. You're all set, Neelix?  In other words, you're ready. Let's go. [Planet  surface] (They  beam down near dressed stone blocks and a stone path with steps.)  This way.  Well, we'll send down an archaeological team later on. Right  now we've got our own work to do.  I just don't see any point in wasting time. Unless, of course,  you want to stall to put off demonstrating your climbing expertise.  If you're looking for exhilaration.  (They stand on the edge of a cliff.)  We're prepared for this. We can handle it. Let's go.  (to Neelix) You go first. I'll follow you.  You're right. My heart is pumping faster.  Oh, I'm just getting warmed up.  (Neelix's piton comes free at the top, and he tumbles to the base of  the cliff.)  You, you almost got us both killed.  You had no business rigging safety equipment when you had no  idea what you were doing!  I'm fine, no thanks to you two. I would have been better coming  down here alone.  Just drag him to the ship. I'll get the gallicite myself.  You get your hands off of me.  (Torres bites Paris' cheek.)  Nothing. I'm in charge of this mission. I'll finish it.  Tom. Come here. You've got to see this.  Fine. This is an active power system. It must've been built by  the colonists.  No, no. This is my discovery. It's my mission. You don't  understand. This is the source of the gallicite readings. These  conduits are covered with gallicite plating. It's exactly what we need,  and I found it.  Pon what?  I lost my temper for a minute, that's all. Why are you all  staring at me like that?  Just leave me alone.  (A figure forward from the rock face, then more. They are armed.)  What's that?  There must be a hidden door, some kind of a passageway.  Then you're using it wrong.  We can't leave Chakotay and Tuvok.  Why does everybody keep saying there's something wrong with me?      Tuvok must be wrong about this Pon farr business. It doesn't make any  sense.  I don't see what's so strange.  I know what it means. All right, so maybe I do feel something,  some kind of instinct. What am I supposed to do about it?  I am not helping that Vulcan petaQ! The idea of bonding with  him, it's ludicrous! What's this?  (A rockfall.)  Well, they're in the way.  Let go!  Never pick a fight with a Klingon, Tom.  Afraid I'll break your arm? You should be.  I think it is. See, I have picked up your scent, Tom. I've  tasted your blood.  Maybe, maybe we should continue separately.  You don't know how strong, how hard it is to fight this urge.  I wouldn't go that far.  Not much choice.  (More rocks fall.)  We should use that weapon. It's worth the risk now.  What?  You don't know anything. I feel like I'm crawling out of my  skin. I need to do something. I can't take this.  (She pushes Paris to the ground and straddles him. He pushes her off.)  You've never been hard to get, Tom.  Oh, I'll bet you wish you could. All those invitations to  dinner. And on the holodeck, the way you would stare at me when you  thought I wasn't looking, and get jealous when I'm with someone else.  You can't tell me you're not interested in me.  Then don't push me away.  No. No, it isn't. I was, I was just afraid to admit it. You  see, I've wanted this for so long.  (She kisses him.)  Just let it happen.  (More kisses.)  You'd let me go insane rather than help me?  You just stay away from me. [Holodeck  - Paxau resort] Where are we?  The caves? The gallicite. Where's my tricorder?  No, I don't.  (The rockfall is broken through from the other side.)  Tom.  Be quiet.  (She leads him away, then nuzzles his hand and his neck.)  Maybe later.  Well, what are you doing?  Then show it.  (Paris struggles a little. They roll around then Paris is lifted up.)  What are you doing here?  I am not your mate!  If anyone is going to smash your arrogant little face in, I will!  I take your challenge myself.  Yes. Yes, I'm fine. Thanks. The refit is going well. We should  have new warp coils by the end of the week.  You're right. We have to pretend that the whole mission didn't  happen.  Look, Tom, I really appreciate what you did, what you were  willing to do for me. But as far as I'm concerned, I was under the  influence of some weird Vulcan chemical imbalance, and, and whatever I  did, whatever I said, it wasn't me.  Careful what you wish for, Lieutenant. [Planet  surface]
 She was forty six metres, ninety two metric tons, powered by a third generation ion drive, and equipped with a transpectral imager. It's nothing compared to what they're going through. They're really getting knocked around in there. They're approaching the anomaly's core. We've lost sensor contact. I'll take your word for it. There's nothing on the sensors. Dark matter. I've got a spatial disturbance three million kilometres away. It's a dark matter asteroid. But it's a safe bet it won't be a gentle nudge. At this rate it'll impact in fifty six seconds.  Thirty seconds to impact. They're still not clear.  Twenty seconds. (The asteroid his the anomoly, sending ripples through it. One of them disconnects the Flyer from the Ares IV and sends it tumbling backwards. Chakotay gets an electric shock from his console.) You said all the energy conduits are fused? What if I could get you an old manifold? The command module may be three centuries old, but the power distribution system isn't that different from the Flyer's. Right here. This control panel in the main cockpit. It was called an ion distributor. With a few tweaks it could be modified to channel warp plasma. The anomaly's submerging. (Things on the Flyer are going bang.) Captain? We'll be pulled right in with them. We're too close.
And whenever you're ready, your old shift is waiting for you in Engineering.  One minute early. An alignment error has been cropping up in the dilithium matrix. We can't seem to figure out what's causing it. I, I know that you're still settling in so I'll give you a couple of days to Excuse me? Try me. You were speaking Kobali. Well, whatever you did, the alignment error is gone. Nice job. I think there might be a few crumpled dances in the warp core, too. Feel like taking a look? [Astrometrics lab] You weren't supposed to come back.
You've never been there? That sounds wonderful. I can't isolate it. We'll have to check through all of them. Well, I'm sure he would if you asked him. Harry, you got a minute? Good. Then we'll get started first thing in the morning. Actually, getting some rest sounded like a pretty good idea. Why don't you go on without me. (Kim and Jessen leave.) No, really, I insist. [B'Elanna's dream - Bedroom] (A tapping on the bathroom window gets her out of bed. She opens it and a young man climbs in to kiss her.) What took you so long? (She tears his clothes off and they tumble onto the bed.) Shush. [B'Elanna's quarters] What. I guess, I guess I must have slept right through it. Sorry. Yes, of course. I'll be there in a minute. [Corridor] I'll make up the time. It won't happen again. I'm fine. I mean there's nothing wrong. I was only late because I've been having these dreams. They're very intense, that's all. [Engineering] No, just the opposite. They are the most sensual dreams I've ever had in my life. And they feel absolutely real. Nobody you know. Actually, he's nobody I know, either. He's Enaran. No. No. In the dreams, I know him. More than that, I'm in love with him. Oh, but it's not really me in the dream, it's somebody else entirely. In a way, it's liberating. If you say a word about this to anyone Like Dathan? He came up to me on the street. I couldn't help it. What isn't fair is that you treat him like everybody else. He's different. If you'd just talk to him you'd understand that. I'm sure. He's gone. (Dathan comes out from behind the bathroom curtain.) He's leaving for work soon. It's safer to wait. I hope so! (Dathan nuzzles her neck, then Torres becomes alarmed and pushes him away. Dathan's face is burnt. Torres wakes up in fright.) [Chakotay's office]  We've completed the modifications on the primary EPS conduits. I have a crew starting on the backup systems. Yes. We'll have to pull some longer shifts, but two more days should do it. Those dreams I've been having, they're getting kind of strange. Last night, in the middle of the dream, I was kissing him, my lover, and suddenly he was dead, burned. But there's more going on than just a love affair. I'm having a relationship with this man, but my father doesn't approve, so we have to sneak around. It's like each new dream advances the story. It feels like it's actually happening! Physically, emotionally, it's no different from real life. I've never had dreams like this before. Exactly. I want to find out more about what these Enarans can do. I'm going to. Right. (Torres walks out and down the corridor, and goes into -) [B'Elanna's dream - Town square] (Jareth is at a podium, addressing a crowd of young people, including Korenna.) What are you doing here? I'm glad you came. I know this award will help me get into the District Education Centre. I could be a junior instructor in less than a year. Maybe you could take the entrance examination too. Nothing is impossible if you want it badly enough. I want us to be together. Oh, I know. What would you do if you could? No, no. There's going to be a big dinner with my father's friends. Tomorrow. (Dathan leaves her to join a line of Enarans walking past guards, and having their IDs scanned. The bell must be a curfew for the lower orders.) What happened? I was dreaming again. Implanted? By the Enarans? No, I was alone every time. I won't have any more of the dreams? If the dreams stop, I'll never know what happens to these people. This woman, Korenna, I feel what she feels, and right now she is torn and confused about her loyalties and I don't know what I'm, she's going to do. I'd like to come with you, Captain. I'd rest a lot better if I had some answers. [Ready room] Are you saying that I'm making this all up? Nothing really happened the way I remember it? I don't know. Those dreams are so real. Maybe he's right. I'll talk to Jessen and Mirell. They've been working with me in Engineering. But This is all voluntary, isn't it? They want to be resettled. If that's the way they want to live, why can't they? They could do that here, in their village. Then it's dangerous to have them living here. But some of them want to stay here. You'll have a new place to live with your own kind. You'll be much happier there. He couldn't be leaving today. I didn't even know that he was. You put his name there, didn't you. To keep him away from me? Computer, locate Jora Mirell. I'll get you to Sickbay. You are Korenna? These are your memories. Why give them to me? Who did? I don't understand. (Mirell grabs Torres and pulls her close.) [B'Elanna's dream - Bedroom] (Korenna is playing the Enaran instrument when she hears tapping at her bathroom window. She lets Dathan in.) My father's home. If he hears you One of your friends made some trouble on the resettlement line today. You were on the list, too. Where were you? You're asking me to abandon my family, my career. It's just a resettlement. There could be a perfectly good reason for that. It's ridiculous! No one is being killed. My father told me about No, my father is a good man. No, I Come in. I was just practising. I've been better. Maybe he thought he had a reason. Maybe he was afraid. Why would they do that? But, what they're saying is so horrible. No. Yes! Yes! Yes! [B'Elanna's dream - Town square a few years later] Because they didn't want to live with the rest of us anymore. The Regressive people had very strange ideas about how to live. They didn't want to learn new things or use any of the new technology that we tried to share with them. They decided to live somewhere else on their own and we let them go. But they couldn't take very good care of themselves. They fought with each other, they spread all kinds of diseases. They destroyed themselves. It was very sad. But we can learn from their mistakes. That's why we keep this gate here, to remind us never to be stubborn and backward like they were. I know you will. (Torres wakes up. Mirell is dead.) [Mess hall] (In orbit of Enara.) Murderers! You tried to hide what you did, but I know. I saw everything. The Regressives, the executions, wiping out an entire population and then blaming them for it. No, that's what you've been doing all along. Hiding the truth. Hoping it would just die away quietly. Please, this has to come out. My dreams. They are real memories from Jora Mirell. When she, when all of them were younger, there was a group of people they called Regressives. They just wanted to lead a different kind of life. But, but they don't exist anymore, do they? You exterminated them. You've spent you whole life covering it up, but then you realised that someone was passing the memories on to me, so you, you used me to figure out who it was and then you killed her. But you know, you were too late. Because Korenna gave me the last of her memories before she died. No. They made it look like it was natural causes. Of course she would say that. She was afraid for her life. It is the truth. I know that you don't want to believe it. In fact, they're counting on that. They always have. No. I know that it's easier for you to believe that I'm crazy or hallucinating, but this woman shared her life, her whole identity with me. I was with her every step of the way as she convinced herself that what she did, betraying the man she loved, playing her part in a massacre, that it was all somehow for the good of Enaran society. She showed me everything. No apologies, no request for forgiveness, just the truth. At least she had the conscience to stand up and realise what she'd done wrong, which is more than I can say for you.  I know that I could have found a better way to handle the situation than just charging into the mess hall like that. I was just too angry to think straight. Not the first time that's happened, I know, but if you had seen what I saw You believe me. Then we've got to do something about it. We have to make this public. Then we have to find proof. Let me go down to the planet. There must be some evidence left of what really happened. Maybe there are other people like Korenna who might be willing to tell the truth. It's not just a matter of history. This could happen again if no one knows it happened before. Jora Mirell was murdered on board this ship, which gives us a reason to investigate. Maybe, if we can expose the reason why she was killed, the Enarans will start to ask questions. They could have used their telepathy somehow, in some way that the Doctor couldn't detect. So that's it? We just go on our merry way and nobody ever has to take any kind of responsibility? Thank you. Thank you, Captain. [Engineering] (A guard is watching the Enarans.) I'm relieving you. Can we talk for a minute? Then just listen. Like Harry said, it couldn't hurt to do that. I know you have no reason to believe what I've said about your people. All you have is my word against everything you've ever been taught. So prove me wrong. Go down to Enara and find the colony where the Regressives were supposed to live. Talk to people. Ask questions. Learn the truth for yourself. Let me tell you about my experiences, maybe that will give you some place to start. I wish I had your abilities. I could just show you. Of course. Then you'd know I'm telling you the truth.
There's another problem, Captain. We won't be able to transport to the surface because of the EM disturbances in the atmosphere. They'll interfere with our comm. links too.  We're modifying the transporter to try and penetrate the atmosphere. So far, no luck. Torres here.  Negative. It's an extremely complex interference pattern, and it keeps changing. [Bridge] Acknowledged. Torres out. Our range will still be limited, but the transporter should work as long as we stay in an area with reduced electromagnetic activity. Take the ship through the window into the atmosphere. The closer you can get us to the surface, the better our chances for a successful beam out. Aye, Captain. Chakotay, take the helm. Minor damage to our port nacelle. Rerouting power to lateral thrusters.  Sensors are operating as well as can be expected under these conditions. Either we're just not close enough to where they landed to pick up their comm. signals, or they never landed. The shuttle might have burned up in the atmosphere. No, Captain. We've lost them.
No way. A plasma conduit. My point exactly. You're not an engineer. Name it. (They walk on out of earshot.) Well, go ahead and gloat. Just a shot in the dark. What?
We've got to go back for Harry and Tom. How do we do that? What about paralithium? It's used as a fuel for some ion based propulsion systems, and it can be converted into trilithium. Captain, I'm picking up residual traces of trilithium. They're faint but they're there. I think we may have found our bomb makers. Aye, Captain. [Conference room]
 We're losing containment. Everyone out! (Chakotay goes to the warp core railing and works a panel. Energy hits Voyager and he gets zapped. Voyager goes slightly transparent, and Chakotay's I'm not going anywhere. First she destroys our only way out of the Delta Quadrant, and now you're collaborating with her? That's pretty hard to believe. Why?
 I'm not happy with these fluctuations. We may be trying to reactivate too many ships at once. Thanks. When did you learn Klingon? They have their moments. Pardon? You seem to have taken an interest in Klingon history. I prefer curling up with a good book. [Mess hall]
I think we're about ready to make our first attempt, Captain. Exactly. But if he tries to move into an area where there's no emitter field, he'll dematerialise. Engineering to Sickbay. Doctor, we're ready here. Okay. Here goes. I'd guess the imaging interface wasn't properly stabilised. No, we're bypassing the holodecks. No. Not that I'm aware of. Captain, there has to be a reason why you've had these delusions and we're going to figure out what it is. We can run the diagnostic from here in Engineering, but you should activate the programme first. Torres here. We're ready, Captain. Torres to Janeway. We're finished, Captain, but we didn't find any malfunctions. Aye, Captain. [Kitchen] Torres to the Captain. We're having problems down here. [Engineering]  People are becoming delusional. I think I know why. There's a massive energy field coming from those ships. It's bioelectric, modulating on a delta wave frequency. It has psionic properties, and it's permeating the hull. [Bridge] You can try remodulating [Engineering]  The shields, but in the meantime, I'm going to set up a resonance burst from the warp core. That will probably block the field, but it'll take a while to set up. [Bridge] Not good. I can't get a response from anybody. It's like they're catatonic. A few minutes ago, there was a momentary interruption in the psionic field. Were there any indications that the alien somehow came on board? What do we do? A week? That might be too late. No, I have to keep trying to set up the resonance burst. I can't believe you're saying this. You know we have to stay here and try to help the others. You aren't Chakotay. I have to help the others. Yes. [Bridge] What happened? Is that who's responsible for all this?  I'm surprised to see you here, Captain. Isn't this the day that you're usually in the holodeck with your novel? I don't blame you. I think it had quite an impact on all of us. Do you think it's true? That the alien was reading our minds, creating images from our own experiences? Oh, it's just, I experienced something I'd rather not admit. I guess. I'll have to think about that. I have an early watch tomorrow, so I'd better turn in. Good night, Captain. Thanks. You too. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I might be able to get one of their data nodes running and find out what disabled their ship.  It's like a ghost ship. I'm not being apprehensive, Tuvok, I'm just nervous as hell. This is one of the access nodes. If we can get it operational I should be able to tap into the main data systems. Tuvok, there should be a compatible micropower conduit somewhere in that module. Connect it to this generator. (Tuvok moves some hoses apart and a Borg falls forward.) It's dead. [Briefing room] Our scans have detected eleven hundred corpses. We brought one aboard. We're hoping that an autopsy might give us some clue as to what killed them. It could have been some kind of natural disaster, or Maybe the Borg were defeated by an enemy even more powerful than they are. That would support our theory about what happened aboard their ship. We think that their main power conduits were overloaded by a massive electromechanical discharge. What do you think that is? Shut it down! (The EMH uses the probe again.) What the hell happened? I wouldn't be so sure about that. That autonomic response caused this drone to reset back to it's original programming. If the rest of those corpses somehow reactivate, we have a major problem on our hands. [Bunker] We'd better get going. [Shuttlecraft]  Are you okay? What you need is a good thrashing on the hoverball court to take your mind off things. Good. I'll reserve some holodeck time as soon as we're back. No. No. Why? You're sure you're okay? Chakotay? I'm going to tell the Doctor he needs to take a look at you as soon as we're back. Torres to Sickbay. Chakotay, give me the phaser. (He shoots her.) [Bridge]
Tom's right. How else could they have gathered their information about us?
We're already feeling its effects. The neutron radiation is disrupting plasma flow. We can't jump to warp. Torres to bridge. The inverse warp field's destabilising. We're losing our anchor.
Echo displacement. With all due respect, Doctor, we can't even figure out how to project you into this room. How are we supposed to create holographic ships in space?  The molecular variance residual on his shuttle is evidence of disruptor blasts and the signature is Kazon, so at least that part of his story seems to be true.  We're ready down here, Captain. All the new holo-projectors are on-line. We can create three Talaxian ships whenever you want to. You've already done it twice. The defence systems are going to need all the auxiliary power we have, Doctor. Doctor!  Acknowledged. Energising. That's two, and here's number three. (The EMH vanishes from the monitor.) [Space]  We've lost power to the new holodeck grid. I can't restore it. [Bridge]  Yes, Captain. But it looks like our reactant's injector controls were hit. Stand by. [Bridge]  We can't go to warp, Captain. The containment field generator has been damaged. I'm attempting to bypass. [Bridge] Captain. (Cavemen appear from behind some rocks. They turn back to watch Voyager take off. The EMH reappears in Sickbay. Suder is hiding in a ventilation duct.) To Be Continued..... (Later, the crew are walking up into towards a range of hills, with an active volcano on the horizon behind them. Some are carrying pointed sticks. Ensign Wildman is carrying her baby, and staggers briefly. Commander Chakotay walks back to her.) We found a nest about two kilometres away. How do we get them away from the tunnels? I was on the decathlon team before I quit the Academy. The track and field coach was furious with me. Hey! Up here! Up here. You want us? You want us? Come and get us! Come on. Come and get us. (The natives give chase. Janeway, Kim and two crewman run down to the brush fire to clear the entrance.)
On what? Why? I see. So you're rerouting power from other locations, like Engineering? Unless, of course, someone is trying to do a warp core diagnostic, which my crew has been trying to do all morning. We have lost hours of work because of this. What, sorry isn't in the Borg vocabulary? You need to check with me before you touch the power systems. Understood? If you're going to be a member of this crew, get used to it. Procedures exist for a reason. We've got to work together. Follow the same set of rules I was given that lecture once, by Captain Janeway when I first joined this crew. If I could adjust to Starfleet life, so can you. And what about right now? Aren't you supposed to be working in Sickbay? Not bad, but he'll be expecting you back. I just had the feeling that somebody was watching us. I must be completely paranoid about getting caught in a compromising position. Yes. I'm trying to increase the efficiency of the impulse drive, but I wanted to make sure that I wasn't compromising helm control. Good. All of the specs are at my upper workstation. Right. Of course. I didn't expect it quite so promptly. Which I guess I should have, er, coming from you. I, I mean I'm grateful that you got the data to me so quickly. Thanks.  [Corridor]  Do you think he'll say anything to the captain? Well how did he sound? Annoyed? Amused? We've got to be more careful with appearances. We shouldn't go into the briefing at the same time. No, that'll look even more suspicious. Well, I'm not saying that we have. I just thought that we wanted to keep this relationship to ourselves. We do, right? If you do. Well, I don't think that it's anybody else's business how we feel about each other. Right, then we're agreed. Just a little more careful in public and we don't say anything to anybody. Now? Sounds like you see a future in this. Smooth recovery, Lieutenant. So I'll go first and you follow. Believe me, that wasn't our intention. Yes, Captain. Almost ready. Does that mean we'll all be affected? All right, give the scanner a try. How's the resolution? Coming up. (One of the molecules has a marking on it.) What is? I'm going to maximum magnification. What do you see? (An alien bar code.) Well, what does it look like? I'm no microbiologist, but that doesn't look like it belongs there. What are those markings? Some kind of alien writing? Who could have put this into Chakotay's cells without his knowledge? Let me try a compositional analysis. (While Torres works at a circular free-standing console, the EMH puts another slide under the microscope.) Is this what's causing the mutations? I'm having trouble getting a clear reading from the sample. It looks almost like the er, whatever it is could be slightly out of phase. I'm compensating for the phase variance. You're not going to believe this, but I'm picking up an energy signature. This thing is transmitting some kind of a signal. I don't know. It's too weak to travel very far. Access the internal sensors and set them to a phase variance of point one five. Your programme is being deleted. I don't know. I'm transferring you back to Sickbay. (Then she is struck by a severe pain in the chest, and passes out.) Well, I appreciate the sacrifice. Tell me about the wine. We've got all night to let it breathe, Torres here. I don't. Lock it down for now, I'll deal with it in the morning. Torres out. Sometimes it's nice to be the Chief Engineer. Hmm. This is really delicious. Mmm, you're too good for me. (doorbell) Ignore it. You know, I've been thinking about what the captain said. We have been a little out of control lately. What? You're right, they could have. And we don't know how long they were on board. They could have been tampering with us for months. Just a feeling. So our whole relationship might be based on some alien experiment. Well, I think that explains it. I think so. Thank God. (They kiss.)
Captain, I didn't realise there was an inspection scheduled. We should have the warp drive up and running by oh nine hundred hours. Recalibrating the reactant injectors is the only thing we have left to do.  It's a good possibility, Captain. I'm showing the dust with a return force ratio of four to one. Recommend we shut down impulse and go to thrusters.  Shutting down thrusters. [Bridge]  We're not reading any directed energy source down here, Captain. My guess is it's a natural phenomenon. [Bridge]  The barrier appears to be only fifty metres deep. A four second burst at maximum thrusters ought to do it. [Bridge] Torres to Bridge.  These things are sticking to the hull. And I'm showing a drain on our energy reserves. [Bridge] I'm not sure, Captain. They seem to be drawing it right through the shield grid along the hull.  We can't go back to impulse, Captain. That's how our problem started. Our best chance is to burn the aft thrusters beyond their recommended limits. [Bridge] Acknowledged. Accelerating deuterium to rear thrusters.  Aft thrusters at one hundred five percent. One hundred fifteen percent. [Bridge] Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. Why do you always have to say that? Under the circumstances, don't you think you really ought to change your programme? I know a little about holographic programming. I could probably reprogram you. Has anyone ever told you, you have a lousy attitude? I need a second opinion on this. I gave it to myself. It's a sample of residue we picked up in a nebula. The molecules are isolinear. No polycyclic structures, but Is it some kind of phosopholipid fibre? I hope that you have better luck with yours than I had with mine. I'm sorry to interrupt, but the Doctor and I have come up with a rather surprising analysis of the matter left on the hull. It's organic. That's not what I mean. The samples are clearly organic elements of a much larger life form. It appears, Captain, that this nebula is not a nebula at all. [Bridge] (Torres and Janeway work at a science station.) That would be right here. I do? If the life form has a nucleogenic structure, nucleonic radiation ought to assist its healing process. A nucleonic beam along the edges of the breach should theoretically promote regeneration.  Ready and awaiting your orders, Captain. [Bridge]  We've lost the rear driver coil assembly. [Bridge] Captain [Engineering]  The only way we can shut down all thrusters is to vent their deuterium into space. We can't afford to lose all that fuel. Acknowledged. Cutting thrusters. [Bridge] We're ready [Engineering]  Down here, Captain.  Scanners are showing the regeneration rate up only point zero four percent. [Bridge] TORRES  The breach may simply be too large to seal. How does that help us? That's right. [Bridge] EMH [on Standing by. [Bridge]  Firing. [Bridge]  Acknowledged. Beam engaged. Captain, I'm showing a rapid growth pattern along the wound. [Bridge]  Thrusters engaged. [Bridge] Paris, did you program this guy? He's a pig, and so are you.
 Seven? Doctor? They're here. The Maquis, they're alive! Starfleet thinks you've all been killed.
Don't expect one. Of course. Why would she be writing you? Chakotay, what is it? What are you saying? There are thousands of us. K'Tarra? Roberto? Everyone except us is dead? No. Don't! Don't try to console me. I don't want to be comforted. Those were our friends, good people willing to put their lives on the line for something they believed in and now you're telling me that they are gone, that they are slaughtered. It's not right and you know it. I will make someone pay, I swear I will. If we ever get back. [Mess hall]  Hi. She's gone with Tuvok to shore up the station's confinement field. I've taken over for her. Disappointed? I know there's nothing between you. It's purely a one way attraction. Harry, you might as well wear a big sign that says, I'm in love. Everyone sees it. Okay. If you didn't come down here to see her, why did you? Sorry. I haven't seen anything so far. I'm sure that Starfleet contacted the families and friends of everyone on the ship. They know how important that would be. Harry, you'll get one. Try to be patient. [Shuttlecraft]  Torres to the bridge. Captain, could Lieutenant Paris come [Bridge] TORRES  It's a letter for you. It's coming through right now. It's right here. I can't tell yet. Why are you acting like this? You should know in a minute. What, you're not going to wait? Voyager is hanging in space. There's not a lot to do at the helm. You may be able to fool someone else with that ploy, but you're talking to me, Tom. A little more has come in. It's from Starfleet. From an Admiral Owen. Do you know him? That's wonderful. You're not the same person you were four years ago. What makes you think he is? At least give him a chance. He's obviously reaching out. Fine. Excuse me if I can't feel terribly sorry for you. I learned this morning that a lot of my friends are dead. And I've gone from being so angry that I wanted to kill someone to crying for an hour. And now I'm just trying to, to accept it and move on. No, I'm sorry. It obviously does. You care what he thinks about you. I'll let you know when I get the whole letter. [Ready room] Torres here, Captain.  I'm getting out piece by piece. At least another half hour. [Bridge]  Torres to the bridge. The antithoron burst collapsed [Bridge] TORRES  Captain, look at this. The energy released from the singularity created a massive discharge along the relay network. It disabled every one of the stations. I got most of the encrypted Starfleet text and a few more personal letters. It'll take some time to decode. Harry should probably work on it. If you'll excuse me, I have a few letters to deliver. No need. Anyway, there's one that I want to do personally. [Bridge]  Good news, Harry. I got this at the last minute. I'm sorry, Tom. I wasn't able to download yours in time. You could assume that he said he loves you, and that he's proud of you.
I found a small phase variance in the transporter logs. I think it was responsible for igniting the protomatter. I've remodulated the transporter beam to compensate. Let go.
Less than a seven percent power drain. Well what? What you've asked us to do requires a complete reconfiguration of the shield array. It takes a while. For us mere morals, that is. If you're in such a hurry, why don't you just snap your fingers and do it yourself? Oh, that's right. You've lost your powers and you need our help. I understand perfectly. You aren't the first female who's ever had a man run out on her. You know, I have really had it with this superiority complex of yours. Well, here's another fact. If you don't stop pestering me, I'm never going to finish. In which case, your association with Q might not be quite as eternal as you think.  Go ahead, Q.  I'd be lying if I said I understood it completely, but if she's thinking what I think she's thinking, we should increase power to the shields by a factor of ten! [Bridge]  TORRES  Acknowledged. [Bridge] 
Torres to the Captain. I need you in Engineering. [Engineering] (IIt's disco night round a colourful warp core. Strobe lighting, dancing girls, electronic beat music.) If he doesn't stop his little light show, the warp core's going to breach. Besides, I'll bet that's exactly the kind of reaction he's hoping for.
Classified? By who? We're sixty thousand light years from Starfleet. I've never seen this shield configuration. I'd like to run a couple of computer simulations to make sure it's stable. Eleven hundred? I don't think that's possible. Does all this have anything to do with that secret message the Captain received? Rumours, mainly. Janeway's been locked in her ready room for the past sixteen hours. Something about an Omega Directive.
It got me out from under a warp conduit. I'm all for it. It gave us all time to get to know each other.
Don't push me, Tom. To do what? Look, you may find all of this Klingon stuff really fascinating, but I don't. I'm not going to waste my time trying to disembowel a bunch of holographic monsters. I only came down here because you tricked me into that stupid bet! I have tried this, and now I am finished. Got it? I am not hostile! (A humanoid dressed in grey appears.) We didn't abduct you. You just appeared here. We had nothing to do with it. Let us take you to Sickbay. Our Doctor can run some scans. Maybe we can get some answers. [Sickbay] (In semi-darkness.) Whoever or whatever did this had to leave some energy trace. Then let's concentrate on the time. Run a level one analysis on all sensor readings, internal and external, at the exact moment it happened. You don't think I'm hostile, do you? I know I have a temper, but that doesn't mean I'm always hostile, does it? I'm forthright, I speak my mind, but that's very different from being hostile. And if someone described me that way, they'd be way off of the mark, wouldn't they. Then why do you look like you're afraid for your life? (Saved by the beeps.) What is this? Localise the source, I'll try to increase the sensor resolution. Do you have anything yet? Harry? Torres to bridge. Ensign Kim just disappeared. [Bridge] I'm not sure. Harry and I detected a surge of polaron particles right before he disappeared. They created a spatial distortion field around him but it collapsed as soon as he vanished. It could have been anything. A naturally occurring phenomenon, like a wormhole of a subspace flow field, or a kind of technology like our transporters. A Nyrian astrophysicist who arrived about an hour ago told me about some strange graviton fluctuations they detected at their colony. I ran some scans on this end and found the same thing. Possibly a baby one. And if I'm right, one end is opening intermittently inside Voyager. We could have past through it while it was forming and snagged on it somehow. Now that I have this new information I'd like to have another talk with Rislan, the Nyrian scientist. Actually, I didn't ask, and I've already initiated the tetryon scan. Neutrinos, ionised hydrogen, theta band radiation. It's what we're not finding that I'm interested in. The scan shows no quantum level fluctuations whatsoever. It's more than unusual, it's impossible. I don't think this is a wormhole at all. I'm going to run a pattern analysis with the original data. No, definitely not a flow field. The spatial harmonics are incompatible. I don't think this is a natural phenomenon. (Rislan knocks out his guard and takes his phaser.) Your people have been behind this all along. What are you doing? Captain, the Nyrians are responsible for the exchanges. I think they have some kind of technology. (Two armed Nyrian guards enter. One takes Torres' comm. badge, then they leave.) What do they want with us? Where's the rest of the crew. This doesn't seem like a Nyrian colony. It's not warm enough or dark enough for them. Do we have any idea what planet we're on? Let's hope we're not stuck here long enough to find out. How did you get it open? What do you see now? Aside from the aesthetic consideration, how's your optical resolution? Well, we're just about ready. I've reconfigured the Doctor's optical sensors and as soon as they're aligned he should be able to detect the microwave signature of the portals. About the other day. I might have been a bit oversensitive about the Klingon programme. That should just about do it. I think we can start scanning now. I know. You didn't, and I didn't mean to lash out at you like that. Oh, that's very funny coming from you. Well, you're hardly one to talk about being defensive. Well, you just pretend that nothing bothers you and then you turn everything into a joke. If you find it so difficult to be my friend, then why keep trying? Holograms don't get tired. Keep looking. Captain, we've found something. There's another one. (A building on stilts, on a rocky shore.) Self-contained biospheres, every one of them different. [Control room] (Meanwhile, going the other way around.) If you want to go, then go. We're not leaving them behind. (Paris and Torres leave.) Power cells probably running out. These aren't exactly Starfleet issue. Tom, I think I've found one. Here is it. (An arctic snowstorm hits them.) Remember how we had to warm up the ship for the Nyrians?  Maybe coming in here wasn't such a good idea. Careful. That phaser's just about dead. (Paris fires at the rocks above the Nyrian's heads, and they retreat.) They can't last much longer. We've just got to stay one step ahead of them. Let me see the phaser. My hands are completely numb. Shows how much you know about Klingons. They have much less tolerance for the cold than humans do. No, they just complain about it more. I think that'll amplify the power cell enough for one more shot. (A Nyrian finds them, then passes out from the cold. A second one comes up behind them.)  I didn't think we were this far from the portal. I don't think I can go any farther. Oh, I'm so sleepy. No, you go on. I'm just going to rest here. No, I'll be fine. I just have to close my eyes for a minute. You can't give me orders. We're the same rank. Oh yeah, by two days! You're just trying to get me moving. Don't even try it. (Torres and Paris get translocated back to the Federation habitat. Which means two other people get switched...) Nice day. Things were pretty chilly there for a while. It feels good to be warm again.
Yes, and blow up half your kitchen in the process. Sirillium is far more useful as a warp plasma catalyst. Captain, I recommend we use the Bussard collectors to gather the sirillium. They'll cut through that nebula like ice cream scoops. Tuvok, the Klingon Empire is on the other side of the galaxy.
We've identified the signature left by the weapons fire. There's no question. It was Cardassian. No, Captain. I am. [Briefing room]  The probe was destroyed by an experimental Cardassian weapon from the Alpha quadrant. (Paris runs in, late.) I recognise it's signature because, because I know this weapon very well. Chakotay and I got our hands on it when we were fighting the Cardassians. The last time we saw it, it was heading in the same direction in the Badlands where the Caretaker picked us up. Now add to that one of the most sophisticated computer systems I've ever seen. They made this missile adaptable, evasive, armed with it's own defensive weaponry. In other words, unstoppable. Leave it to the Cardassians to build such an incredibly advanced tactical weapon and then arm the warhead with an old kinetic detonator. I got inside it and reprogrammed the computer. Hell, I didn't just reprogramme it, I changed it's identity. I made it forget about being Cardassian. Now it was working for the Maquis. Dreadnaught masks its warp trail with a randomised EM field, but I can modify our navigational sensors to cut through that. I get back inside it. I know all the security codes. I installed them myself. Chakotay wasn't telling the whole truth. We didn't send Dreadnought on a mission against the Cardassians. I was the one who sent it, without asking him. After I did it, he pulled me aside and I was ready to defend myself. I was so sure that I had anticipated everything that could possibly go wrong. I even programmed it to warn Federation ships to stay out of its way, in my own voice. Listening to that Cardassian computer's voice was driving me crazy. Anyway, Chakotay looked at me. I didn't know him very well yet. And all he said, in that damned soft voice of his was that I'd hurt him. That he thought he'd earned my trust and loyalty. I was so glad when it disappeared into the Badlands. I remember thinking, thank god, it's over. But it's not. And if anything happens here because of Dreadnought, it's my fault. No one else's. Tell me about it. Tom, what's been going on with you lately? People are starting to talk. No, I mean people. Like me. Like today. Look at yourself, coming to a briefing late. And is it true you had a fight with Lieutenant Rollins? Was he right about your reports? No, this is deliberate. It's following one of the evasive patterns I programmed into it. It must have observed us following. No, that's only a sensor echo. Dreadnought's programmed to deflect it's up to one hundred thousand kilometres from it's true location. The next time you get a heading look for a brief surge in neutrino emissions within a one hundred thousand kilometre radius. That'll be the real thing. It's targeting scanners have been activated. It's heading for a planet in a system over ten light years away. At its current speed, it'll get there in about three weeks. Dreadnought's shields have responded to my codes. I'm ready now, Captain. Energise.  [Dreadnought] (Torres beams in with her tool box. The computer speaks in her own voice.) Not so well, to tell you the truth. Activate programmer interface. Something's gone wrong with your programming, Dreadnought. Display targeting schematic. Maybe there's something wrong with your diagnostic systems too. Identify target. What targeting parameters are you using? Enough. Dreadnought, you're no where near Aschelan Five. Let me check out your navigational systems. That was my idea, wasn't it. Okay, We'll have to go at this in a different way then, won't we. Dreadnought, do you know what happened to you the day after my last systems access? Did you encounter a coherent tetryon beam? That beam carried you into the Delta quadrant. I'm not surprised it damaged your sensors. Dreadnought, reinitialise your navigational systems. Computer. Okay. Now verify our current position. And is Aschelan Five located in the Delta quadrant? Then reconfirm your target lock. Go ahead Captain. [Bridge] That [Dreadnought]  And more. I'll be ready to transport back in a few minutes. Dreadnought, return to stage five. Initiate power save programme. Sweet dreams. [Ready Room] Easily converted to Starfleet specs. We'll have spare parts for years. This isn't possible. When I left it was completely shut down. I don't understand it, Captain. [Transporter room]  Dreadnought's shields are not recognising my security code any more. We can't initiate transport. Aye, Captain. [Bridge] Dreadnought, why have you resumed course? My deception? Why would I enter false information? So when I was just over there and you shut yourself off, you were lying to me? I never taught it to do that. The one possible vulnerability I remember is in the thoron shock emitter. If we can get it to fire at full power, that should destabilise the reactor core for thirty seconds. A single sustained tachyon beam might just penetrate that core and destroy it. It shouldn't be that difficult. Once we go after it with an all-out assault, the emitter should fire. We don't have time for this. We wouldn't have to if I'd done my job right the first time. Why not? Dreadnought seems pretty good at guessing mine. I'm not so sure about that, Harry. It's programmes are adaptive and it's been accumulating data all this time. It spends every minute of every day thinking about new strategies, new probabilities. All right, Starfleet, let's give it another try. (After an initial stutter, Torres is beamed away.) [Dreadnought] Oh, yeah. Swell day. I'm disappointed in you, Dreadnought. If I really was a Cardassian agent, you should have killed me with the first charge. Somehow I expected you to put up more of a fight. Computer? Tell me what's happening. The Rakosan fleet. [Bridge] Yes Captain. Captain, don't beam me out. I may not be able to transport back here again. I'm making progress. [Dreadnought]  The Rakosan ships have created a diversion. I've already used it to disarm the security codes on board. Now, if I can just get to the central processor, I can disable the entire system. [Bridge] Those ships aren't your enemy. They are not Cardassian. Can't you recognise that? Yes, Captain. Dreadnought's created back-up systems to replace the ones I tried to disable. I'm reluctant to discuss them in present company, but could you send over a. Captain? What took you so long? So, it's just you and me now. Now, that wouldn't make much sense, would it? I'd be killing myself in the process. If I'm being coerced by Cardassians, why would I be willing to sacrifice myself for them? Answer that one. Ah, ha. Gotcha. Why don't we reassess those probabilities together, okay? Remember how we used to play hypothetical games? Let's play one now. Here's a hypothetical situation for you. Suppose I've been telling you the truth all along, and you really are in the Delta quadrant. Hypothetical, Dreadnought. It's a game, remember? Assume it's true for a moment. And we're heading for the wrong target. Millions of innocent people about to die when you detonate. Now, explain to me how this might happen. Just for the fun of it, let's have a look at those databanks. See if anything looks at all compromised. (A display comes up on a wall monitor.) Is this a complete file directory? There seem to be a few missing. Oh, I'm hurt you don't trust me. Hold on, pause the display. What's that? Computer, identify the Cardassian file on screen. Looks like a back-up file. Computer, when was this file created? I believe that was before you and I ever met. A new conclusion? Dreadnought. I'm not interested in your key systems anymore, Dreadnought. Seriously. Check for yourself. Oh, just killing time. I never thought I'd be glad to hear that voice again. Check those diagnostics, Dreadnought. You're talking to yourself. I believe you're having an identity crisis. Computer, identify the target. Yes. (Torres crawls into the small space.) [Bridge] Yes, Captain. I may be able to detonate the warhead from here [Bridge] TORRES I'm already in it. I'm using [Dreadnought core]  My phaser to burn through the magnetic constrictor casing now. [Bridge] Fine. [Dreadnought]  The air's just a little thin in here. Good for you. Estimated time to breach. Unless I'm mistaken, you're out of options, Dreadnought. I'm not going anywhere until I'm finished. No deal. [Bridge] Yes.  I understand, Captain. I'm almost finished. Let me stay. [Bridge] Nice try. Who would have thought two years ago, after all those weeks we spent together perfecting your programme, that we'd end up out here trying to kill each other.
In other words you're afraid you won't make it. That you'll fail this training. Fine. Then make it through. (alarm) It's another power failure. Deck four, section nine C. It's another malfunction in the bio-neural circuitry. We're putting a repair crew on it now. Torres out. Dalby. Replace the failed gel pack and check out the adjoining circuits. Make sure we don't have some kind of cascade feedback causing this. We can't just keep replacing these things. Ensign, you're in charge till I get back. I'll be in Sickbay if you need me. [Sickbay] It's your new patient. It's one of the bio-neural gel packs. It's malfunctioning but I can't find anything wrong with it mechanically. I thought that you could look at the biological component. What? Can you be more specific? Doctor. Is the crew in any danger? I'll have to take the forward grids off line. We'll lose replicators but I can reroute the primary systems. How long do you need? Okay, I'll tell the Captain. [Deck 11 corridor] Have you found any traces of the bacteria? We stopped at that planet, Napinne, brought on some food stores for Neelix. Some of it looked pretty strange. Schplict? Okay, let's go over the environmental systems. Maybe we're dealing with something airborne. Chell, what are you doing? But you're using a micro-resonator. Why don't you use the magneton scanner? You'd be done in five minutes. But he'll be at it for hours. Well, good luck.  Get me a schematic of the airflow patterns for the whole ship. The cheese is full of volatile bacterial spores. It has to stay isolated in this portable containment field. The spores must have travelled through that intake and then into the ventilation system. More gel packs must be down. If this is getting to the environmental systems we may be in more trouble that we thought. Neelix, this wasn't your fault. The important thing is that we found the source. Get the cheese to Sickbay. The Doctor should look at it as soon as possible. Torres here, Captain. Understood. [Cargo Bay] Torres here. I suppose we could infuse the gel pack [Engineering]  Circuits with a high energy plasma burst from a symmetric warp field. [Bridge]  Right. We could produce the required energy by getting the warp engines to eighty percent of maximum while we're standing still. [Bridge] TORRES  If we re-route the emergency power to the warp engines it might be enough. But it's a risky move. [Bridge] Aye, Captain. Aye, Captain, but be prepared. It might blow out some of the conduits.
Tropical? Thanks. I'd say you put just a little bit too much thought into that. Let's go. I told Vorik we'd pick him up at sixteen hundred hours, and you know how Vulcan he gets when anybody is late. Oh, he's not coming. He said he was busy. I don't know. You're pretty confident about your powers of persuasion. Thanks. I am starving. I did? I guess maybe I did. Well, then, Ensign, let's go. (Torres and Vorik leave. Paris goes off to find his best friend looking around for someone. Kim spots Marayna with Tuvok.) I'm not sure, Captain. We're trying to track the problem now. Within tolerance. Most likely there's some kind of failure in the computer pathways. Nothing's wrong with propulsion, but the commands from the helm just aren't getting there. Like some kind of failure in the computer pathways? I just said all that. You're not listening, Harry. Forget about her. Not a single word. I saw the way you were looking at Marayna yesterday. It's not that bad. Why don't you take a break? I can handle it from here. Warp drive is still on line, and helm control appears to be working, but the engines aren't responding. It's possible we've got a computer malfunction, but I can't seem to localise it. Captain, I just got aft thrusters to respond. It's not much. When security got to Tuvok's quarters, she downloaded herself back into the computer and onto the holodeck. It's certainly possible. If Marayna's able to manipulate the ship's computer pathways, she could have disrupted propulsion and then covered her tracks so we couldn't trace the cause. It's possible.  She's locked us out of the programme. We'll be lucky if we can open the doors. (The doors open.) I'll try to access the inside control panel. I got access to the holodeck computer. There's a subspace signal coming from outside of Voyager. It's some kind of an uplink. There's somebody on a ship out there, tapping into the (A girl starts to strangle Torres with a lei.)  I've isolated the source of the uplink signal.
Their warp core is heavily damaged. It's leaking drive plasma and gamma radiation. It could breach any time. Captain, I'm reading an energy build-up in the reaction chamber. They're losing anti-matter containment. Good to see you too. She must have gotten held up with some work. Well, I've made a few modifications of my own. (She beckons over a fit young man wearing cutaway speedos. He gives her a towel.) Thank you. Great programme, Neelix.
I'm scanning the remains on all biospectral frequencies. It's completely inert. Dead. I'm picking up life signs. They're sporocystian. But according to my readings, the life signs aren't coming from the remains. The remains are simply resonating in response to an external energy source. Some other lifeform. The lifesigns are gone. If that's true, maybe we could use them to track her down.  Torres to Janeway. We've placed the remains in a hexiprismatic field, Captain. The next time it responds to sporocystian energy, the field [Bridge] TORRES  Exactly. Stand by.  [Engineering]  Activate the field. I can't get a bearing on the source. Try increasing the spatial resolution. The life signs are fading and I still can't get a lock on the coordinates. We've got it, Captain.  [Bridge] TORRES  Torres to Bridge. [Bridge] TORRES  Again. It's definitely reacting to a sporocystian lifeform. And from what I can tell, that lifeform is right on top of us. [Bridge]  I think we should run a biospectral analysis. Some of these readings are pretty strange. And get me the sensor logs on that subspace rupture out there.  [Bridge]
Captain, there's a minor glitch in the molecular imaging scanners. Ensign Kim should have it up and running in a few minutes. [Transporter room]  The transporter was functioning normally. Bio-filters, pattern buffers, everything checked out.  Give me the flowers from the Airponics bay. I never thought that botanical science class would come in so handy. (They lock the three plants into a specimen container.) Torres to Transporter room one. [Transporter room] TORRES
If they're looking for a place to land, they must be in pretty bad shape. The problem is there's another ion storm, a level five, blocking our path. We're going to have to recalibrate these tricorders. [Transporter room]  Put us with the alpha team. Energise. [Turbolift]
Okay. Everything looks good on this end. Fire up the new engines. Full power to structural integrity. You're dead. [Mess hall]  It's the pylon again. Every time we get close to crossing the threshold, the subspace torque rips a nacelle off the shuttle. No, I've thought about that already. It's too brittle. Do you have anything to eat? I guess I'll go find them myself. Fill him in. You've crossed the threshold. You've done it. And there's been no damage to the nacelles. So we can try a manned test flight?  Torres to Bridge. The pre-launch sequence is complete [Bridge] TORRES How's his dilithium matrix holding up? Okay. Torres to shuttlecraft Cochrane. You're clear for transwarp velocity. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Tom! You brought it back without a scratch. The on-board sensors confirm that you did it. You made it to warp ten.  This data describes literally every cubic centimetre in this sector. It's over five billion gigaquads of information. Then it's just a matter of navigation. If we could figure out how to come out of transwarp at a specific point, this could get us home. Right. [Mess hall] Well, you might as well get used to it. You're a hero now. Smells okay. I agree. We have to confirm that none of this was a fluke. What? What's wrong? Do you want to go back to Sickbay? Torres to Transporter room two. Medical emergency. Beam Lieutenant Paris directly to Sickbay. Torres to Sickbay. We need a medical team in the mess hall right away. Hang on, Tom. [Sickbay] Just a cup of Neelix's coffee. What is? He's allergic to water? What should we do? What's happening to him? Antiprotons? The only place on this ship which generates antiprotons is the warp core. We'll have to take the warp core offline, then I'll need about three hours to set up an interface. The interface is charged and ready. Take the warp engines offline. Bleed off point zero five seven AMUs of antiproton radiation. Shunt it through the interface. Oh, my God. Call Security! (Sounds of phaser fire.)
Our antimatter supply is being drained, Captain. I don't know why. The containment fields are in place. It's like we sprung a leak, but I can't find the crack. I think [Engineering]  I can generate enough protons in the sensor array for a burst every thirty seconds. Hogan! These proton bursts are going to cause a lot of stress on the hull. Reinforce structural integrity to, now what? (Whoosh, bang! A console explodes.) [Bridge]  Torres to Bridge! We're definitely being, we're definitely being hit by proton bursts. But I don't know where they're coming from. I never even started the procedure. [Bridge] That's why we need to reinforce the field. We'll use the power conduits on this deck. [Bridge] Make it fast, Harry. Torres to Hogan. What's your status? [Corridor]  Torres to Hogan. Hogan [Corridor] TORRES  Hurry, we have to help him.  The breach is widening. Let's get out of here. Damn it, Harry! Let's go! Harry, grab my hand! (But the pull of the vacuum of space is too strong.) Harry! [Corridor] Kes, over here. (Kes runs towards them, and vanishes.) Torres to Bridge. Ensign Kim is dead. [Bridge] TORRES I can't explain it. [Corridor]  She just vanished. There seems to be some kind of spatial rift. [Bridge] TORRES  Stand by, Bridge. I just threw a piece of conduit into the rift. Just as it vanished, I detected another [Bridge] TORRES  Whatever's on the other side of that rift, there's air. Maybe Kes is still alive. (Bang!) [Bridge] You don't have to tell me twice. [Bridge]  All right, Captain. All of the ship's command functions have been rerouted to main Engineering. I don't know. It's some kind of com. emission coming through all subspace bands. Good question. I can't tell, but it's got a Federation signature. I think someone's telling us to lock onto a frequency of twelve gigahertz. I'll try to clear it up. And her explanation of how the ship were duplicated, certainly plausible. Both ships would have to send out a massive resonance pulse from their deflector dishes at exactly the same time.  We're ready, Captain. Deflector dish charging. [Voyager 2 - Engineering] TORRES  Initiating. Power flow nominal, Captain. The pulses have been emitted, Captain. The fields are starting to depolarise. [Voyager 2 - Engineering] (Both ships are shaking.) I can't! Too much plasma back flow. If we keep this up, we're going to lose our antimatter connection. We'll both be destroyed!  I don't know how else to stop the antimatter drain, except with proton bursts. I've lost the comm. link again. Ah, it's about time.
 That trip through the rift is still affecting our primary systems. Weapons are offline, we blew three EPS conduits, and our main transporter buffer just crashed. I know. We've still got emergency transporters but they're short range. Pretty close. I'd say less than ten kilometres. Done. The main pattern buffers are still offline. We can try an emergency transport from a lower orbit. Harry, we can't worry about that now. Their lives are in danger. The Captain put you in charge. It is your decision.  The matter stream is modulating. He's disrupting transport. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] Every time I try to disable his downlink he comes up with a new command override. Destabilising matter stream. Transporters offline. I'm replacing those programmes as quickly as I can, but some of it isn't retrievable. No matter how much a genius this Starling might be, he is not a trained pilot from the twenty ninth century. Long range transporters are still down. We'd have to drop out of orbit again.  Interferometric dispersion is online. That should take care of any radar detection. And I've configured the shields to disguise our visual profile. Unless somebody gets right on top of us, we should look like a small twentieth century aircraft. You trained as a pilot in North America, didn't you? Sounds like you had a lot more fun at the Academy than I did. I remember dodging a few punches in the lab. I guess I was just a little more enthusiastic in those days. Chakotay, what if we're stuck here? What if we can't find a way back? We'd have to get jobs. So much for a low profile. Highly qualified Klingon seeks position as engineer. Approach course laid in. Full power to thrusters. What? How is that possible? Energising. [Starling's car]  The pattern buffer's overloading. He's activated some kind of device. It's interfering with the transport. (Starling is finally beamed away, and the EMH punches Dunbar's lights out. He gets out and runs, too. Dunbar drives away.) [Metro Plaza] The interference is disrupting computer pathways. We're losing altitude. [Transporter room one] Where are we? Nobody sent us. We had engine trouble. We told you. We are not from the United States Government, and we are not What are they going to do when they find a half-Klingon in here.  Wasn't there supposed to be a timeship in that truck? Scanning the debris.  I've got the transporters back online. If he enters the rift like this the timeship will create a temporal explosion. I'm still trying to figure out exactly how the Doctor's autonomous emitter works, but it looks like downloading him back into the ship's computer isn't going to be much of a problem. It's a little more involved than that.
 The plasma surges have to be coming from one of these relays. (to Vorik) Try realigning the deuterium manifolds. (A relay shorts out.) Go ahead. I'm a little busy right now. What's this? Oh, you replicated potato salad. This is so sweet. But I can't. I told the captain I'd have the dilithium matrix recalibrated before she got back. I will make some time before the baby comes, I promise. Oh, I've got to get back. [Bridge]  Captain. Of course. In theory. But a tractor beam might destabilise the containment field. You'd be risking a breach. You could configure the tractor emitters to generate a resonance pulse. That should stabilise the field. I suppose. Er, a few hours. I thought this was a hypothetical scenario. In case of what? Torres to Chakotay. Have you got a minute? [Bridge] Torres here.  I'm still working on those modifications you asked for. I'll send somebody else. [Janeway's quarters] I'll be there in five minutes. It looks like the Doctor's rerouted the power relays. It'll take a minute to bypass them. [Holodeck] I'm not detecting an overload. All right, everybody out. Now! Move it! I might be able to stabilise the containment field. You'd better be right behind me. Where? Doctor, don't do this. Engineering to Chakotay.  We're ready to restart the impulse reactors. There's more than a thousand teraquads of new data in here. No, I've got him. (The EMH reappears.) I deleted the extraneous subroutines.
What could do something like this? Does something look a little odd about it to you? No, there's something else strange about it. The residue has a point four one percent trace of a neosorium composite, and I don't know anyone who uses neosorium technology except for the Federation. So how did it get into the hands of the Kazon? [Sickbay]  Releasing the force field isn't an option. That would just allow the radiation into the whole cabin. One minor subspace disruption and you're dead. It's too risky. Manipulate it how? We, er, we should be able to make an attempt by tomorrow. No, Captain. When I say tomorrow, I mean tomorrow. I don't exaggerate. Tomorrow is the best I can do. All right. We'll begin on the Kazon bridge. Carey, Nicoletti, Seska. Okay. Henard, you're with us. Dismissed. [Corridor]  Yes, Captain. We're finished with the computer simulations. [Ready room] TORRES Yes, Captain. We're finished, Captain. Decontamination went exactly as planned. The console has been transported to Engineering, and we're on our way back now.  Of all the things to die for. It's a food replicator, or at least it was trying to be. They didn't use a thick enough interior shield casing. Once the nucleonic radiation leaked out, a cascade reaction was inevitable. There's no doubt about it, Captain. The pattern buffer relays are clearly composed of bio-neural fibres. No other Federation ship would have them. Somebody on board Voyager gave them what they needed. I guess they just didn't know what to do with it. We're picking up two more Kazon warships about six hours away. We're not going to be able to stay her much (Beep! Beep!) And they're going straight to the missing replicator materials. They're entering data. They're entering an encrypted security code into the materials requisition file. Anybody know whose security code that belongs to? Then it has to be Carey. Carey is trying to point the finger at Seska. [Sickbay]
Computer chip designs, instructions for building transceivers. It's practically a how-to manual. Let me guess. Were in the neighbourhood. I'm here for my inoculation. Chakotay said he needed an engineer. Now he's got two. It's been months since I've been on an away mission. You can make room. Neelix doesn't have to go. Being pregnant doesn't make me an invalid. All right, you win. But if we have another baby, you carry it, and I'll go on the away missions. At maximum warp that's about two months round trip. What about Tom and the others? Are they supposed to rot down there until this relocation's finished?
Thank you, I'm sure she'll love it. What is it? Starfleet diapers. (Disposable nappies with the Starfleet logo on them.)  Run another diagnostic on the injector ports. Make sure they're aligned. Check again. Come to join the party? We're trying to cold start the warp core for the fifteenth time. Oh. Well, they're certainly unique. Thank you. Shoot. You're asking me what I do with my hair? Um, well, nothing too elaborate. Sonic shower, a little engine grease. Thinking about a new look? Please do. (Seven leaves.) TORRES: Was that Seven of Nine? Torres to the bridge. Looks like we've got warp drive back. [Bridge]
Optical processors, imaging array, they all check out. Doctor, you are in perfect health. Yes, I'm sure you could have, but with all the tinkering you've been doing with your programme lately, I feel better giving you these little tune-ups on a regular basis. I'm not faulting you for your intentions, Doctor. I think it's rather commendable that you want to improve yourself. A family? Well, for better or worse, yes. Interesting. And how's it going so far? You are? Funny, I never thought of you as a family man, Doc. I'd like to meet them. Well, Doc, tell your wife to haul out the good china. You're having company. [Holodeck - Doctor's Family Programme Beta-Rho] Thanks, I've had two helpings already. It's delicious. How nice for him. A regular chip off the old block, right? Computer, freeze programme. I am stopping this before my blood sugar levels overload. Doctor. If you think that this is giving you an accurate impression of being in a family, you are sadly mistaken. They are ridiculously perfect. No one has a family like this. This is a fantasy. You're not going to learn anything being with these lollipops. There is nothing wrong with your premise, Doctor, it just needs a little tweaking to bring it closer to real life. I can help, if you'd like. [Bridge] I'm on it, Captain. It's nothing important. It's just escapist reading. Klingons do have what you might call a romantic side. It's a bit more vigorous than most. It's not a technical manual, Tom. To an engineer, that means specialising in particular systems. But I can't promise I won't put a dagger in your throat. Have you heard about the Doctor's new family? I think he was a little overwhelmed at first, but I have to give him credit. He's sticking with it. What? (An eddy appears.) Speak for yourself. I don't see how. We can't transport with this kind of turbulence. I'm detecting some kind of unstable interfold layer, not in space or subspace. It could be where the eddies originate, and where the probe is now. We could do that, but Voyager's energy emissions are so high they'd corrupt the particles. I'm not sure the plasma would be much use to us. You'd be exposing yourself to radiation poisoning. I'm working on them. I can't access them.  The communications bandwidth is as wide as I can get it.  I've got the shuttle on sensors. The hull is breaching. He's injured.
The High Council had a lot of questions. The truth, with a Klingon twist. I told them that my beloved former captain, who had saved my life many times in glorious battle, would be honoured to submit Korath's House for consideration. I'm just the Federation liaison, but I'd like to think I have some influence. You still haven't told me why you're trying to help Korath. Would this old friend have anything to do with the mission that you sent my daughter on? Couldn't you at least have waited until after the reunion? She really wanted to be here.  Tom. Tom? It's time. I'll give you one guess. Tell me you're joking. I want this thing out of me now.  I don't want this whole system crashing because of one faulty relay. Install new ones. And I need an update on the inductor capacitance. Shouldn't you be on the bridge? The last report I got said the comm. system was working perfectly. I'm fine. I'm ignoring it. You know, for a Starfleet fly boy you're pretty sweet. This armour technology that the Admiral brought? It's incredible. I hate to sound like Harry, but we might actually make it this time. Oh, I'm happy. It's just that I'd actually gotten used to the idea of raising our daughter on Voyager. And now I might end up delivering her at Starfleet Medical instead of Sickbay. Not as long as you're with me. And I want the Doctor. I don't want some stranger. If we do make it home, where do you think we'll live? Of course, it probably doesn't matter to you anyway. You fly boys are all the same. You'll probably take the first piloting assignment that comes along and leave me home to change the diapers. Go ahead, Captain. Yes, ma'am. (The ablative armour unfolds around Voyager. The Queen watches as it enters the nebula. A Cube fires at Voyager.) If you tell me to relax one more time I'm going to rip your holographic head off. Oh, believe it! What? I'm so glad I could accommodate you> Go. No buts, fly boy. If this mission is going to succeed we need our best pilot at the helm. Don't worry, the Doctor will be here with me. Let's get this show on the road. [Borg Queen's chamber] BORG
Tom, I'm sorry I'm late. (Paris greets Torres with a kiss.) Well, the last time I checked. Already trying. Since Kes is moving backward in time, she's already been infected by the radiation poisoning. If we can set up a bio-temporal chamber and expose her to a precisely modulated field of anti-chroniton particles, we feel this may purge her system and bring her back into temporal sync with there rest of us.  I'm ready to bring the chamber online. Bringing field stress to twenty five kilodynes. Whenever you're ready, Doc. Right. Right. Even so, I bet you found out some pretty interesting things. Are you telling?
Yes, Captain. There's a slight imbalance in the magnetic constrictors. It's causing the plasma stream to overheat. I have a team working on it. Go ahead. What is it? I'm on my way. Just stay out of our way. [Engineering] Have you tried adjusting the power transfer conduits? We have to try to contain the reaction in the core. Don't let the PTC temperature get above three point two million Kelvins. If you vent some plasma that hot through the nacelles, the warp coils are going to fry. Reinforce the structural field around the power transfer conduits, and then prepare to begin venting plasma! It's cascading. Get away from that console! Get away, Jonas! (Jonas' console blows up.) Computer, initiate plasma venting! PTC temperature is dropping. Approaching safe levels. We're under control. Which means the warp engines are useless until we can rebuild them. That's right. It's composed of polysilicate verterium and monocrystal cortenum. I have been since the accident. What brings you here? Why would you be interested in the comm. logs? Well, I can get you into them, but then you're on your own. I'm still trying to bring the magnetic constrictors into alignment. How far back do you want to go? Okay. The file's open. Transmissions are logged on by date and time. Anything else? Mike, we're going into the computer core to look over the magnetic constrictor circuitry. Hold down the fort. All right? I'm a little busy right now, Neelix. What do you need? Mister Hogan, could you please help Neelix out for a minute? Torres to Engineering. I need the electrodynamic load specs. They weren't with the other things you sent.
I finished without you. You're a little late. How's it going? Have you tried an isokinetic containment field? How long do you think repairs are going to take? I was just hoping that maybe you could help me recalibrate the plasma manifolds tonight. Tom, is there something wrong? I didn't think I was. That's ridiculous. Tom, you can do whatever you want. I just wanted to know if there was something wrong. I mean, lately you've been cancelling dates. You hide out for hours in the holodeck. Is it? You haven't even told me what holodeck programme this is that has you so fascinated. Very funny. I am not overreacting. There's obviously something going on and you're refusing to admit it. Excuse me. Are you going to talk about this? Because if you're not, I don't want to sit here anymore. Good night, Tom. [Steth's ship] What do you think you're doing? In my quarters? No. Tom. What is this? Why is it here? So this is your idea of an adult conversation? I don't know what you are trying to accomplish with this little stunt, but let me assure you, it is not working. I am sorry if you are bored because Steth is gone, but that doesn't mean that you can just walk in here and pretend like you haven't been shutting me out. Really? Steth turned out to be a positive influence on you.(He moves in for the kiss.) [Steth's ship] So, what's my big surprise? You mean the planet where Neelix is gathering food samples? Only a day? Oh, I think that we would need at least a week. You're serious, aren't you. Do you know how much trouble we would be in? Tom, I am swamped. I can't get away for an hour, let alone twenty four. I have responsibilities here. We both do. Tom, you're hurting me. Probably? It's a lovely garage, Tom, but I still don't understand why you brought me here. I see. To make it clear that I mean almost as much to you as a cam-a-ro.
I'm not complaining. [Holodeck - cinema] (A long room with a screen at one end and rows of seats. There are some people already seated. Paris has Opera house? Not another one of the Doctor's performances. It doesn't look very functional. There is such a thing as too much authenticity. Protective lenses? Let me get this straight. You've gone to all this trouble to programme a three-dimensional environment that projects a two-dimensional image, and now you're asking me to wear these to make it look three-dimensional again? Crick in your neck? Really? What did they go for? I can see why this was so popular. WOMAN: Shush!TORRES: Maybe this would be more fun if we were alone. No, That's Tabor. No, they were on the floor next to him. Funny. When we were in the Maquis together, we used to joke that Tabor must have had his own personal forcefield. He went through a dozen firefights without even getting his clothes dirty. He was doing his job. We're not Maquis anymore. Oh, come on. We put our differences aside seven years ago. It's ancient history. Good question. So? Yes, that's it. She's putting us all into stasis. The comas are just a cover story. Oh, please. [Tuvok's office] I understand. (Torres and the other Maquis have armed themselves with phaser rifles. The group splits up in a corridor.) [Turbolift] Torres to Chakotay. Deck eleven is secure. On screen. Looks like a nice place for a Federation colony. Take us into orbit. Start beaming them down. Begin on deck two, section zero one. What are you talking about? There's nothing wrong with the atmosphere. I can scan from here. Chakotay, what's going on? (Torres reaches for her phaser. Everybody draws theirs.) Shush!(They put on their 3D glasses.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Damn, I'm missing it. (Meanwhile, Tuvok turns around a painting of a naked lady to look at a map fastened to the back.) Forty five seconds. Here's to English precision. (Someone knocks on the door. Janeway picks up a handgun.) Got it. Let's see the code key. Maybe I can help. I'm upset. I need to see my special friend. Even if it means bothering him at the office. I'll try to locate the radio, see where the guards are posted, examine the locks. Gather enough information to get us inside. You don't know my friend. He would never do anything to harm his own child. (For the only time this season, the show acknowledges Roxanne's real-life pregnancy.) Ich muß mit ihrem Hauptmann sprechen. I'm sorry, I know I'm not supposed to come here. Don't blame him. I told him that I was ill and I had to see you. I don't know. I was dizzy. No. I feel better now. Maybe I just needed to see you. Why haven't you shown me this place before? I don't care what they think. It's beautiful. (She is referring to a small sculpture on a side table.) So many wonderful things. (Including a soldier with headphones on sitting at a radio set.) [Sainte Claire - Street] (Two Hirogen are walking together. ) When I was there yesterday I saw guards posted at all three stairways. You'll have to reach the second floor through the elevator shaft. The command post is in the main gallery at the end of the hall. Right.  Bobby. This is our city. We have no intention of lying low. Bring me one of those street maps. Most of the guns, we stole from the German army, the explosives we bought on the black market. Our biggest stockpile is buried here, two metres below the last row of seats of the Cinéma Mystère. You remember it, don't you? We dug a tunnel that leads directly to the stockpile. Here, I'll show you. Incidentally, we saw Death Takes a Holiday. You know, I think you're right. Not the movie, but I do remember the kiss. You mean the one asking me to leave France? There's never been anybody else. He's second in command of the Sainte Claire occupation. The first time he saw me, he said I was pretty. I took advantage of his interest. He doesn't know I'm in the Resistance. The child is his. So am I. (There is a noise from behind the bar. Everyone points a gun at it. A Jefferies tube hatch opens and Janeway looks out.) What is that? Some kind of an escape tunnel? And outgunned. They're setting up a machine gun emplacement across the street. Unfortunately, it's a very good projection. I feel twenty kilos heavier. It even kicks. What are you staring at? Really? If you say so. You're not the only one. (The Kapitan slaps Torres. Paris rises to protect her.) So much for the ceasefire. Maybe we should fall back?
Yours are the last piece to the puzzle. Tom and I have finally managed to get a weekend off together. I've been trading favours with members so that we could get the holodeck to ourselves. Well, that's the idea, yes. Well, if your tee time is more important than our happiness. Our first chance to be alone in months. Thank you. Something new, called Gedi Prime. Somehow I don't think that would add to the mood. You’re early. (She drags him to a quiet corner for a kiss.)TORRES: You packed? Problem? It’s all right. I said it’s okay. The holodeck will always be here. This race won’t. You’re right about that. Sure. No, thanks. Are you okay? If you're thinking of cheering me up, don't bother. And by the way, you can have your holodeck time back. He just cancelled it. No. And you’re not going to tell him, either. He just entered this big race, and he’s really excited and, I don’t want to spoil it for him. Probably. But he should be able to do what makes him happy. It’s time I faced facts, Neelix. Tom and I just don’t belong together. I didn’t say that. Maybe that isn’t enough. There’s a Klingon phrase my grandmother used to use. Mok'tah. It means bad match. That’s what Tom and I are. I just hate that it's taken me three years to realise it. No. Tom is a great guy. We’ve had a lot of fun together. And that seems to be enough for him. But not for me. I plan to. After the race.  Seven, I need to run a diagnostic on the lateral sensor array. With what? Seems like the entire crew has come down with race fever. I’m surprised you’re putting time into this. Your relationship with Lieutenant Paris. It's the erratic individual that takes getting used to. Say Q'apla! (Torres takes photograph of Paris as he turns.) TORRES: It means success. I just wanted to capture the moment. Not to mention that cute bewildered expression. There’s been a change of plans. I’m your new co-pilot. Neither do I. Ready to bring that impulse drive online? Okay. I was upset that you cancelled our weekend. But then I realised, why should we spend this time apart when we can be together doing something you love? I assigned him to a level five diagnostic in Engineering. I’m just kidding. I told him how hard it was for us to get time together and he understood. Anyway, the way I see it, you’re trading an Ensign for a Chief Engineer. And you know how much I hate to lose.  We've passed two more ships. Three still ahead of us. Hot but stable, thanks to the new fuel converter. (A ship passes them so closely they rock.)TORRES: That was the number eight ship. Whoever it is just grazed our shields. Port thrusters are offline. Assan just almost scraped us out of the race. Twenty seconds to the third marker. Assan's already rounding it, thanks to his little tactic. In a few minutes they'll just be echoes in our aft scanners. The what? I skimmed it. More or less. So, what exactly is this Mobius whatever?  Fifty metres, forty. We can get through. I'm reversing our deflector polarity. It'll repel their shields. Why wait for an opening when you can make one? Too risky? That doesn't sound like the Tom Paris I know. Deploying auxiliary thrusters. We'll need the extra manoeuvring power to get through the gap. Just steer the ship. (The extra thrust pushes them back into their seats. The Flyer scrapes between the two ships.) [Astrometrics lab]  We did it. I saw a chance and I took it. We may have had something to do with this too. We grazed both of their shields while in the anomaly. Why is that? He'll not only fix your ship, he'll polish the bulkheads. It's embarrassing. Right at the light, then readjust my sight. Come about eighty six degrees at the red giant then recalibrate sensors to compensate for photonic interference. Do I really have to spend my morning reciting nursery rhymes? You were expelled. That one doesn’t even rhyme. Here to spy on us? Straight through the gate. Harry sure had that glow, didn't he? You know, that look you get when you first meet someone. We're through the pulsars. Harry and Irina are right behind us. If circumstances were right they might even have a future together. Harry and Irina. No, I just meant that some people just fit together without having to work at it. And other people, no matter how much they try What? No, I didn't mean. We should concentrate on the race.  We're past the last marker. Time to deploy the thrusters? What happened to I'm the pilot? Could we talk about this later? Assan is gaining on us. Thrusters deployed. This isn't about the race anymore, is it?  I thought if we could do this one thing together, something you cared about, that it might help our relationship. That’s part of the problem. You know the rest. Maybe interesting isn’t enough for me. What are you doing?(Paris has turned off the Flyer's engines.) [Irina's ship]  Hey, I never asked you to give up this race, or anything else that you care about. I never asked you to stop being yourself. Wow. I didn’t know you felt that way. Well, you always seem to have other priorities.  How come you never talked to me about this before? Do I look that tough right now? Maybe. You tell me. That was nice. I like that one, too. How does that one work? We're being scanned by some kind of modulating pulse. It's from Irina's ship. There's something odd about the amplitude. What's it saying? The converter's leaking veridium isotopes. The online sensors have been tampered with. Too late. The veridium is already reacting with the warp plasma. In less than a minute. It's too late. I have to eject the core. Where are we going? I can't get the ejection subroutines online. My answer? You're proposing now? Subroutines back online. Clear! Go! I guess we lost. On what? I thought you only asked it because we were about to explode. How come you never asked me before? I’m thinking. Why? You going to withdraw the question? Thanks, but I already have a ring. Anyway, I kind of like the sound of Tom Torres. Hey, it is the twenty fourth century. (They kiss. The Delta Flyer glides away, with 'Just Married' painted on the stern and trailing strings of cargo canisters.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Let the games begin. He said it's illogical to continue losing to a clearly superior player. Reg, I'm sorry to bother you again, but I'm still having trouble with the warp core recalibration. Thank you. I really appreciate it. This one could keep us up all night. We wouldn't need a conduit anywhere near as big. And how do we do that? Who's your friend, Reg? A wormhole? What's going on? Reg. I'll cover for you. (Torres fires at the man and woman, but her holographic phaser has no effect.) [Holodeck - Jefferies tube]  I know you. You're Reg's friend. You've got something to do with what's going on here, don't you? Are you crazy? That'll cause a warp core breach.
Tom? Tom, wake up. (This one is fully human - no forehead ridges at all.) Yeah, it's me. I remember them grabbing us outside the caves and then I, I guess I just blacked out. The next thing I knew, they were waking me up in some kind of laboratory. I was so groggy I couldn't see. I asked them what they had done to me and then one of them said that they had completely extracted my Klingon DNA. I feel so weak, sick to my stomach. So strange. When I was a child, I did everything I could to hide my forehead. Hats, scarves, you name it. I grew up on a colony on Kessik Four. My mother and I were the only Klingons there, and that was a time when relations between the Homeworld and the Federation weren't too cordial. Nobody ever said anything, but we were different and I didn't like that feeling. Then my father left when I was five years old. One day he was there and the next he wasn't. I cried myself to sleep every night for months. Of course I never told anybody. And then I finally decided that he'd left because I look like a Klingon. And so I tried to look human. Maybe if they think I'm too weak they'll leave me behind. I could try to get my hands on that console over there. Tom, don't. They'll kill you. (The guard pulls out his weapon cum scanner cum organ harvester.) Tom, I've been thinking. When they did this thing to me, I think it changed more than just the way I look. Back there, when they took Durst away, I was terrified. You don't understand. I've been in worse situations but I've never felt like that before. Never. I mean, my heart was pounding and my hands were shaking. I didn't even try to help you. No, that's not it. I think that when they extracted my Klingon DNA, they turned me into some kind of a coward. That's okay, Tom. Maybe if I'm there I can try to make contact with the ship. [Transporter Room] Which one? A human female? [Barracks] (The guard walks over to the resting Torres, then the door opens.) Where are you taking me? No, please. (They drag Torres away, then B'Elanna attacks. The two Vidiians are easily disposed of. B'Elanna bends down to pick up a weapon and looks at Torres. She holds out her hand and helps her up. Then Torres faints, and B'Elanna carries her off over her shoulder.) [Cave] (The Klingon has lit a fire and is cooking something stuck onto the end of a sharpened stick.) What is it? No, thanks. How are we supposed to escape this place? There are guards everywhere. Maybe you haven't noticed, but I'm not exactly in fighting form. Apparently. I was looking for a way to escape. That's the way you respond every situation, isn't it? If it doesn't work, hit it. If it's in your way, knock it down. No wonder I got kicked out of the Academy. Well, I'm not! Your temper has gotten me into trouble more times that I can. Listen to me. Listen to us. This is ridiculous. Do you realise we're each fighting with our self. I don't know that I can get out of here with you. Brute force isn't going to do it. There you go again. Out of control. Just leaping into action before you think things through. No, wait a minute, that's not what I meant. I'm sorry. Please. Just before you rescued me, I logged onto the Vidiian's computer system. I only had a few seconds, but I think I found a way to access the force field that's cloaking this place. With a few minutes more I could have deactivated it. It may not be as exciting as fighting our way out, but it stands a much better chance of working, if I have your help. I can't get back to that computer without you. And you'll have to cover for me while I work. I have to bypass the security code so I can access the force field grid. Then I'll have a better idea of what we're dealing with. That should do it. There! That's what we're up against, and I think we're here. I'm working on it. (An alarm goes off.) If they didn't know we were here before, they do now. Take it easy. I'll be done in a minute. Maybe I just don't have time to think about it. (A guard enters. B'Elanna shoots him but he manages to get a shot at her too.) Are you hurt? I think I've just about accessed the forcefield. Got it! There! [Bridge] Beam her to Sickbay! Wait a minute. You're not saying that you're going to change me back? So she's saving my life again. I'm not sure. It's been a pretty strange experience. I do know that right now, the way I am, I'm more at peace with myself than I've ever been before. And that's a good feeling. I'm incomplete. It doesn't feel like me. I guess I've had someone else living inside of me for too long to feel right without her. I know. I came to admire a lot of things about her. Her strength, her bravery. I guess I just have to accept the fact that I'll spend the rest of my life fighting with her. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
You said that fifteen minutes ago. You think he was given a harsher sentence because of his species? Where'd you get that?
Sounds like a perfectly natural reaction to me. That was part your old unimatrix, right? Well, isn't it at least possible that what you experienced was simply nostalgia? You know, sentimental feelings about the past. Okay. I think I've done all I can here. Anytime. Oh, and, er, you may not be nostalgic about the past, but I'd say you definitely have feelings about it. Strong ones. [Mess hall]
It also looks like there's a series of subterranean caves with an oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere. It's hard to get a precise reading. It could be anywhere from five hundred to one thousand metric tonnes. It'll be ready to go in three days.  Captain! We've completed our diagnostic on the alien device. It appears to be more than a weapon. It's also a very sophisticated medical scanner and surgical instrument. The amount of information this thing can gather puts a tricorder to shame. You fire this at someone, you learn everything about their anatomy, right down to their DNA sequencing. Compensate with the KLS stabiliser. Some kind of power drain. I can't localise it but we're losing power at the rate of  [Bridge] TORRES No effect, Captain.
It's extraordinary. It's losing power. I'd like to move it to Engineering to see if I can repair it before it drains completely. Captain, this thing has a completely unfamiliar power source. Once it stops working it's very possible I won't be able to get it going again, and we'll have lost an opportunity to study a new technology. The power's surging. If we can't find a way to stabilise it, we're going to lose it. Well, the energy signatures are incompatible, but it might buy us some time. Okay, let's give it a try. Two second burst, five percent maximum output. On my mark. Now. We're losing it. Let's try a longer burst at lower power. Now. I think it's working. EPS flow is holding steady. EM field leakage is minimal. Let's try to keep it below eighty five percent. Let's reinforce the power conduit coupling just to be on the safe side. (The object zooms in on a monitor to reveal that it is a silver robot. After the opening titles, we're back to colour and normal viewpoint.) It's suffered a lot of damage, but I think the EPS charge will keep it running for at least eighteen hours. This looks like some kind of programming centre. It's got arms, legs, we saw it move it's head. It's clearly designed to perform motor functions. So where did those commands come from? Speaking of sources, this energy module seems to be what powers the entire mechanism. It isn't designed to run on EPS energy, it runs on some kind of super-conducting plasma. If we keep charging it, we may end up destroying it. (The robot starts making stacatto noises.) It's trying to communicate. What are you trying to say? What's Pralor? If you can hear me, try to move, try to move your arm. (Torres waves her own arm in front of its eyes.) We've got to figure out a way to fix it. You go ahead. I could use some time alone to think. Get some rest, Harry. Don't make me laugh, Starfleet. And don't make me pull rank on you either.  Neelix, I need another pot of coffee. Just coffee. You're cutting me off? Oh, I guess you're right. It was starting to taste almost palatable. All I've been able to do is postpone the inevitable. The constant power depletion is like a bleeding artery, and I haven't got a tourniquet. Let me guess. Leola root. Salt? That is a very interesting story, Neelix. Now how about some more coffee. I'm going. I'm going. [Engineering] (Engineering is deserted. Torres goes to the robot, which is lying on a bench by the warp core, and knocks on its head.) Anybody home? What's that? You think I should go to bed too? Well, I guess I'm outnumbered. (Torres goes to bed, but doesn't lie there long.) [Sickbay]  Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. This is what I sleep in. I didn't have time to change. An engineering problem actually, but I thought you might have Not an engineer, right, but this isn't a typical engineering problem. I've been working on trying to repair a robot. He's about to die. Die, stop functioning, whatever, unless I can figure out a way to sustain his main energy source. It's some sort of chromo-dynamic module powered by a tripolymer plasma, but the plasma is contaminated. It's decaying. Right. It can't retain enough energy to keep the module running. You mean replacing the plasma itself? Well, that was one of my first ideas, but where do I get my hands on a polymer plasma composed of elements I didn't even know existed twenty four hours ago? It's, it's a very different substance. Too highly charged. It would burn out the robot's systems in seconds. It would be like trying to give a Bolian a blood transfusion from a Vulcan. It's a good idea, but warp plasma radiates at too high a frequency to alter electrochemically. Unless. I could modify a series of anodyne relays, attach them directly to the robots power module. They could act as a sort of regulator to make the warp plasma compatible with the robot's energy matrix. (Torres leaves.)  That's the last of the relays. Activating the relays. All right, Harry, start the infusion. Twenty percent nominal flow. Energy levels are up fourteen percent. Harry, give it a little more juice. Wait, the energy levels are rising too fast. We're going to burn out it's systems. Let's give it a try. It's stabilising. Hold the flow right there. Let's see what happens. The plasma is circulating. The programming centre is activated. I think we may have done it. (The robot takes hold of Torres' arm.) I'm Lieutenant B'Elanna Torres of the Federation Starship Voyager.  I think we're past the critical stage. Automated Personnel Unit 3947 is an extremely well designed machine. So how did you end up floating in space so badly damaged? Do you know what caused the explosion? Do you remember where you come from? Well, we'll do our best to find your ship and return you to your people. I'm hoping that the memory loss is only temporary. Once the new plasma has the chance to fully integrate into your systems, I think you'll be pretty close to optimal. Yes, I adapted your module to accept our warp plasma as an energy source. A builder? Well, I guess you could say that. I'm an engineer. I'm responsible for repairing and maintaining all the systems on the ship. The Builders are the people who created you? And they're humanoids like me? You don't need a new module. The one I just fixed will work fine now. Can't the Builders make additional units?  Apparently thousands of them were built as service modules, but the race who created them, these Builders, were killed off decades ago in a war. Now they're wearing out, breaking down. They've learnt to make repairs to themselves, some pretty complex, but the construction of a power module, the device that sustains them, is beyond their grasp. It's an incredible challenge, Captain, but with enough time to study their systems, I might be able to do it. They've expressed a desire to procreate. That's basic to any life form. Are you sure? Suppose they were organic but they had become sterile, and we had a treatment that would enable them to start reproducing again. Would you withhold that treatment? What's the difference? To correct a flaw. I'm trying to save them from extinction. So you're just willing to let their entire society die off. Some day could be too late. There are only a few hundred of them left. Captain! She's following our Prime Directive. It forbids us to interfere in the natural development of other cultures. Captain Janeway doesn't think that's a good idea. Maybe. I don't know. I'd like to try, but I can't. So did I. We've located your ship. We should be in communications range in about an hour.  Captain Janeway gave me permission to give you some extra warp plasma, in case the plasma we infused into your system starts to degrade. And you'll have to remodulate the anodyne relays periodically. I'm just making sure. Well, I guess this is goodbye. (Torres holds out her hand. 3947 takes it and then there is a whirring sound.) What are you doing? (Energy flows over Torres, and she collapses into 3947's arms. It then zaps the transporter operator.) [Bridge] What the hell is going on here? I told you I can't help you. Now return me to my ship. Torres to Voyager. I helped you. I reactivated you. Why are you doing this? Captain Janeway won't let you get away with this.  You've got to stop this. They're helpless. Can't you see that? We are not your enemies. Captain Janeway backed me when I wanted to reactivate you, over the objections of her Chief Security officer. You wouldn't even be here if it weren't for her. All right, if that's what it will take to stop this, I'll do it. I'll build your damned prototype! [Bridge] Captain, is everybody okay? I've agreed to help them build their prototype. I know how you feel about this, Captain, I don't like it either. But if I don't do it, they'll destroy Voyager. What choice do I have? [Pralor vessel] Proceed. Right. But the question is, where do I proceed from? Let me ask you this. Have any of you ever tried to build a prototype. What was the problem? And you're sure you reproduced the module exactly? Well, let's see. We've been working for about five minutes so I guess we don't have a lot of progress to report. Why? We don't seem to be any match for you. I don't know if a promise means anything to you people but it does to us. I gave you my word that I'd do my best, and I will. Thank you. But I have to tell you there are no guarantees here. Building a prototype from scratch is a lot different than repairing a broken power module. I don't even know if it's possible. I don't need to be threatened. I told you I'd do my best. Let me see one of those terminated power modules. [Briefing room]  Hand me the sub-micron scanner. Phase coil resonator. Well, I think I know why your other prototypes failed, but I'm not sure I know what to do about it yet. The automated units are modular. Your parts are identical, interchangeable, right? So if you lose an arm you can replace it with another one, and over the years you've learnt to make new arms because they're all the same and your programming is sophisticated enough to allow you to reproduce what you see. But each power module has a slightly different energy signature, so even if you copy this guy's module exactly it wouldn't work in any other unit. As far as I can tell, every automated unit has a power module with a unique energy code. I don't think so. Hey, do all you automated units give up the minute you hit a bump in the road? What we've got to do is design a standardised module with a uniform energy code that can power any unit. You took the words right out of my mouth. [Bridge]  So far so good. I'm not getting any feedback from the motor circuits. Are you going to be the obstetrician of this unit, 3947? If this works, will you be in charge of assembling the new units? Sounds like you just volunteered for new duty. I hope you're watching closely. Well, once we have the prototype, all you'd have to do is copy it. Tell me something, thirty nine. Can I call you thirty nine? Fine. 3947. Did you wake up on a bench like this one? How long have you been alive? Tell me something more about these Builders. Were they anything like us? Well. I asked about your culture, only fair you should ask about mine. As a matter of fact, it does. Well, they come different shapes, and sizes. Some have limbs, some don't. Most don't have your cognitive abilities. I guess, you could say that the robots we use are servants in a manner of speaking. But they aren't sentient like you. In fact, we have only one sentient artificial life form in our society, and he is treated the same as any human. That's right. He works on a ship just like you or I. He wears the same uniform I do. He has a name like the rest of us. Data. Ah, looks like this standardised power module is working pretty well so far. Don't send me flowers yet. I've still got to see whether it will power an actual unit. Well, it fits. Cross your fingers. So far so good. Let's hope it can interface with the unit. (The unit tries to sit up, then fall back.) It does not function correctly yet. Your builders should have programmed you with a little more patience. I'm going to try adjusting the flux capacitance. (The unit sits up.) We did it. We actually did it! I am congratulating you. You're a father! [Bridge] (The new arrival flies past Voyager and starts attacking the Pralor vessel.)  Who are they? Robots from another world? Why are they attacking you? The Cravic Builders, the Pralor Builders, were they enemies? Look, maybe Captain Janeway can contact the Cravic leaders and convince them to stop the fighting, then Why not?  If both sides were annihilated then why continue your war? Has anyone in all these years ever tried to stop this war? Wait a minute. If both sides called a truce, then why didn't they stop you from fighting? And? The individual energy codes. Is that why the builders added them? To prevent the procreation of these units? My god, what have I done? (She picks up a tool from a bench.) Yes, I have. Never. I never wanted to be your enemy. I'm sorry. (Torres is beamed away.) [Shuttlecraft] Mmm. I never thought Neelix's coffee could taste so good. I don't know what to say. Thank you. Difficult? It was necessary. You should have seen it, Captain. It was incredible. I installed that module, and the prototype looked up at me and asked me for programming. It was necessary. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Can you imagine what we could make with this stuff? Probe casings that could go into the core of a sun, ultra-thin reactor shielding. Or better yet, maybe we could get a firsthand look at this element in its natural environment. It looks like most of these asteroids support Class M atmospheres. It's organic. Some kind of biopolymer residue.  The readings are higher over here, but I still can't find the source of the. Commander? Class five humanoid. It appears to be dead. (They move onto a ledge overlooking a large area where there are more cobweb covered shapes, then go down to investigate more closely.)  It's emanating from their bodies, Captain. We think it's some kind of [Bridge] TORRES Well, I think I've found out about all I can with my eyes. They like to bury their dead on asteroids. That's about all I can tell without a tricorder. No artefacts, no inscriptions, just some naked dead people. The Klingons believe in an afterlife, but there's no burial ritual. They just dispose of the corpse by the most efficient means possible. This isn't one of the bodies we found in the cavern. It's someone else. Wait a minute. I'm showing signs of electrical activity in the brain. It looks like she died just a few minutes ago. We might be able to revive her. If we can, we might get some answers. What do you suggest we do, Commander? Kim's gone. She's the only one who might be able to tell us what happened.  I've pinpointed the location, Captain. It's right here in Engineering. Stand by. (Torres opens the door to the Jefferies tube entrance, and finds a web-covered body.) [Waiting room] The vacuoles are disrupting the warp core's magnetic interlocks. It won't be long before we lose antimatter containment. No. The magnetic interlocks have stabilised. I think we're safe out here. Aye, Captain. [Mess hall] Wait a minute, Captain. Maybe there is a way to send Ptera home and find Ensign Kim at the same time. What if we recreated the transporter accident? If it's true that Harry was pulled through the vacuole during transport, we might be able to reproduce those circumstances and send Ptera home. Right.  We've got one, Commander, forming ten metres below us, deck thirteen. The field is fluctuating slightly, but holding. I'd say we're safe for another two hours. Aye, Captain. Another vacuole. Deck fifteen. The dampening field's down to twenty one percent. The interlocks won't hold much longer. I recommend leaving, Captain.
 There's pressure building up in plasma conduit G six. Ashmore, open up the emergency vent. I'll try to reroute the plasma flow. [Bridge]  The plasma injectors are offline, Captain. We're working on them now. (A conduit blows up in Torres' face.) [Bridge] That's supposed to make me feel better? Morning? What am I doing here? Ow! This time Doctor, I'm not going to argue with you. Harry, what happened to your face? It's kind of cute. Makes you look like a speckled targ. Hey, it's all part of the adventure of space travel, right? What. What is it? Thanks. See you later, Spot. [Ready room]
The plasma couplings are online. We're ready for the antimatter transfer.  Impressive. You should try some Chopin when you're done. Look who showed up for the final movement. I'm reading microfractures all over the hull. Engineering to the Captain. We've found something.  Captain. We've detected microfractures in one of Voyager's docking ports. I had suspicions that it wasn't. Seven confirmed them. We analysed them and found artificial gene sequences. The parasites are synthetic. Torres here. Understood. [Varro ship - Central Control]
The bridge. Not at all. Not bad, I guess. No more than usual. About what? Why do I get the feeling that you're testing me? Why? Computer, halt turbolift. Look, what's this all about? Are you saying there's going to be a mutiny? I'm working on it, sir. Right. To tell you the truth, shooting Harry got me a little rattled. They've got us pinned down. Seska! Thanks. What's that supposed to mean? Hey, hey, hey. Take it easy. Computer, freeze programme. Are you in the habit of just walking in on people's private holodeck time? Is it lunch time already? I must have lost track of the time. It's really something. I was doing a routine purge of the database, you know, taking out old files that were taking up space, and I found this holonovel. It's a kind of 'what if' story, all about a Maquis mutiny. It's completely compelling and believable. I guess it's because it's all about us. Now, that is the big mystery. Whoever the author is has gone to a lot of trouble to keep his identity a secret. It's been encrypted. Well, think about it. Whoever plays this programme takes on the role of a Starfleet security officer who gets approached by Chakotay to help the Maquis take over the ship. I mean, it's pretty inflammatory. Probably. Excellent point. You? I was just getting to the good part. All right. You owe me one. [Holographic Corridor] (Paris is now the security Ensign.) Ah ha. You should have tried going along with the mutiny from the beginning. It's much more fun. Don't look at me. I didn't tell him. I may have let it slip while I was running his weekly diagnostic. There. I've bypassed the security override. Try it now. I've tried every decryption protocol I can think of. Whoever wrote this is good. Er, actually, er, Captain, I'm the one who found it on the auxiliary database. Oh? Artistic differences? Well, I've got a couple of suggestions that might help. Now, up until now the story's been nothing but action, which is fine. But what it needs is a little heart, a little emotion. Listen, I don't care which one of you is writing this thing. All I'm saying is that there is room in every good story for a little bit of passion. Oh, that's realistic. What she lacked in loyalty she made up for in ingenuity. According to the back-up computer logs, she got into Tuvok's scenario on stardate 48671 about a month before she left the ship. She programmed it to cause all of these shutdowns the next time Tuvok reopened the narrative parameters file, which he didn't do until today. Seska laid booby-trapped subroutines everywhere. If we try to open the holodeck doors, the power grid is rigged to explode. Seska's programme is adding new algorithms to counteract the changes we're making. I can't get in. Torres to Kim. How are you coming [Bridge] TORRES I'm on it. [Holographic Cargo Bay]  It's working. I don't believe it. The programme is reconfiguring the subprocessors to counter every change we make. No matter what we do, it rewrites itself so that Tom and Tuvok will die.  I don't know how she rigged it, Captain, but when she ordered the self-destruct it initiated an overload in the holodeck power relays. The whole grid is going to blow. [Holographic Cargo Bay]  It's over. So, you two are going to have to come up with a new idea for your next literary collaboration. Or a detective story?
It may not be as easy as it sounds. Not with holograms as sophisticated as these. Take a look. They're not malfunctioning, are they? They're doing exactly what the Hirogen want them to do, Captain. Fight back. And that makes it right? Exactly. We could reconfigure the deflector dish to emit an anti-photon pulse. About two hours.  We need more time, Captain. He's got a point. It's possible. Yes, ma'am. Torres here. Aye, Captain. [Turbolift]  They're creating a feedback surge. I don't understand how they could've isolated our frequency so quickly. Shut it down. Keep trying. If we can't block the surge, the core is going to breach. (The deflector dish starts to break up. Lots of things go Bang! all over the ship. An electric discharge hits one engineer. Torres works by the core.) Not until I get this forcefield online.(The forcefield activates around the warp core just as Torres gets hit by a discharge.) [Iden's ship - Bridge]  You can tell this Iden I don't need time to think it over. I'll take the escape pod now. Then you can do it. You helped them escape. Did you also help them kidnap me? You can apologise later. Right now we've got to get out of here. What's your alternative? I don't believe I'm hearing this. You're part of a crew. You can't just switch allegiances when you develop sympathy for someone else. That was different. Look, I am no fan of the Hirogen. They've obviously been abusing these holograms. For one thing, I'm their prisoner. You really believe that? It looks like an Alpha Quadrant summit in here. I can't say I'm very comfortable myself. He speaks highly of you, too. He seems to be easily impressed. I'm not here to make friends. I'll look. But I'm not making any promises. That's because you haven't got enough optronic capacity. Yes. I haven't decided yet. What are you staring at? What do you think? Sorry to disappoint you but, that's a stereotype. We're not all vicious and bloodthirsty. And not every Cardassian is arrogant and cruel. Let's just say I've had some bad experiences with them. I'm not helping you because I have no idea what you're going to do with this technology once you've got it working. Well, let's say I believe you. What if you decide you like somebody else's home better? Are you going to try to take it from them? Because that's what the Cardassians did. Programmed with Cardassian traits. I may not know you, but I know what you were designed to be. That's right. Cunning prey that'll do anything to survive. It's not easy to change who you are. Trust me. No, I suppose it hasn't. Let's take a look at this field generator. [Iden's ship - Bridge] Hang on. I'm realigning your matrix. How's your mobility? There's a phase variance in your vocal processors. Try it now. Don't thank me yet. This thing is only supporting your matrix. Getting it to handle dozens is a different story. Typical. Self-confidence. Another Cardassian attribute. What are you planning to do with your time once these generators are up and running? You're the closest thing this crew has to an engineer. Your friends are going to depend on you. It may be the warriors who get the glory, but it's the engineers who build societies. Don't forget that. [Iden's ship - Bridge] Pretty well. I've got to admit you were right about these people. You hope? It's a little late to be having second thoughts. Iden's been what? He wouldn't be the first hologram with an ego. What is bothering you?  You kidnapped me. I guess I shouldn't be surprised you lied to me, too. You said you only wanted to make a home for yourselves. When? After you liberate every hologram in the sector? What the hell are you doing? No!  (Torres lunges at Weiss, but she is dragged off him.) You already had the holograms. There was no reason to commit murder. This is the leader you admire so much?(Torres is taken away.) We can assign blame later. Right now we've got to find a way out of here. I'm hoping she'll help us. You need to modify their projection subroutines. I hope these holograms appreciate what you're doing for them, considering it cost two people their lives. Do you believe it was necessary? Why does Iden get to make all the decisions? You can take control. You're the engineer, remember? Take Iden offline. (Iden enters.) Nothing. They're functioning perfectly. They were only programmed with about forty rudimentary subroutines. You killed two living beings to liberate mindless machines. They can't support complex subroutines. What are you doing? (Iden takes the mobile emitter.)  You don't have to be a part of this. (Bang!) What about the people being killed on the surface? You've got to transport them back to their ships. (The forcefield fails.) You're not. Hail them.  Are we still tied into the generator controls? Then shut down the holograms. (She does, just as a human, a Breen and a Cardassian are about to kill two Hirogen.) Can we reactivate the Doctor?(The EMH appears on the planet, armed with an Hirogen rifle.) [Delta Flyer] The Doctor's on the surface. There's some Hirogen down there, too. Iden's programme is unrecoverable. The rest of the holograms are intact in the database. They've both proven that they can be trusted, Captain.
I know, I know. We have to talk. No, no, I meant it. But I don't expect you to reciprocate. Really, you can just pretend that I didn't say it. In fact let's just pretend that I didn't I was just leaving. Lieutenant. (Torres leaves, hurridly.) Tom will do fine. He's a very responsible guy. What's that supposed to mean? Let's get one thing straight. I don't appreciate you or anyone else speculating about the kind of friendships I have. Or who I have them with. There it is. No response. A few energy readings, but they're erratic. Propulsion and main power are down. No signs of life? I'd like to check your mobile emitter, make sure you made it through the transport okay. Thanks. Your holographic matrix is stable, Let me check your emitter's power cells. Where the hell did this come from? (Dejaren appears on the other side of the central command console.) No. Ah, that's one way of putting it, yes. (Dejaren flickers.) TORRES: It looks like your programme is fairly compatible with our holographic technology. Can you tell me where I can access your projection controls? You're obviously malfunctioning. Maybe I can repair you. I think I've stabilised your programme, but I'll need access to your primary isomatrix. Where is it? Why not? Thanks. Careful! That's an isomimetic conduit. You could destabilise your matrix. (She turns the power off.) It's all right. I could use a break. Thank you. (She tries the rations.) I'll take that as a compliment. As soon as I'm done with lunch, you could help me access your primary matrix. Is something wrong? No. No, I understand how you feel. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to offend you. Right. I'm going to go give the Doctor an update. I'm sorry to hear that. But you have to realise that we're here to help you. Thanks for the rations. [Command chamber]  We've got a problem. I think there's a problem with our isomorph and I'm not talking about his emitters. I've just spent the last ten minutes hearing his views on biological life. Let's just say they're a bit unconventional. Did you realise that we organics are a bunch of inferior, disgusting animals? He started ranting about how much he despises organics. I didn't think I was going to get out of there without a fight. Inept? He's a lunatic. He has also been lying to us. I just ran a tricorder scan of the lower deck. The one he said was flooded with radiation? Well, it's not. I don't know. Maybe he doesn't want us to go down there. Maybe he's hiding something. How could I forget? You were a major pain in the I realise that he is a fellow hologram and that you are committed to helping him, but I want the ability to shut down his programme if I have to. I'm going to search the lower deck, see if I can access his primary isomatrix. You keep him occupied until I get back. I don't think he'd appreciate a filthy animal like me snooping around (Dejaran appears carrying an angular fish bowl.) No. Actually, I was just leaving. (Torres leaves.) The isomorph? I took all of his emitters offline. Ah! Oh, what did he do to me? Great. Prognosis? He must have disabled our comm. link to the shuttle. Help me get to the command chamber. [Command chamber]  Looks like he set up a dampening field. I think I can cut through it, but I'll need to open this control panel. My engineering kit, it's on that console. I did. Why? (Because Spectrum the fish is still swimming in his bowl.) Deactivated. Ready to get out of here.  [Chakotay's office] (Chakotay gets himself a glass of water and puts it on the control section of his desk. Nothing happens when it Does this mean you're too tired to meet later, in my quarters? It's a long story. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
It's a routine diagnostic. We've been having trouble with our imaging scanners. Thanks for the tip. [Cargo Bay one] Harry? [Engineering]  I'm routing maximum power to the transporters. [Transporter room] Engineering to bridge, we've got a problem. [Engineering]  That pulse triggered a variance in the antimatter stream. It's not much, but it'll light us up like a beacon when the next pulse hits. I can't correct it in time, so that leaves shutting down the core. [Bridge]  Get down to the plasma injectors. Grab a tricorder and monitor the antimatter flow. Almost [Engineering] There, Captain. I'm having a problem with the injectors. [Bridge]
Aye, Captain. Most of the debris we've examined is composed of a polyduranide alloy which isn't used in the construction of Federation spacecraft. This ship was Kazon. [Kazon trophy room] (Haliz brings other young Kazon with him.) Acknowledged.  Torres to Bridge. Sample received. I've got something [Bridge]  Right now. It's a piece of Chakotay's shuttle. [Tarok] (A buzzard cirles the bodies of Chakotay and Kar, lying on a rocky outcrop. They wake. Chakotay is holding a gun.) It appears to be coming from subterranean energy sources, several carefully concealed weapons systems, phaser banks, force fields, proton dischargers I'm already working on a dampening field to cut through the interference, but it'll take several hours at least. I still haven't been able to get the dampening field working. I can't even give you an estimate. Then I guess the Captain's going to be greeted by some unexpected visitors.
I've been looking over the primary systems. Helm, Ops, Tactical, they're comparable to Voyager's. But it's a lean ship, Captain. No shuttlecraft, only one transporter, no holodecks, no replicators. Aye, Captain.  Initiate emergency shutdown on my mark. Now. Try reversing the quantum field polarities. We did it. We've got our safety net. Thank you. You two run the analysis. I'll be on the bridge with Arturis. Our resident genius said he'd help me figure out how to use the control sequencers. Eager? I wouldn't go that far. That's looking on the bright side. Let's put it this way. I'd rather face the music back home than spend the rest of my life in the Delta Quadrant. What about you? Looking forward to seeing Earth? I'm not surprised. You think people are going to resent an ex-Maquis? What about an ex-drone? We'll be outcasts together. I'm kidding, Seven. It's a joke. Work on that sense of humour. It'll help you make friends on Earth. No problem. You speak Klingon. I only know speak a few phrases myself. A little too robust for me. (Janeway beams in with Seven and two security guards.) Captain? I'm already on it, Commander. [Voyager Engineering]  Stand by. Reroute auxiliary power to Deflector Control. Make sure that quantum warp field is stable.
Chakotay. There's another match scheduled at fifteen hundred. Correct me if I'm wrong, but you're in command until the captain gets back. Delegate. I happen to know that Harry's free this afternoon. [Mess hall] Ouch. Well, we've spent the last few days at the Tsunkatse matches. You should come to the match with us this afternoon. Well, I guess we won't be saving you a seat. The Borg wouldn't know fun if they assimilated an amusement park.  What about the seventh match? He was twenty three and oh as a light heavyweight. And? Careful, Harry. Legend has it that the Tattooed Terror has put more men in Sickbay than the Ankaran flu.  I don't care what Harry says. The Pensarkan-Bendali match is too close to call. Excuse me? You're sticking me with that shift so that you can go to the fight. Me and my big mouth. Words fail me. Now remind me. The reason that you have to see that fight is because? What does that have to do with Tsunkatse? Calling to give me a blow-by-blow description of the match, Commander? What?  I'm locked onto the coordinates of the pit. Seven's not there. Not according to these sensors. [Tsunkatse arena]  Acknowledged. [Tsunkatse arena] (The fighters fritz briefly.)TORRES It could take days before we can figure out where Seven and Tuvok are being held. Well, one of the reasons we were having trouble isolating the source of the transmissions was because they never seem to be coming from the same place twice. At first we thought the matches were being held in various locations. One that spanned the entire sector. It's way out of our weight class.  Direct hit to their aft shield generators. Shields down to forty percent. Thirty two percent. [Tsunkatse combat pit]  Shields are down. We've lost weapons. Great. Now they're bringing in reinforcements?
Phenomenon? I'm not sure what you mean, Captain. The Captain's consciousness might have phase-shifted out of our reality. Harry and I can run a full subspace sweep, see if we can come up with anything.  I've reconfigured the lateral sensor array to scan subspace. I'm going to activate the magneton scanner. It might pick up an anomalous presence. (The bright light comes through the door.)  When I came to this ship I resented the fact that Captain Janeway was responsible for our being stranded here in the Delta Quadrant. I didn't think that she made the right decision, and I certainly didn't want to serve under her command. In the beginning, I fought her. Even when she made me Chief Engineer, I didn't trust her reasons. I kept looking for a hidden agenda. I actually believed that she'd set me up to fail. Well, I couldn't have been more wrong. She saw, she saw something in me that I didn't see. She saw a worthwhile person, where I saw a lost and hostile misfit. And because she had faith in me I began to have faith in myself. And when she died, the first thing I thought was that I couldn't do this without her. That I needed her too badly. Her strength and her compassion. But then I realised that the gift that she gave me, and gave a lot of us here, was the knowledge that we are better and stronger than we think. I wish I had said these things to her. I wish I'd taken the time.
At first I thought it was a problem with the communications grid, then I cleared up the last few seconds of telemetry. Take a look at this. (The probe was taken inside a Borg cube.) Unfortunately, the passage is filled with intense gravimetric distortions. probably caused by a string of quantum singularities.  I'm not sure, Captain. Some kind of subspace turbulence is preventing us from creating a stable warp field. [Bridge] I can't get a lock on them. It looks like bioelectric interference from whatever's coming toward them. [Borg Cube] No effect. I'm going to try a skeletal lock. I think I can get a clean lock on the minerals in their bone tissue. I just came up with it, but I think it might work. [Borg Cube]  I've got them.  We've analysed the Borg's tactical database. They refer to these new aliens as Species 8472. The Collective has very little information about the species. I'm afraid so. I'm localising the gravimetric distortions. That's right. The Borg gain knowledge through assimilation. What they can't assimilate, they can't understand. Aye, Captain. The Borg shields are weakening. We might be able to break free of the tractor beam. The Borg shields are offline. I've got a lock on Captain Janeway. I'm trying to energise. The Borg are scattering the beam. No effect. We've just received word. Tuvok beamed to the Cube. He's joined the Captain. I'll try, but the Borg are already regenerating their shields. It won't work. They'll be able to adapt too quickly. Aye, sir. You've still got a tendril up your nose. Direct hit to our secondary hull! We're emitting a resonant gravitation beam. It's creating another singularity. I'm re-calibrating sensors. The entire region is filled with some kind of organic fluid. This isn't space. It's matter. Just a few more seconds. Almost there, Chakotay. You've got to keep her distracted if we're going to make this work. Initiating power surge now! (Both Chakotay and Seven feel the effects of the energy surge. Their neural transceivers overload and they pass out.) [Bridge]
Not really. The polyferranide deposits are contaminated with astaline. That line is going to be cut short when our nacelles burn themselves up if we don't find it soon. Torres to Bridge. We're in luck, Captain. [Engineering]  My readings are showing high concentrations of polyferranide about ten kilometres below the surface. [Bridge] On my way.  We may be out of luck. I'm not sure we can transport down. Every time we try to lock onto a transport site, a storm begins. We've tried seven different sites and as soon as we lock on, an electrical storm forms right above the location. When we change sites, a new storm forms and the old one dissipates. That's as good a guess as any. I can't explain it. We just can't transport. Shields are holding.  Altitude, five thousand metres. Visibility still zero. Switching to enhanced terrain scanning. It's just what we've been looking for. Almost pure polyferranide. But there's a problem with crust reactivity. If we can't solve it before excavation, we might contaminate the entire yield. What? The dwellings are constructed with an alloy polymer matrix we've never encountered before, Commander. Where's Chakotay?  He was right behind us. I don't understand what could have happened to him.  I don't understand it. It's the same thing that happened the first time we tried to go down. A storm develops wherever we try to lock on. I've got them running twenty percent over rated maximum. [Bridge] TORRES I can try to [Engineering]  Augment the engines with power from the auxiliary fusion reactors, but it's going to take at least twenty minutes. [Bridge] Ten minutes. I just need [Bridge] TORRES  Stand by, Bridge. We're initiating the transfer now. [Bridge] The fusion [Engineering]  Reactors are nearly drained. Fighting the storm is taking every reserve we have. [Bridge] I'm sorry, Captain. That's all we've got. [Bridge]
The problem is that on this end, it's jumping from point to point so quickly that even at maximum warp, by the time we got to its next probable location, it would be gone. If we could somehow amplify and polarise that instability, we might be able to get the wormhole to reappear. We've been bombarding the area of the subspace instability with verteron particles. And even if we're lucky enough to get it here, it won't be around for long. We'll have a very short window of opportunity to get through.
 Higher. I said higher. Level us off. Computer, disengage safety protocols. Override. Drop the forcefield on my mark. Mark. (Torres jumps out of the back of the shuttlecraft, and free dives through the clouds.) I don't believe it. Computer, end programme. (The fall ends gently, with Torres being allowed to get her feet under her before the simulation vanishes.) [Corridor] I was on the holodeck, orbital skydiving. Actually, I'm not feeling so well. Can you handle the launch without me? Problem? No. Don't. [Bridge] Sorry I'm late. No. I don't see how we could get close enough. Not in that kind of atmosphere. Sounds fine to me. I'm going to finish up the thruster specs. [Paris's quarters] Thruster specs. My quarters. Not tonight. Nothing. I'm sorry. Tom, I'm tired. I guess I didn't. I'm doing my job, aren't I? I delivered the thruster specs on schedule. I have to go. [Corridor]  Computer, activate holodeck programme Torres two one six. Disengage safety protocols. Override. Oh. I was just hoping we could catch up. If you have the time. Oh. Er. Huh? Sorry. Actually, I was hoping for banana pancakes. My grandmother used to make them for me when I was a kid. It's always put a smile on my face. Thanks. So how have you been? Sure. (She has one small fork-full.) Delicious. I have to get back to work. [Bridge] (Voyager and the freighter are flying in close formation above the gas giant.) Vorik, turn that damn thing off. I can't hear myself think. Holodeck. To find out if this microfracture problem is a fatal flaw. [Holodeck - Delta Flyer]  Computer, activate immersion shielding. Commence descent sequence. Continue descent. Disengage safety protocols. Override. Reroute power from secondary systems to structural integrity.  What am I doing here? How long was I out? I'd better get back to work. Why? But I feel fine. (Janeway enters.) Captain, what's going on? I guess the accident was pretty serious. Well, I'm an engineer. I've had my share of bumps and bruises. I don't run to Sickbay every time I stub my toe. Do I look like I'm dying? Oh, that's ridiculous. We have a microfracture problem. With the safety protocols on, there's no way to be sure what would happen during a real flight. Are you calling me a liar? Would you like to look at my personal logs as well? Nothing's wrong. Okay? I'm not. I'm sleeping! (Chakotay enters.) Oh. Hi. I, I thought you were the Doctor making a house call. He thinks familiar surroundings will help speed my recovery. That's what I said. He thinks I'm suffering from clinical depression. What are you, the new ship's counsellor? This whole thing is so ridiculous. I don't report a few scrapes and suddenly Janeway thinks there's something wrong with me. Typical Starfleet, huh? A few, but I haven't put anybody else at risk, and it's nothing that I can't handle. Right now? She's taken away my holodeck privileges. What are you doing? [Holodeck - caves] (Chakotay drags Torres into the caves. There are flashes of weapons fire, voices shouting and bodies on the ground.) Computer, freeze programme. Turn it off! You know what it is. (Chakotay turns over one charred body.) Li-Paz. Don't you recognise him? I thought we came down here to talk about safety protocols. This has nothing to do with that. This is ridiculous. I'm leaving. You can't do this! I don't know. No. Because. Because if I sprain my ankle, at least I feel something. I'm not trying to kill myself. I'm trying to see if I'm still alive. When you look at those corpses, how do you feel? Not me. I don't feel anything at all. You don't understand. It's not just the pain. I don't feel anything. Not about my dead friends, not about Tom, you, my job. Why? Just so I can go through it all over again? When I was six, my father walked out on me. When I was nineteen, I got kicked out of Starfleet. A few years later, I got separated from the Maquis. And just when I start to feel safe, you tell me that all of our old friends have been slaughtered. The way I figure it, I've lost every family I've ever had. You can't promise me that. I don't know how. You'd better go. [Bridge] (Malon spatial charges are exploding around Voyager.)  Chakotay, let me go. I am not out to get myself hurt if that's what you're thinking. I just want to do my job. If that hull breaches, I should be there. I'm still the best engineer we've got. I can do this. I need to do this. (He gives her the toolbox he is carrying.) [Delta Flyer] (The Delta Flyer has multiple windows around and above the cockpit, not just a forward viewscreen.) I heard you might need some help keeping this thing from falling apart. Vorik, you're in my seat. Structural integrity's at ninety two percent. Structural integrity's down about twelve percent. We're losing integrity. Fifty percent, forty. We're losing structural integrity. It's down to twenty five percent. We've got microfractures forming. Aft starboard hull, zone two. Harry, I need those secondary systems back online. Patching a hole before it opens. It'll hold a minute or two, and with any luck that's all we need. Seven, take over here. I need an EPS relay. Good. Get away from it. (She attaches the relay to a device she has taken from a locker.) I need a phaser. (Kim throws one to her. She plugs it into the device as the repair starts to buckle. Then she turns the phaser on and adjusts the EPS relay power feed.) Watch out. I don't know if this is going to work. (She creates a forcefield across the area of the microfractures. When the hull breaches, the ship is still safe.) You mean am I back to my old charming self? I don't know. Chakotay. What you did down in the holodeck today. Thanks. But if you ever do anything like that again, I'll break your neck. [Mess hall]  Computer, one stack of banana pancakes with maple syrup. (Torres takes a mouthful and smiles.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Then why don't they get themselves out? Understood.  Looks like we made it. Normal. (Garishly painted walls. Lots of acrobats writhing around to slightly merry electronic music.) Neither do I. (They are watched by a figure dressed in mostly grey.) Another town. We want to talk to them. (The man in grey takes their arms.) Let's get out of here. Harry! Harry! (Kim has his hands fastened behind his back, is carried to the guillotine and put in it face down. All the characters think this is hilarious.) Harry! Harry! Harry! Harry! What is going on? Who is he? That's our wake-up call. It's been a real pleasure, but we're leaving. Come on. How is that possible? But none of this is real. Then you'd better let us tell them. Who wished him up? Not unless you're prepared to leave one person in stasis permanently. Oh, he'd notice. He was very smart to reject the whole notion of a simulated brain. It just wouldn't be the same. There is no way an artificial intelligence can replace actual brain functions. I don't know what he could have been talking about. The optronic pathways have nothing to do with the neural interface. It doesn't make any sense. They, they control the basic elements of the environment, access databanks that were programmed when the system was created. If we interrupt the optronic pathways, we could disassemble that entire world and its characters, piece by piece. How did Viorsa manage to communicate this without the Clown knowing about it? I'm not sure how many there are, Captain. And I'll have to do it manually because we don't know how to deprogram the system.  There are almost forty pathways to disable, Captain, but I should be able to get it done in under two minutes.  Twenty-two. Some kind of protection device. I'm locked out. I'll have to disable it. [Fantasy land] (Viorsa is fighting against being put into the guillotine. The EMH tries to help and is pushed away by a character which then vanishes.) Just ten more pathways. (Viorsa is locked into the guillotine and the blade drops.) We're finished here, Captain. The recall subroutine has been activated. Initiating all backup systems. The hostages should regain consciousness in less than ten minutes. [Fantasy land]  All systems functioning as anticipated. Resuscitation entering final warming.
Congratulations, Lieutenant. Well, this is all very interesting, but are we sure it's worth putting our lives on the line? Correct me if I'm wrong, but each Borg vessel has a device that links it to every other Borg ship. If we can gain access to one of those and release the virus there, it should be transmitted throughout the Collective instantly. It just dropped out of transwarp three point six light years from here. I rechecked long range sensors. There's nothing. Make that three. If you're going to pull this off you'll need an engineer in there. Tactical directive thirty six A. There is now. I'll keep an eye on it. By point three microns. Since when are you so meticulous? Then I'd have to put you on report. You might lose that new pip of yours. Torres to bridge. The Delta Flyer is ready for launch. Come on, Chakotay.  It's time. I'm all right. (Her voice is gravelly.) I can live with it. The captain?  Fine. The primary access port. I think it's isolated from the main power grid. About thirty metres from here. (Tuvok is distracted by voices in his head.) Captain, I've bypassed the access codes. (She pulls down two sets of handles, and a hatch opens.)TORRES: Welcome to the central plexus.  This way. (Tuvok knocks her down, then catches Janeway) [Borg Queen's Chamber]
Quite a feat of engineering. Your father's planet. Ambitious. How did you think of scanning for neutrino fluctuations?
Return of the Midnight Snacker? Torres to Seven of Nine. Please report to Engineering. Seven, respond. (Seven stops being a little girl.)  Take a look at this, will you? I'm picking up an energy signal in the lower subspace bands, and if I'm not mistaken it's got a Borg modulation. A what? Can you pinpoint the origin? No offence, Seven, but you look terrible. Maybe you should get to Sickbay. I beg your pardon? Is this some kind of a joke? Tom put you up to this, didn't he? Well, it didn't work. Enough, Seven. Torres to Security. Get somebody down here right now. Get the hell away from me!  Let's keep an eye on those antigrav struts. Boylen, lock out all primary command consoles and reroute transporter controls to main Engineering. Glad to hear it. Does this qualify as our second date? So, where's the off switch? I'm reading a power surge. An organism that attacks technology? Torres to Bridge. We're ready to begin disabling the Vinculum.  Target the transneural matrix. Stand by to initiate the dampening field on my mark. Three, two, one, mark. Its power output is dropping. [Sickbay]  Power output is down to seventy seven percent. Seventy one percent. Wait a second. It's increasing. It's still increasing. Transfer emergency power. I'm going to try to remodulate our dampening field to compensate Two, maybe three minutes. Provided Voyager can stay in one piece for that long. [Bridge] Torres to bridge. [Engineering]  The Vinculum's stopped adapting. I think the new dampening field is working. We should have it disabled in the next sixty seconds. [Sickbay]  Power output's down to twenty nine percent. Twenty two. Seventeen. Bridge, we just lost the field emitters. [Bridge]  Bridge, the Vinculum's powering up again. It's working. Power output down to nineteen percent. Thirteen percent. [Meld]  It's done, Captain. The Vinculum's offline. (In the meld, the other people and the void vanish. Tuvok reaches Seven.) [Sickbay]
Cream of leola soup, fettran risotto, luhvian quail. It just keeps getting better. We're using power at almost ten times the usual rate. The same graviton forces that pulled us into the anomaly seem to be draining the warp core. At this rate, our deuterium will be gone in about ten days. Engineering to the bridge.  The warp core is offline. [Briefing room] (In semi-darkness) I may be able to get it back online, but we still need deuterium to get our basic systems running. If we shut down life support on all but a few decks, deactivate Astrometrics, turbolifts, ration replicator use, maybe a week. I can think of some better uses. Oh, I don't know. Making sure there's air to breathe. This must be where they cut through the casing to remove the core. Something's in there. Torres to Security. Intruder alert. Stay where you are. You have heard there is a food shortage? We appreciate the effort. (Neelix puts a plate of food in front of Paris.) What's this? (Torres' plate.) Neelix. Engineering to the bridge.  We're losing containment. At this rate, we'll be dead in the water in less than three minutes. [Bridge]  Okay, now connect the primary emitter relay. Pretty well. We just need to (The relay goes bang.) TORRES: I guess I was being a little optimistic. Unfortunately, nobody in the Alliance has one. We've been trying to build our own, but so far Captain Janeway, please report to Engineering. [Engineering]  Just what we needed, Captain. A fully compatible polaron modulator. Captain I need two more minutes. Just a few more seconds.
That region of space we're about to enter. It looks like it has a lot of M-class planets.  When are they going to get us out of here? To Catch A Thief. Clark Gable. I've seen the holographic version twice. It's Clark Gable. No more twentieth century entertainment. I'm terrible at it. My turn. Category, athletics. A notorious athlete, Parrises Squares championship finals, er, controversial decision. Impressive. Oh, great. You pick the one subject I almost failed at the Academy. Go ahead and ask. Ow! It just hurts a little. Feels like we've been here for days. Go ahead and ask your stupid question before I pass out and you don't have anybody to play with. Another clue. Oh, right, right. Er, er, er, Zephram Cochrane's ship. What was it called? Oh, it's on the tip of my tongue. Ow! No, no, I'm going to get this one. (The turbolift doors are crowbarred open.) It's about time. What happened to the turbolift?  Get me to the Jefferies tube network on deck eleven. The EPS manifold must have taken a hit, too. All right. I think so. [Bridge] Is that your expert opinion? It's all right. Not yet Captain. One of the warp nacelles is still offline. The other one's a lost cause. Right. What is it exactly? Ration cubes. I'm still having trouble with the starboard nacelle. Three weeks. Minimum. I'm doing my best.  The warp core's still offline. Aye, Captain. Aye, Captain. Captain, there's barely enough of this ship left to get there, much less wage a war.
It doesn't sound simple to me. I still have nightmares about what those people did to me. And now, you want to crack open my head, cut out a piece of my brain and give it to her? Not to me, it isn't. I am not going to (Denara enters.) That is an understatement. Of course I, I'd like to help you if I can. I'll go and get changed. [Sickbay] (Working on Denara's real body.)
What? I happen to know that Murphy is seeing one of the Delaney sisters. Harry and the Delaney sisters? He would have told me. Harry, is it true about you and the Delaney sisters? Harry, we're your friends. You can tell us. Forty thousand light years. Even if that's as far as we could go, it would still knock about four decades off our trip. He's right, maybe they can be reasoned with. In the meantime, I'm going to take a look at that trajector platform. Maybe I can figure out how it works. I just hope she gets it.  I've finished the maintenance check on the shock attenuation cylinders. They‘ll have to be replaced in another two thousand hours but we'll face that problem when we come to it. Seska? (Seska breaks out of her reverie.) You looked a million light years away. I've been thinking. The folding of space should leave a sub-space residue. If we can detect one, we might be a step closer to knowing how the trajector works. (Torres calls up Quantum Analysis 7429 on a wall station.) Maybe. If the device creates a neutrino bubble around whatever's being trajectored. Let's give it a try. In theory, of course. [Alleyway] (Twilight.) Maybe she will. After all, it's a Sikarian who's making the offer. Somehow, I have a bad feeling about this. It's just not going to work out. What does that mean? Take the technology? Without permission? Seska, I am a senior officer now. I have responsibilities. We're under orders. All right, let's do it. [Transporter room]  With shore leave cancelled, can we get to the surface undetected? Why would anyone do that? Are you crazy? Security will find you out before you get there. (Tuvok enters.) You were going to download it? Torres here. We're ready now, Captain. He'll be here. We certainly won't leave without him. Calm down. You're going to draw attention to yourself. (Tuvok enters and hands over the device that Jaret had shown Kim.) What are you doing? He said not to activate it! All right. But just a simulation. (Seska plugs it into a console and switches it on.) I'll show you. Sikaris has a mantle of tetrahedral quartz twenty kilometres thick. The crystalline structure of the mantle seems to focus and amplify the trajector field. We don't have time to test it. We'll have to try it now, or forget it. If there are any compatibility problems Torres here. [Bridge] Aye Captain. [Engineering] We've got a phase variance in plasma conduit three. I'll have to check it out before we can engage thrusters. [Bridge] Just now, Captain. It's only a slight variance, I'll have it fixed in a minute.  All right, the matrix is activating. That's the effect of the quartz mantle. The plasma manifold is becoming unstable. They must be the catalyst for the space-folding process. We're on it, Captain. No time to talk. Shut down the matrix! Carey, get everybody out! I can't unlock it! The command matrix is sealed. We didn't anticipate anti-neutrinos. The trajector could never be compatible with Federation technology. No! We're not going to cover this up. But we're going to. We disobeyed orders, gambling that it would pay off. It didn't. And now we just can't pretend that nothing happened. I'm sorry if you don't get it, Seska, but it has something to do with, er, with being able to live with yourself. If that's true, I take it as a compliment. [Ready room]  I take full responsibility for what happened. There were others involved, but I was the senior officer, and the culpability is mine. Yes, Ma'am.
Now, these are delicious. Hey, I'm eating for two.
 This won't be much of a briefing. There's nothing new to report. All right, let's see. Warp core's at peak efficiency, just like last week, and the week before that. And my engineering staff is going stir crazy. Spare us the protocol, Chakotay. It's pretty odd, you've got to admit it. Yeah. Sure. That's a great idea, Harry.  Predictable. The Novokavich gambit. You always use that opening move. I feel like we've played this match a hundred times. Too subtle for me. What's that supposed to mean? Good night. You don't want to start a fight with me now. Not at three a.m. (Neelix enters.) Everything is a joke to you. He's joking, Neelix. We're all supposed to laugh. I am really tired of these games. Neelix? Get inside those plasma injectors. Infuse them manually if you have to. [Holodeck]  I can barely see the injector ports. How about a little light over here? Up here. We'll hook it up directly to the EPS manifold. [Bridge]  The warp core's online. Not yet. [Sickbay]  The residual anti-matter is then processed in the transkinetic chamber, where it's broken down on the subatomic level. Oh, it's absorbed by a series of radiometric converters. We recycle the energy, use it to power everything from life support to replicators. Our scans of your freighter show that you have plasma manifolds. The engineering principles are the same. You lying We went through this whole song and dance and he never had any intention of working with us. I guess mass murder doesn't factor into your profit margin. Forget it. We're not going to let you die out here. I'll reinforce the aft shielding. Acknowledged. See you on the other side. [Bridge] What?
 All right, I think I've got all the Borg garbage out of the plasma intake manifold. Let's try reinitialising the antimatter reaction. Damn! What happened? This is like pulling weeds. You think you've got them all out and then (Janeway and Seven enter.) You can start with the plasma relays. They're in Jefferies tube thirteen. Good. Can you also recall the way it looked before you turned it into a Borg circus? Yes, Captain. [Kes's quarters]  What about these linkages. Every time I pull one out another one comes back in it's place. I'm not interested in a history lesson. How do we disable it? Why don't you two work on the Jefferies tube. Start with the plasma relays. [Jefferies Tube thirteen] Captain, I don't know how, but she's erected some kind of forcefield around the door. We can't break through it. [Bridge]  Torres to bridge. The warp core just came online. [Bridge] TORRES  Two percent. A hundred and ten percent? A hundred and twenty! [Bridge]
 We're in bad shape Captain. We had to shut down the warp engines to avoid a breach. The impulse engines are gone too. I think I can give you thrusters but I've got a lot of casualties down here I've got to tend to first. No! We've got to get him to Sickbay right away. Torres to Sickbay. [Sickbay] I'm setting up an emergency transport. One of my people is severely burned. He saved my life once, near the Cardassian border. [Ready room] Actually that's a good idea. Not at all. Seska has been trying to forge an alliance among the Kazon. She would jump at the chance to get our support. Nothing's going on yet. The Captain's talk with Seska fell apart pretty quickly. No, I couldn't. Hogan, its gone too far. Seska isn't the person we thought she was. I don't trust her any more. Who are you to be second guessing Captain Janeway? The hardest thing you have to think worry is keeping that dilithium chamber filled. She os doing the best she can to get us home and if you don't like the way she's doing it, I really don't want to hear about it. Is that clear? We have a reasonable supply of anti-matter. Barring any major problems, we should have maximum performance of both warp and impulse engines.
I'm detecting another vessel, bearing three zero, mark one one two. It's a Borg Cube. Now they're going after our impulse engines. That one was meant for our sensors. They can't seem to make up their minds. That was too easy. Their shields are interfering. It doesn't sound like they've lost their confidence. Talk about unusual behaviour. The Borg negotiating? Did you see the away team? I can't believe we're negotiating with adolescent drones. It's a transmission, from the Cube. No. It's Harry. I'm clearing it up now. They're trying to tear it off. Hull stress is increasing. Breaches on decks ten and eleven.  Hull stress is reaching critical levels. That'll buy us another minute at most. Rerouting warp plasma. If this doesn't work it'll do more damage to us than the Cube. I've got a partial lock on the away team. Boosting the confinement beam. I've got three of them. They must be in a section that's still shielded.
Next month?
What are you talking about? I was ahead, nineteen seven. Sure you were. I do not tense up. How could someone be transmitting a Federation signal from the Delta quadrant? They modified the bow to puncture our hull. We'll have to reroute additional power to the containment field and tow their shuttle out with one of our own. Then we can repair the breach. The shields and the warp drive will have to wait.  The module Seska stole contains a quantum resonance oscillator. So, we modify this coil scanner to detect the oscillator, then we get close enough to beam it back. How do we do that? Seska modified an anti-proton beam to penetrate its shields and hull. But if I remember correctly, the beam was only effective from an extremely close range. How do we get near enough to the Nistrim ship? You're taking this all very personally, aren't you? You're not responsible for what happened. So you have lousy taste in women. Look, Chakotay, she fooled us all. She was my best friend. Or at least, that's what I thought. Are you sure? Because she's affecting you. That's just where she wants you. Don't tense up. He was in Engineering helping me modify the coil scanner. He said he'd be right up. The coil scanner was right here. He must've taken it with him. Looks like that. Just that he thought he felt responsible for Seska and was determined to stop her. But I never thought he would try to do this alone. Do you have a minute, Captain? It's about Chakotay. Well, I thought that maybe I could explain I know it was never his intention to defy you. He respects your authority. But he's a very proud man. And he's been embarrassed by Seska. He never said it to me directly but, I think he was in love with her. And then he found out that everything he knew about her was a lie. You said that he publicly defied your authority. Can you imagine what it must have been like for someone as private as Chakotay to be publicly humiliated by someone he loved? And then, as if that weren't enough, she came back to taunt him in front of the entire Bridge crew. That's only part of it. I know Chakotay. This is his way of taking responsibility. In his mind, he's trying to protect the rest of us from a dangerous situation which he created. I know that. It's just that Chakotay would never tell you any of this himself. I know that you're well within your rights to throw him into the brig, but, well Thank you. [Shuttlecraft] We've got to go get him. We don't have to honour that request. Captain? I would never want you to ignore your judgment, Captain, but let me ask you this. In your judgment, how would the loss of our First Officer affect this crew? What would it do to the morale on this ship? Maybe this is an instance when your gut is giving you better advice. We can transport him out. Not necessarily. We could beam him out at warp speed without even slowing down. The Kazon would never be able to catch us. I can compensate for that. By synchronising the transporter's annular confinement beam to the warp core frequency. Do you have a better idea? Trust me, Captain. I can do it. Because I've done it before. When you're a Maquis, you don't always have the luxury of following protocols. [Kazon briefing room]  I'm reading Kazon life signs but still no Chakotay. [Bridge]  I'm picking up some kind of localised dampening field. It's blocking our targeting scanners. [Bridge]  You may be right. I've got reinitialise the targeting scanners to much the relative phase of the dampening field. I've found him, Captain. [Bridge] TORRES The dampening field is disrupting [Transporter room]  Our transporter signal. I can't get a lock on him. [Bridge]  I'm matching the pattern buffer frequency to the Kazon dampening field. I've got a lock. Initiating transport. [Bridge]  I had him for a second, but they've remodulated the dampening field. I'm trying, but I need more time. [Bridge] I'm doing the best I can. [Kazon briefing room]  They've put the dampening field on some kind of randomly fluctuating modulation. It'll take me at least an hour to match the phase variances. [Bridge] A little more than [Transporter room]  Two metres in diameter. Just enough to isolate Chakotay. Why? [Bridge]
That's what the Doctor tells me. I have no idea. That sounds about right, not that it's any of your business. What the hell was that about? [Klingon ship]  You're joking. This isn't funny. They might be dangerous. I mean, what if they want to hurt the baby? Just what I need. I'm almost finished. I'll be there in a minute, I promise. Torres out. Keep an eye A group of Klingons ambushed me outside of Engineering. I decided transporting myself would be easier than running the gauntlet. I'm starting to feel like a prisoner. How long do you think they're going to be on board? I guess I should be careful what I wish for. Captain. That's ridiculous. They think I'm something I'm not. I can try. No, my father was human.  I told you this was a mistake. Any more help from me and you're going to have a holy war on your hands.  My baby's just a baby. She's not a saviour. I'm not going to lie to them. What are you suggesting?  It says the Kuvah'Magh will be descended from a noble house. I don't come from one and I'm pretty sure my husband doesn't, either. So these scrolls can mean anything you want them to. A lot of Klingons are born off-world. According to this, I'm supposed to have won a glorious victory against an army of ten thousand warriors. We haven't even encountered ten thousand warriors. Unless you include the Borg. I suppose. I guess so. They clashed with the carpet. Not really. What are you doing? Not since I was a child. My grandmother. L'Naan. Right, in all your glory. Remember L'Naan, daughter of Krelik. [Sickbay]  That's when they beamed aboard the Flyer, weapons firing. Tuvok and Neelix fought valiantly, but there were too many Hirogen. I had to face ten of their fiercest Hunters alone. (underneath conversation) took them down two at a time, but they kept coming. I had my phaser shot out of my hand, forcing me to take down the last Hunter in hand-to-hand combat. It was a glorious fight! The scrolls say, you will follow in my footsteps before I have made them. Yesterday we changed course toward a planet very much like Kronos. So in a manner of speaking, you are now following my child to a new home. Leave him out of this. Tom. How about no? So you're going to get yourself killed ? Oh, please. Captain, this has gone too far. You've got to put a stop to it. Today would be a very bad day to die. The baby too? Yes. Thank you for telling us. Now my baby and I have it too.  You said it was urgent? She's not sick, is she?  What's this? I will. Qapla'. [Torres - Paris' quarters] I'm not letting you scratch it up on the holodeck. You're just figuring that out? You don't really believe that. Probably about the same odds that you and I would get married. Put it on the list. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Aye, Captain. Setting up a class three containment field, Captain. Field in place. Energising. (A stocky male figure in an Engineering uniform appears, and walks through the containment field.) Torres to Janeway. You'd better get down here, Captain. Yes, ma'am. That transport from the comet? It brought a man aboard. He says his name is Q. [Bridge] Torres to Janeway. All the men have disappeared. This ship will not survive the formation of the cosmos.
I lost my temper. No big deal. I told him three times to leave Engineering, but he kept buzzing around snapping pictures for some photo essay. I apologised, and I replicated him a new camera. You can't order someone to meditate. Are my eyes supposed to be open or closed for this part. Sorry. I'm sorry, an image just flashed through my mind. You as a child, those pointy little ears. You must have been cute. Right. Me, childhood. How old? Daniel Byrd. He was one of my classmates in grammar school. He was always terrorising me. He used to point at my cranial ridges and tease me about being half Klingon. He called me Miss Turtlehead. Of course, it did. So I attacked him once, during recess, on the gyro-swing. I disengaged the centrifugal governor. He was spinning so fast, he almost flew apart. Then I yanked him off the swing and started pounding his little face! If Miss Malvin hadn't showed up, I probably would have I, I wanted to hurt him. To take revenge for all the humiliation he caused me. I suppose it did. I was annoyed. He kept getting in the way. I'm not a Vulcan. I'll survive. What did you say! I've had enough mastery for one day. School's out. [Bridge] Negative. [Sickbay] Approximately six hours. We could beam on to one of the lower levels where there's less radiation, and vent the contaminated sections one by one. Your experience is what got us into this mess in the first place. So hundreds of people become contaminated because you're not willing to clean up your garbage. Creatures? You'd say anything to get out of going back to that freighter. More foolish than towing around a trillion isotons of toxic waste? Until you dump it in someone's back yard. Oh! Not another lecture about my emotions. Guests? Chakotay, these people are the scourge of the quadrant. Diplomacy. Janeway's answer to everything. Yeah. Yes. I'll see what I can do. [Mess hall] I don't think so. I didn't want to risk it. Starting an argument. About this long. If you think so. I suppose it's always going to be like this. Me against the galaxy. Fun? On a Malon freighter? (He kisses her.) Theta radiation density, twenty million EV per cubic metre. Structural integrity's holding. Wish I could say the same for my lungs. (Bang!) Something's causing an electrostatic cascade. Our scanning signals are igniting the particles. It's the tricorders! Shall we? [Injector port] You said it, not me. What's your point? Then why do it? How many worlds are you willing to contaminate to keep your own home so tidy? Right. No. You must be very proud. Torres to Chakotay. Stand by for the decompression sequence. It didn't work. What happened? Or maybe there is someone else on this ship.  I don't know about the rest of you but I could sure use a sonic shower. Oh no, not me. I want to feel those sonic pulses dissolving every last atom of this grime off my body. Well, that sounds like fun. (Torres has a coughing fit.) I'm okay, just a little light-headed. Oh, God. Lovely. We'd better try inoculating you again. I'll live. Let's keep moving. We don't have time for a detour. Chakotay, I'm fine.  This is the infirmary? It looks more like a morgue. What happened to him? Tough luck, huh? Meaning? Occupational hazard? They know they're going to end up like this? What good is the money if they're not around to collect it. What is that thing? I feel better already. The airlocks are opening on this deck. I can't close them. (The atmosphere starts to rush out.) They're offline!  Chakotay! Torres to Chakotay. Torres to Voyager. Lock onto Chakotay's comm. signal and beam him to Sickbay. (There is a pause, then) I thought that deck was secure. Then why did we almost get blown into space? Airlocks don't open by themselves! Fine. Report. Let's get this thing over with, then. I said I'm fine. I was meditating. Do me a favour. Don't tell Tuvok. It's this place. I feel like I'm ready to explode. Thanks. [Astrometrics lab] TORRES We're outside the control room [Malon Freighter corridor] But without tricorders we can't tell if it's safe to go in there. [Astrometrics lab] After you. [Malon Freighter control room] This should feed enough energy to your power matrix to reinitialise them. Try it now. We'll seal them one at a time. [Sickbay] Reroute the containment grid to the tank two. (Bang!) It was triggered from a workstation on this deck. Captain, we just lost power. Acknowledged. [Malon Freighter control room] It's jammed. I'll try to shut it down.  I'm trying to vent the gas, but the release valves are jammed. In the meantime, see if you can get that hatch open. (The lifeform knocks out Neelix.)TORRES: Neelix? (She draws her phaser.) Neelix? (She goes into the cloud of gas, and Neelix grabs her shoulder before collapsing into her arms.)TORRES: We've got to get him back to Voyager. Get that hatch open! Fesek, behind you! (The lifeform attacks Fesek. Torres gets a metal pipe and takes a swing, then backs away to a control panel to vent the gas. The clearing air Stay back. Don't make me kill you. You've been sabotaging this ship. So that's your way of getting even? Killing your crew? Causing an explosion that will contaminate other ships? Get the hell away from there, now! Okay. Okay. Look, I know what they've done to you. They used you. You want to hurt them. Listen, listen to me. I know. I know that you're so angry you want to destroy everything in sight, but there's another way to make them understand. I'm on your side. I can help you. Innocent people are going to die if you do this. Please, please. Please, let me help you. Step away! (She thrashes Vihaar with the metal pipe, then uses the control panel.) [Bridge] What makes you say that? Don't expect me to make a habit of it. Tell them the truth. Tell them the Vihaar is no myth. [Torres' quarters]
 Ensign Vorik. Get me a duotronic probe, I'm having trouble regulating the plasma flow. (Vorik is a Vulcan.) Good idea, but bring me both. I'm sorry Neelix, but a bowl of cold gagh is not my idea of how to start a morning. The plasma flow in the manifold seems to be constricted. That was the first thing I did. Neelix, Neelix, this really isn't a good time.
You stood by me when most people would have run for the nearest airlock. You were willing to see past my shortcomings, and to take all the bumps and bruises that came along with it. You made me a better person, even though I put up one hell of a fight. I look forward to our journey together. May this ring be the symbol of our eternal love.  (Paris leans in for the kiss.)  Oh, and make sure the deuterium manifolds are never opened wider than six hundred microns. Are you familiar with how temperamental the isolitic converter can be? Most important, the enhanced warp drive. With the dilithium matrix running hot all the time now, you have to watch it like a hawk. I guess I am being a little overcautious. I've just, er, never been away from Engineering for more than a couple of days. Certainly never a week. You may understand the isodynamics of this engine, but I don't think you understand its personality. That's my point. It's not just a device. It it has its own quirks, its own, its own moods (Beep!) I'm going with you. Not for another twenty minutes. [Jefferies tube]  So, who's the lucky guy? You caught the bouquet. That means you're next in line for the altar. How about Harry Kim? So you want to stay single? I'm married. I'm not going into stasis for the rest of my life. No, I plan to have I'm glad we had this little talk. (The hatch refuses to open.)TORRES: Try the manual release. (They get the hatch open, and see the deck ahead rippling.)TORRES: I thought you said it was a minor fluctuation, I guess the honeymoon's off. [Briefing room]  It's our warp field. The enhanced drive is emitting some form of subspace radiation that's affecting Voyager's infrastructure. We're seeing early stages of the effect in the warp core. Reaction chamber, injector ports, they're all showing signs of de-cohesion. It's not stopping the problem.  Computer, begin Chief Engineer's Log, supplemental. I've spent the last four hours analysing the warp field schematics, but I'm still no closer to finding out what's going wrong. Computer, did it just get colder in here? Raise the temperature by five degrees. (She goes into the bathroom, and sees a silver patch on her cheek.) [Corridor] Hey. Well enough to break your nose if you call me that again. What? (He slides an isolinear chip into her hand.) Tell me. What do I wear? Champagne?
It's another beautiful day in the Delta Quadrant. I'll see you tonight. [Engineering] Thank you. Nice job, Ensign. (to another crewman) You keep the I don't remember giving you permission to work here. You should have notified me. It's a busy day, and I. (Torres stumbles against Seven.) I'm fine. (Seven helps her sit down. Icheb scans her.) Tell me about it. I can't believe it. Well, of course. I mean, we knew we wanted a family. No. Don't tell. I want to be surprised. I just don't see any reason to have to label the baby. I don't want to know the gender. I don't want to have to pick a name yet. Mommy? [Corridor] There are some things you just can't simulate. We should get our quarters ready. And put it where? We need to rearrange the living area. You're happy about this, right? Me too. Can we, er, keep this to ourselves for a while? I, er, I need to get to work. See you later, Dad. [Mess hall] No. Why? Okay, who told you? Thanks. I'm fine. This is scarier. To do what? I'll work during the day, sleep at night, and have the baby when it's time. I think I can handle it. [Corridor] Looks nice. The captain practically relieved me of duty, as if I couldn't handle being an engineer and being pregnant at the same time. Chakotay wants to be godfather. Oh, I don't mind people suggesting names. What annoys me is all of the free advice about feeding, discipline. Why does everybody feel they're entitled to give us advice? This is our child. What's that supposed to mean? What does being Klingon have to do with it? I don't want to take it easy! I want everybody to back off and just let me. (pause) The Doctor said I might experience some behavioural volatility. I guess this is it. Maybe you're right. It belongs to us. All of it. It's deviated. I had surgery for it when I was a baby. My mother had it, too. It's okay. You might as well just tell us. I don't know. Okay. (The EMH complies.) Forehead ridges? But she's only one-quarter Klingon. Uh-huh. It's not much of a problem. Now we know. I'm sorry. It's a lot to take in all at once, and I'm really tired. The Doctor scheduled me at oh eight hundred. I'm too tired to eat. You'll be in charge of those. Look, er, you don't have to come with me. It a minor procedure. I'm not an invalid. PARIS: In that case you're on your own. That goes for breakfast, too. [Sickbay] You haven't found another problem, have you? Why am I not surprised? Let me guess. You're going to sing to my foetus. Can we talk about this later? Parenting class? Could we get on with it? I hope you don't expect me to sleep through this. Is she going to be all right?  Computer, access B'Elanna Torres' medical file. Project a holographic image of the baby. (Up comes the image seen in Sickbay.)TORRES: Now extrapolate what I disagree. They're superfluous. Does my daughter need a third lung to survive? My daughter is not going to be a Klingon warrior. It's not arbitrary. It's preventive. That third lung could become diseased, couldn't it? Then what I'm suggesting is no different than removing an appendix before it becomes inflamed. Like curvature of the spine? I'm aware of that. None of that's as important as her health. I wanted to see what you thought first. Look, I've done statistical analyses, epidemiology. At least review my work. This is our child's health we're talking about. I was treated like a monster. That's easy for you to say. You're human. Meaning you don't understand what it's like. When the people around you are all one way and you're not, you can't help feeling like there's something wrong with you. And hundred and forty humans. I'm not destroying anything. Gene resequencing isn't a weapon, it's a tool, like a hyperspanner. I want you to order the Doctor to genetically alter my child. I only want to do what you did, for Seven of Nine. You had her implants removed. You altered her physiology. You changed who she was. That's all I'm doing. And gave her a much better life in the process. I just don't want her to start at a disadvantage. That's it. Just dismiss my argument as some kind of hormonal outburst. What? There's nothing to work out. You're getting what you want. That's your solution to everything. I am tired of talking, all right? [Kim's quarters] What? I'll add it to the list. Right after Floxia. Neelix suggested that one. It's number thirty two. I knew there was a reason I always liked you. That's the best offer I've had all week. [Corridor] Hi. I haven't changed my mind, if that's what you mean. I've been better, but I'll get over it. Me too. Sounds nice. Skip the details, Doctor. You've already made it clear what you think of my proposal. How extensive? But you can fix it. Why? Once this is behind us I'm sure we'll all feel better. [Astrometrics lab] Ignore him. I'm your patient. Your first duty is to me and my baby.  You said it could be dangerous to delay the procedure. There's nothing wrong with your programme. You had no right to interfere. I don't know what you're talking about. I upgraded his programme so he could understand what had to be done. It's not just about the way she'll be treated. Forget it. Stop telling me what to do. You're not my father. Look, my father We were inseparable. He spoiled me and I worshipped him. But the older I got, we just grew apart. He ended up organising this camping trip with my cousins. I guess he just wanted to, I don't know, make things better again. It was awful. I ended up trying to run away. [Torres' memory - campsite]  It was so stupid. I mean, where was I going to go? Well, he did. [Torres' memory - campsite] No, I know what I heard. It made me so angry. It's not what he said. It's what I said. [Torres' memory - campsite]  And that's exactly what he did. Twelve days later. And he never came back. Why not? You don't know that. You say that now. But think about how hard it is to live with one Klingon. Pretty soon it'll be two. Do you really think so? No. I'm fine. I just wanted to apologise for violating your programme. Nice of you to let me off the hook. But biochemistry isn't an excuse. I knew exactly what I was doing. Oh! I don't know. (She holds her abdomen. The EMH scans her.) So soon? Oh. There it is again. Speaking of the baby, I have another request. I wonder if you'd like to be her godfather. Neelix wants the job but he's already got Naomi Wildman. And Chakotay knows less about raising kids than Harry. And if you think Thanks. I was also wondering. Do you think I could see her one more time? The holographic projection, I mean. She is cute, isn't she? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I've been monitoring it from Engineering. It's still embedded in a gravitational eddy, but within seventy two hours it will be crushed. I'll give you a hand. (Kim and Torres leave.) I'm on it. Just a few minutes more. We haven't been gone that long. People won't give up on us so soon. They probably just think we're lost. Well, it is going to work, Starfleet, so pretty soon they're going to know you're all right. I haven't seen my father since I was five. He and my mother separated. He went back to Earth and that was the last I saw of him. I think she's on the Klingon Homeworld. We didn't get along very well. Okay, the signal generator should be tuned to the probe's long range sensors. The Maquis are as to a close family as I've ever had. Most of my friends are here, on the ship, so no, there's no one back home who's going to care one way or the other whether I'm alive. We're ready to transmit. It's too soon. Remember, we have no idea how long it takes to reach the other side. [Bridge] I'm still worried about the gravitational interference. I don't think the co-variant isolator will be effective with a vocal transmission. I'll narrow the filter bandpass some more. Try again, Captain. Just our luck. We raise one ship from the Alpha quadrant and it has to be Romulan. Captain, I have to talk to you. No. I mean, in private. [Ready room]  I think this will work, Captain, but I didn't want to bring it up in front of the crew. It wouldn't be right to get their hopes up in case it doesn't work, although I think it will. The phase amplitude of the visual link with the Romulan ship is within just a few megahertz of meeting transporter protocols. We might be able to piggyback a transporter beam onto the visual link. We could transport the entire crew back to the Alpha quadrant. Fairly substantially. We'll have to run a series of tests first. I'll need some help. Torres here. [Transporter room]  We're all set, Captain. The lock is active and we're focused on the Romulan's [Bridge]  TORRES  The cylinder has dematerialised, Captain. [Bridge] (The cylinder tries to stutter into solidity next to Telek.)  The pattern buffer is having trouble accepting the matter stream.  Ramp the coils to thirty seven megajoules. We're locked onto him. Whenever you're ready, Captain. It's the phase variance in the radiation stream. I'm balancing it manually. (Telek finally solidifies.) For a while there I didn't think you were going make it. There was a strange phase variance in the radiation stream. It almost kept us from pulling you through.  I've gone over and over the transporter logs. There's no question that if we try to transport ourselves through that wormhole, we'll end up twenty years in the past. The signal's in the pattern buffer. Transferring to the emitter array. Compensating. Transport complete, Captain. He made it. Maybe he left a will telling someone else to transmit the messages. Or he could have given our computer chip to the Romulan Government.
It would take weeks of scanning to find them. Forget it. I was wrong.
I'm approaching your position, but that ion storm blew out my deflector field. I've lost helm control and I'm venting plasma from the port nacelle. Acknowledged. You tell me. That's the best thing that's happened to me all day. [Ready room] We only have one multispatial probe. I didn't want to lose it. Understood. Did you just call me Lanna? That's what my mother used to call me.  Come in. I've felt worse. How did it get there? What do you mean? (She takes the piece of metal from Chakotay, and sees the insignia on it. A circle with one big elongated diamond Remind me to plant a flag on behalf of the Empire. You know, the simplest explanation is that the Borg assimilated a Bird of Prey somewhere in the Alpha Quadrant and they blew it out an airlock on their way home. I wasn't hallucinating. Now run a submolecular scan. We may find some irregularities at the atomic level. A pulsar that speaks Klingon? Neelix, I ran into it with a shuttle. Why? Neelix, look, I appreciate your enthusiasm, but since I'm the only Klingon on board, there's really no point in throwing a party. All right, all right, let's call it a night. Who said anything about self-loathing? And when the blood disappeared that was, what, me trying to vaporise that part of myself? And the moral of the story is? That's an intriguing theory. Fine by me. (Tuvok fetches a bat'leth.)TORRES: This should be interesting. It's a clumsy weapon. Overstated, like everything else Klingon. I don't hate Klingons. Is this your idea of therapy? PetaQ! What the hell has gotten into you? He said, eat this or he'll force it down the gullet of your corpse. Is it just me, or has everyone gone Klingon-happy? Well then, they don't know me very well, and if you even think of joining in on this embrace your heritage nonsense, I swear, I'll rip out your tongue and wear it as a belt. I inherited the forehead and the bad attitude. That's it. She would have loved all this. She was so obsessed with Klingon ritual, myths. It used to drive my father and me crazy. Did I ever tell you that she put me in a Klingon monastery? It was after their marriage ended. She pulled me out of the Federation school in order to teach me honour and discipline. She prayed to Kahless every day to guide me in the ways of the warrior. I guess he wasn't listening. Captain! (The Klingon stabs Janeway in the back. The other slashes the EMH and Seven through the abdomen with the bat'leth. Chakotay and Kim die next, then finally Paris.) Computer, end programme. Let go of me! (Another Klingon hands Brok'Tan a branding iron with the Klingon insignia glowing red..)TORRES: Wait, wait. No, wait. (She screams as he brands her cheek.) What the hell is going on? Where am I? Enlighten me. Klingon Hell is a myth. But I was on Voyager with my crew. He slaughtered my friends. What is that? Tom? Chakotay? How do you know my name? I fell in. I almost drowned. So you're supposed to be Kortar. I remember the myth of Kortar, the first Klingon. He destroyed the gods who created him. I may have believed in you as a child, but not anymore. What's happening? Mother. [Sickbay] But I got through the storm. I remember crashing into the shuttlebay. The Klingon artefact. My hand. (It has a cut on it. The EMH heals it.) Er, a little out of place. Yes. And no. I don't know how to say this without sounding crazy. Do you believe in an afterlife? I think I died. I died, and I was on the Barge of the Dead in the Klingon afterlife. I saw my mother, Chakotay. If it was real, then she's dead. Tell me what? That my mother is going to hell? What if there is no symbolism to interpret? What if the afterlife is real? I'm an engineer. My whole life I've immersed myself in science and schematics. But what if it's time to start looking beyond that? My mother has been on my mind a lot lately. We just had a big anniversary. It's been ten years since we talked. But it was so real. I could taste the blood in the air. I could feel the wind. I was seasick from the rocking of the boat. [Engineering] Hi. The paq'batlh. It's a sacred Klingon scroll. You don't want to know. You want to bet? I found out why my mother is on her way to Gre'thor. It's because I sent her there. The sins of the child. She's being punished for my dishonour. I turned my back on everything Klingon, and now she has to pay the price. Look at this. The eleventh tome of Klavek. It's a story about Kahless returning from the dead still bearing a wound from the afterlife. A warning that what he experienced wasn't a dream. The same thing happened to me. And the only reason Kahless was in the afterlife to begin with was to rescue his brother from the Barge of the Dead and deliver him to Sto-Vo-Kor. Don't you see? I have a chance to rescue my mother, if I can accept responsibility for her dishonour before she passes through the gates of Gre'thor. I have to go back. I can't let her suffer for what I've done. It's the only way. I'm scaring myself. [Briefing room]  It's a controlled procedure. I'll be under constant supervision. The Doctor can simulate the conditions of the ion storm. He's agreed to help me, but only with your permission. Are you telling me that I can't pursue my spiritual beliefs? But that's what it is. That's an absurd example. Captain, please. What I do with my own life is one thing, but to know that I have condemned my mother. That because of what I've done, she's It doesn't matter if you think it was real. It was real to me. Whatever it was, it changed me. I can't ignore that. I need to confront what's happened. You know, you're just like her. My mother. You're as dedicated to Starfleet principles as she was to Klingon honour. I know that we haven't always seen eye to eye, but despite our differences you helped me become a good officer. And I'd like to think that you're proud of me for it. My mother never had the chance to be proud of me. I'd like her to know me the way you do. I don't want her to die thinking of me as a disgrace. You have to let me do this. [Sickbay] I'm not sure I get it, either. I just know this is something I have to do. It wouldn't be enough. Next time. There will be. (Torres lies down on the biobed in the surgical bay. Janeway enters.) I'm ready.  Mother. Mother, it's me. It's me. I've come to lift your dishonour. A lot's happened since the last time I saw you. I've changed. If you hadn't tried to force me to become a warrior You tried a little too hard. You drove me away. The same way you drove away my father. You pushed him to the point where he couldn't bear to be around anything Klingon, including me. We're on the Barge of the Dead and we're still having the same argument we were having ten years ago. Look, if I have dishonoured you, I am truly sorry. Oh, we don't have time for this if we're going to perform the transference. Oh, don't worry. I have no intention of being on this barge when it gets to Gre'thor. We've got just enough time to perform the ritual before my crew resuscitates me. What are you talking about? Do you know the risks I've taken to save you? I'm here to take my mother's place. Yes. Yes. Release her to Sto-Vo-Kor. No. Now. I will die for her. No tricks, no games. I will take her place honourably, like a Klingon. I understand. (The brand vanishes from Miral's cheek and appears on Torres'.) This isn't Gre'thor. What is this, some kind of a joke? No Fek'lhr? No Cavern of Despair? I don't consider Voyager hell. It's not exactly what I had in mind.  I don't understand. I did everything that the ritual told me to do. I came back for you. Meaningless? I died for you. Then tell me. What do you want? You. Kahless. The tooth fairy. Anybody who will tell me what I am supposed to do. You want me to fight? You want me to be a good little Klingon? Is that it? Get away from me. Tell me what you want me to be. A good Starfleet officer? A good Maquis? Lover? Daughter? Just tell me what you want from me. I don't know how. I'm so tired of fighting. And what about you? In Sto-Vo-Kor.  Mother? Oh god, I'm alive. (She leans forward into Janeway's arms.)
 You're taking this kind of hard, aren't you? Well, what's that supposed to mean. What am I thinking, Harry? Take a look at this. (Janeway enters.) It's a Borg datalink. It contains a succession of log entries written in Borg alphanumeric code.
There's a control circuit there. I can see it. (shock) If only we knew that Neelix made it back to the ship with the tellerium, then at least this would be worth it. We don't even know what happened to the Captain. She might have been killed out there on the street. I guess that's the Vulcan way of telling me to hope for the best. [Caylem's home] (A single room. Caylem is singing to himself near the doorway when Janeway wakes. Her neck wound has a green plaster on it.) We told you already. We don't know anything about the Resistance. I told you I don't. (Torres stops herself from hitting Augris, who leaves.) I'm sorry. I guess I always assumed that Vulcans didn't feel pain like the rest of us. That you were able to block it out somehow. Until I heard. Was that you I heard? How can you say that so calmly? You must feel some anger at what they did to you, some desire to fight back. Captain, what are you doing?
Doctor? [Doctor's office]  Doctor? Hello? (The EMH ends his daydream and returns to his work.) Maybe I'd better run a diagnostic on your hearing subroutines. If you're not working on anything, you should deactivate yourself. Save us the energy. Well, the planet looks safe on the long range sensors. Any medical problems, and we can use the transporter. But, take a look at those scans and see if there's anything we might have missed. I've already handed out assignments. Next time. If you'd like, I'll snap a few images for you. Suit yourself. (Torres leaves.)  The layer of antonium runs right along the edge of the canyon. I think we could handle a hundred metre stroll. You know, this mission is starting to look a little more dangerous than we thought. Maybe we do need the Doctor to come along. If one of us fell through the crust there could be injuries. (The EMH gets another text message - Resist.) What for? I think it is. Get away from him.  What were you trying to do? So what's the problem? They say a doctor who operates on himself has a petaQ for a patient. I'm sure you can. Any excuse to be alone with him, eh, Seven? Is that a threat? (An alarm blares.) Try stabilising the antimatter flow. We've got to get someone inside the warp core. Try to eject it manually. No, it will damage his matrix. The new algorithms have completely taken over his programme. He seems to be randomly jumping from one to the next. (They have him isolated in the surgical bay. He bumps into the forcefield.) I routed his subroutines to Holodeck one so Harry and Seven could monitor his fantasies. It'll give us a better idea of what's going on, help us fix him. So, if we can isolate it, we might be able to stabilise his programme. [Holodeck - Mess hall] What? I've seen enough of this.
Argh! What's this? Lieutenant Carey is an idiot! When I tell you what happened I didn't even come close to hitting him that hard. So how long do I have to stay in here? I've never found your twisted sense of humour very funny, Chakotay. Apologise? He was the one who I am not going to bond with him. I don't need support from anybody. Huh. Right. But Carey is next in line. What does the Captain have to say about this? I was thinking we could remodulate a tractor beam to match  [Engineering]  The subspace interference. It might be enough to cut through the event horizon.  [Bridge] Exactly. Two hours, maybe three. Damn it! The new relays on the power grid aren't holding.  [Bridge] (Bang! The ship starts shaking.) I can't shut it down. The emitter relays are locked.  [Bridge] You asked to see me, Captain? I just want you to know that I have personally gone over every emitter relay again and refitted four of them myself. Well, er, we've, er, we've been through a few scrapes together. Ready? Well, I think I know my way around an engine room, if that's what you mean. I'm not bothered by what people think of me. Listen, Captain, if you don't think I'm right for this job, just say so. Where did you get that? Yeah, I guess you could say that. The problem? The problem was a system that didn't give anyone a chance to breathe. Then I guess maybe this is just a bad idea. I didn't want to have anything to do with Starfleet then, and I'm sorry that I have to now. (Torres leaves.) Oh. Well, I'll give you a full report on what happens. Yes. But it won't work. I mean, it was a good idea to try it but it won't work. I was just thinking about the problem with the Doctor's holographic projectors. It seems like the spatial distortions might be interfering with the projectors phase alignment. If that's the case, I could screen out those distortions by setting up a localised dampening field around the projectors. My point is, that if the spatial distortions are also interfering with the transmission we received from the other ship Exactly. And they may know more about what's going on than we do.  Emitters online. I'm rerouting the damping field through the deflector grid. Ramping up field intensity. I'm applying the damping field to our visual scanners. I'll see if I can clarify the image. No, that's not it. I think I have an explanation. [Briefing room]  Think of it like this. You're sitting at the bottom of a pond, which is frozen over, and you look up at the surface and you see a reflection of yourself. Now, you might think you're looking at another person sitting at the bottom of another pond, looking back at you. Unfortunately, yes. I'm not sure. But I do know one thing. That as we slide deeper into the singularity, the spatial distortions are increasing. According to my calculations, within nine hours, they'll crush the ship. Look for a crack. Wait a minute. What if we've already made a crack in the ice? If we could find our entry point, we might be able to slip out the way we came in. Anything? Oh, it's too small. It must have collapsed since we first passed through it. Put a wedge in it and force it open. We could try a dekyon beam. Shields at full strength. Remodulating emitters. Captain, I want to apologise for losing my temper in your Ready room. I think maybe you were hitting a little bit too close to home, you know? I respect Chakotay but he's wrong. I'm not officer material and we both know it. The truth is, I quit the Academy because I realised I couldn't make it in Starfleet, and believe me, no one was sorry to see me go. What? I fought with him almost every day. I was always questioning his, his methods, his assumptions, and he was always slapping me down like some upstart kid. I was surprised he didn't help me pack my bags. Dekyon beam online. (bang) Shields down to sixty two percent. We're losing power. I don't think we're going to get any more, Captain. (The shaking stops.) Well, this is a problem. Captain, the rupture is starting to collapse again. If Voyager doesn't get through it within the next five minutes, they'll never get out. Simple choice. Port or starboard? Port. The port ship is more likely to be the real one. It's closer to the rupture. That means, (The shaking starts again.) That means they're holding position as close as they can to the rupture, waiting for us to dock before they head out. There has to be some way to tell them apart besides which direction they're facing. Then I was right. It's the port ship. They're heading out. If you're wrong, we're going to have a long time to debate it. (The shuttlecraft heads towards the visible hangar deck.) We're ready to dock. That's too narrow. We're not going to make it. I'll try not to break any of their noses. Thirteen hundred? That's impossible. All right. Get that isolinear bank up and running. And lock down those plasma relays. Please. I'm going to be counting on you, Lieutenant. I'm not up to date on the latest Starfleet protocols and I know that you're probably more familiar with the quirks of this warp engine than I am right now. I hope that I can depend on you.
We prefer to play it safe. I'll check the inventory logs to see if we have a field generator available. (Torres leaves them. Seven goes to another console to work. Kovin looks over her shoulder.) Seven, stop. [Sickbay] Oh, I wouldn't put it like that. I was at another console about ten metres away. I heard Kovin raise his voice and when I looked around I saw that he was holding her arm. And that's when she knocked him down. Ashmore and I had to hold her back.
Medical logs show the training file was activated just before Gar left Voyager.  I've got him. He's aboard a vessel above the northern continent. It's not going to be easy. His programme seems to be interfaced with the main computer.  I'm sorry, Captain. I can't transport him without damaging his matrix. Aye, Captain. Who do we talk to about accessing the main computer?
 Now what!? I can see that. Why haven't you sealed it off? That's better. You're probably right. And tomorrow we can do it first thing. But not today. Not today, Vorik. Thank you. I may have to work. I'll let you know. I have. And I'm not. Today hasn't started out very well, and the last thing I need is to get involved with some obscure Klingon ritual. I know. And for one sentimental minute I thought that I might actually go through with it. But not anymore. I overslept this morning because I forgot to tell the computer to wake me. And then the acoustic inverter in my sonic shower blew out. So I didn't have time for breakfast. And when I got here two people were out sick, so I had to cancel the fuel cell overhaul. And then an injector burst for no apparent reason and started spewing plasma coolant So I am in a bad mood, and I know that I am being a little bit testy. What's that? Fascinating. What? We don't know anything about transwarp technology. Playing around with it could be dangerous. What do you think her real motives are? I never thought of you as naive, Chakotay. The bottom line is, I don't want her working in Engineering. Whatever you say, sir.  [Ready room] Try increasing the temperature of the plasma. Get the thorium to the captain as soon as it's ready. Tell me something. When you hear about people like the Caatati, do you have any feelings of remorse? That's it? Just no? Oh, maybe some kind of acknowledgement of the billions of lives you helped destroy. A justification for what you did. Maybe a little sense of guilt? Heartwarming. I think you're right.  [Mess hall] You're facing a big challenge, Neelix. Is that supposed to make me feel better? How did you know about that? Has Tom been talking to you? I appreciate the gesture, Neelix, but I've decided to ignore this particular tradition. No blood pie, no examining my behaviour over the last year to see if I measure up to Klingon standards. Go right ahead. I'd say that about sums it up. What? That may be the nicest offer I've had in a long time. Thank you, Neelix. You're sweet, but I'm not sure I could do that to you. Neelix. About this Day of Honour. Do you think I should go through with it? I've been thinking a lot about the rituals that my mother taught me, and they don't seem quite so hateful as they did when I was a child. Maybe being so far away from anything Klingon has changed me. I don't know what effect it'll have on me. That's what's frightening. All right, bring on the blood pie. I can do this.(She takes a spoonful. Her expression suggests eating it is an ordeal in itself.)  [Holodeck] My name's B'Elanna. I guess so. Yes. That's the idea, isn't it? What do I do? I haven't built any empires, and I can't say that I've personally defeated any enemies in battle, but you have to realise I'm not living among warriors. I don't know. I guess I'm doing the best I can. You know, I don't think so. I didn't want to do this before you described it. Certainly not now. I'm leaving. Thanks so much. It's been lovely.  [Torres' quarters]  Come in. That's right. Really? That's very funny. It didn't. Do you mind if we talk about something else? It was ridiculous, meaningless posturing. Honour, dishonour, what does it matter? Who are you to tell me that? Fine! Just leave me alone. We're only going to take a peek. We open a conduit, get as much sensor data as we can, then close it up. I want to take this one step at a time. Engineering to the bridge.  [Bridge] TORRES  We'll need to be at warp speed to create a large enough subspace field. I'd like to reroute helm control to Engineering. Take us past All right. Vorik, start emitting the tachyons. Tachyon particles are leaking into the propulsion system. The tachyons are flooding the warp core, Captain.  [Bridge]  Aye, Captain. I'll get back to you. All right, everybody out! Now! That means you as well. That's an order. We've got to neutralise the core. No effect. Try it again. I've got to try one more thing. Computer, prepare to eject the warp core. Authorisation Torres omega phi nine three [Corridor]  Computer, eject the warp core. Torres to Janeway. We've dumped the core. Welcome to the worst day of my life. [Engineering]  Vorik, we have to get those impulse engines back online. You and Nicoletti get started. We're stopped dead. The warp core is millions of kilometres away by now, and the impulse engines are seriously damaged. I can give you a few thrusters, but that's about it. I can't give you an estimate on that. We're still assessing the damage. So much for opening a transwarp conduit. I sent the Borg back to her alcove. We won't be needing her in here any more. It'll be unstable. It should be repaired before he tries to put a tractor beam on it.  We're getting near some random ion turbulence. I wonder what else can go wrong today. If we get this core back, I'm going right to bed and sleeping straight through till tomorrow. Get this day over with. Maybe it's me. Maybe I'm asking for this trouble somehow. That's the warp signature all right. There's something else out there. A ship. According to sensors it has the same energy signature as the Caatati ships. Right. They're trying to put a tractor beam on it. Don't you realise that core is highly unstable? If you try to tractor it like that you could cause an antimatter explosion. Idiots! I'm going to try and disrupt their tractor beam. They sent an antimatter pulse back through our particle beam. Reroute power from the propulsion and weapons systems. The comm. systems must be down. It's no use. The comm. system in these suits won't carry that far. Well, I don't plan on just drifting here hoping someone will just come along and rescue us. There must be something we can do. Good idea. Let me access your controls. That's it. This would be a lot easier if I had a hyperspanner. Hold still. Why is it that if we're alone for more than thirty seconds you start thinking about contact? Okay, I'm ready to initiate the carrier wave. (A high pitched buzzing that hurts the ears.) Sorry. Better?  This isn't anything like the simulations we had at the Academy. They felt peaceful, like floating in the womb. But right now I'm feeling a little sick to my stomach. I never would have lasted to the third year. If I hadn't dropped out, they would have asked me to leave. You'd have hated me. More ion turbulence. We'll have to share mine. (She plugs into his chest unit.)TORRES: Are you getting air now? The turbulence must have damaged my suit too. I should have at least twenty four hours worth of oxygen, but there's only about a half hour left.  [Ready room] VORIK I'm feeling kind of groggy. And you're lowering it? It's ironic, isn't it. Today, the Day of Honour, is the day that I'm going to die. We have to face up to it, Tom. Well, now's the time. That's putting it mildly. I thought you were an arrogant, self- absorbed pig. A lot. Now you're a stubborn domineering pig. I'm just kidding. There I go again, just pushing you away. You were right about me. It's what I do, push people away. What a coward I am. Tom. Come on. Open your eyes. There's something I have to say. I've been a coward about everything. Everything that really matters. No. I'm going to die without a shred of honour. And for the first time in my life that really bothers me. So I have to tell you something. I I have to tell you the truth. I love you. Say something.
Torres to bridge.  We've beamed aboard a piece of the debris. [Bridge] I've completed the mineralogical scans. The rock is composed of tryoxene, olivine. Wait a minute. I'm reading a concentration of triadium. Yes. This doesn't look like any asteroid I've ever seen, but I'll bet it's the source of our triadium. It looks like a control node for some kind of guidance system.
We just lost the warp diagnostic assembly. It disappeared.(So do containers and the EMH's mobile emitter.)  [Bridge] Acknowledged.  [Hillside] Torres to bridge. We're in business. We've got full navigation, full propulsion  [Bridge] And full transporters.
Score? The temporal distortions are fracturing space-time throughout the ship. We've already erected forcefields but they're not having much effect. If we can't find a way to stop them, they'll tear the ship apart.  This is where they're coming from. I still can't tell what's causing Why can't I see it? Torres to bridge. We've found the problem. [Bridge] TORRES I can't give them to you. Not until I've repaired the containment generator. I'll need ten minutes at least. [2372 Bridge] Warp drive's online, but the containment field's still unstable. Warp two is the best I can give you. Score? I thought you were on your way to the bridge.
Complicated. It uses bioneural circuitry to mimic humanoid synaptic functions. It could be a probe, or a communications device. Not yet. But it's only a matter of time before it puts the pieces together. What if we could separate the bioneural circuitry from the explosive? Whenever you are. This is a delicate procedure. I won't be able to concentrate if I have to give a blow-by-blow description. Harry, would you mind? I'm sorry, but there's no other way. (An alarm sounds in the device.)TORRES:  It's arming itself. The detonation sequence has begun.  I'm on it. Initiating the pulse. Now. I know you've gotten a little attached to this thing, but. What are you talking about? You're the artificial intelligence. Sickbay to bridge. Captain, respond. He's tapped into the ship's systems, deactivated the comm. Obviously, we were right. Do you have a better idea? This is no time to be feeling sorry for yourself. The first time I commanded an away mission, I led my people into a cave that I thought was a Cardassian military installation. Turned out I'd mistaken unstable mineral deposits for weapons signatures. There was a rock slide and we were stuck there for three days. We dug ourselves out with our bare hands. Where are you going?  What are you doing? (The Bomb/EMH is pressing buttons on the weapon.) [Bridge] We tried helping it before and look where that got us. I don't think Starfleet diplomacy is going to work this time. If we cooperate, we'll be giving it the advantage. It's a bomb, Harry. A recursive search algorithm might retrieve the missing data. There. You received a subspace transmission. A command to alter course and head toward the planet surface. No, your access codes are encrypted. What's wrong? You afraid you might find out you're not supposed to destroy that installation? The confirmation could be in one of your damaged memory files. You don't have to trust us. Just access those files.  I've reconfigured the bioneural matrix. Transfer complete. We'll explain later. Seven needs your help.
Good morning, Seven. This better be important. Captain, I need permission to shut down the sensor grid. Seven thinks a couple of insects are disrupting the power flow. What does that have to do with the sensor grid? How could you possibly know that? Have you tested it yet? A few well-timed graviton pulses from our deflector dish might do it. That'll disrupt the emitters. Have you run this by the Captain? A secret mission? Starfleet in league with the Caretaker? It's ridiculous. Well then, let's go to the Captain, get a straight answer. So what do you suggest? Harry, we're fine here.
So when are you going to teach me how to drive? I've piloted starships. I think I can handle a car. Take a look. She's watching us again. What is it? It's a little bland. She's watching us again. (Seven sits at a table.) I don't think so. Enjoying the view? You've been staring at us all night. In fact, you were following us yesterday when we were walking to Engineering, and the day before when I was waiting for Tom outside the shuttlebay. Stardate 52647, fourteen hundred hours. Subjects quarrel in corridor outside female's quarters. Male returns with twelve flowering plant stems, species rosa rubifolia, effecting a cessation of hostilities. Stardate 52648, oh three hundred hours. Intimate relations resume. How the hell do you know when we're having intimate relations? I want all the data you've collected. Then study this. Borg provokes Klingon, Klingon breaks Borg nose. Call Sickbay. Tell them there's about to be a medical emergency. This time you've crossed the line. [Ready room]
 He's looking for you. The Doctor, I ran into him in the corridor. He's about thirty seconds away from calling a ship-wide alert. No. I know what it's like to be stuck in Sickbay. I've escaped the Doctor myself once or twice. Any time. You shouldn't be thinking about dying. I guess it all depends on how honourable my death is. I hope so. What about you? You don't seem to take much comfort in that. I think you're a little more memorable than you're giving yourself credit for. You don't need the Collective to validate your existence. You've made an impact on every member of this crew. That's your legacy. (The EMH enters main Engineering and looks up.) We difficult patients need to stick together. I really could use her help. I promise not to let her overdo it.
The day after tomorrow. Put a new phase compensator on that relay. The thermal regulators are still running a little hot. Six days. Captain, I don't like sitting still any more than you do, but That was before I discovered the microfractures in the starboard nacelle and the fused relays in the main computer. (The lights It could have taken us hours to find that. I'd say you're capable of a lot more than delivering PADDs, Icheb. No, I meant that stuff you're eating. Sounds delicious. You know, in the mess hall they actually have tables and chairs for that. You did a great job today. We're ahead of schedule, thanks to you. Here's what we're going to work on tomorrow. I'll see you at oh six hundred. Icheb? What do you do for fun? Recreation. How do you spend your time when you're off duty? I've learned that you've got to take a break once in awhile. I've been doing a lot of rock climbing on the holodeck. Maybe when we're finished tightening all the nuts and bolts, you'd like to join me. It's not about the rocks, Icheb. It's about the climbing. [Kraylor ship - Bridge] Don't worry about it. Bumping elbows comes with the job. And you can call me B'Elanna. Put this with the others. These relays should have been replaced a while ago. It's amazing they've held up this long. I'm really looking forward to our climb. If it doesn't involve a race car, a shuttle, or something else he can drive, Tom's not interested. Besides, since we got married I see more than enough of him. Hold still.(Torres opens a ceiling hatch and stands up. Icheb scans her.) [Kraylor ship - Bridge] Sure, as soon as you help me finish this diagnostic. Of course you can. You've done dozens of them. Us? I don't think I understand. Excuse me? What are you talking about? Look, I'm sorry, but you've got the wrong idea. You seemed a little lonely. I was just trying to be friendly. You scanned me? It was hot, and I've been under a lot of pressure, but I certainly wasn't aroused. Look, Icheb, I like you. But aside from the fact that I am a much older woman, I'm married. You're right. As much as it hurts, I'll just have to face the truth.
 Cold, patronising, arrogant. Difficult? She's impossible. Does the word irrelevant mean anything to you? She won't listen. She may look human, and she may sound human, but she's all Borg. And with good reason. Guess what she did this morning. She took an isolinear processor out of Engineering without asking, and when I went to Astrometrics to get it back she had locked the door, like that lab is her own private domain. I've heard worse ideas. Did you hear that? She's giving orders now. I'm telling you, Chakotay. If she gets in my way again, I am not responsible for what happens. That should do it. The subspace transceiver is at two hundred percent output and online. We're ready.  We should try widening the subspace bandwidth and sending the message again. A holographic datastream might work. It wouldn't degrade so quickly. Exactly. When you get there, you'll be downloaded into their EMH system. I'm sending an initiation code along with your programme so you'll be activated immediately. Torres to bridge. I'm downloading him into the transceiver array. That's right. State your reasons, please. It's not what you say, Seven. It's how you say it. You may have noticed that some of the crew seem a bit on edge when you're around. No, that's not what I mean. We're not afraid that you're going to assimilate us. We're just not used to. You just. You're rude. Yes. Yes. You order people around, you do things without permission, and whether you realise it or not you come off as a little insulting. You don't even say please or thank you. Look, I don't expect you to change overnight but, try to remember that we are not just a bunch of drones. In your opinion. That is exactly what I'm talking about. You haven't even been listening to me. I don't know why I try to talk to you if you don't even. Are we losing the link? The Doctor? (An alien in armour and facemask.) I'm Lieutenant Torres of the Starship Voyager. You mean the sensor network? We thought that it was abandoned. No, no, wait, please. We just (Transmission ends.)  We're boosting the signal gain as high as it'll go. I think we can cut through the alien's jamming signal. He's trying to jam the link again. You killed him? Mild shock? Not bad. Does it contain a holographic subroutine? Transfer it to Sickbay. Torres to bridge. Captain, I think he's back. [Sickbay]
The anomaly is sending out heavy subspace distortions. I can't get a positive lock on him. I'll try. We've got him, Captain.
We found a vein of pure polyferranide, three kilometres long. It's a real shame we're leaving. When we spoke to them, they were going to check out the outermost moons. That's where Neelix and I went. Our scans of the moon are inconclusive. We can't see anything through the turbulence in the atmosphere. The targeting scanners still can't lock onto anything on the surface. It would be easier if we sent down another shuttle. I'll keep working on it. [Drayan moon] (Night has fallen. Tuvok has lit a fire and is continuing with repairs when Corin comes up to him.)  Captain, you might want to see this. (Planetary scan 047.) Actually we've found two, both crashed on the surface. The sensor resolution is still quite low. This looks like our shuttle. I'd guess the other one is Drayan. I've been working on the transporters. It just isn't possible to get a pattern lock through all the turbulence.
 We've been out here almost 5 hours and we haven't seen any sign of those energy signatures. Isn't it time to admit they were nothing more than galactic background noise? Ah! Cramp. Klingon bodies weren't meant to sit in a cockpit for five hours at a stretch. What's that supposed to mean? What? Freddie Bristow is a child. I played one game with him, and I whipped him. Look, he has a crush on me. I can handle it. Why are you so interested? Lieutenant, that is none of your business. I'd rather take my chances with Freddie Bristow. Those energy signatures are back. What's that? Why didn't we detect it? It certainly was. No idea. They seemed to be trying to communicate with us but we couldn't understand them and then they just lifted their weapons. I'm really feeling better. Can't I get out of here? Thank you.  The EMH database seems to be experiencing a cascading overload of some kind. Doc's memory circuits are deteriorating. I did, and I installed them, but they're breaking down. That would stop the cascade and allow us to reset your database and personality sub-routines, but It would restore the original programme. Reset him to the person he was when we first activated him. Right. Unfortunately no. It's a possibility. I'll get started. I want to see if the data corruption is affecting your optical sensors. What did that do? All right. Attenuating your forcefield projectors. Doctor, forgive me, but this is very delicate work. Could you please sit over there for a few minutes. You are questioning my bedside manner? The good news is that your projection system doesn't seem to be affected. However, I don't know why your circuits are degrading. What we do now is get a second opinion. I'll transfer you to the holodeck in a few minutes. Wait here.  [Corridor - outside Holodeck two]  Computer. Initiate Jupiter Station diagnostic programme alpha one one.  Computer, transfer the programme for the Emergency Medical Hologram to Holodeck two. You should. This is Jupiter Station where you were created and where your database was written. This programme contains a sophisticated diagnostic matrix specifically created for the Emergency Medical system. I'm going to have to play with the systems for a few minutes. I'm not exactly sure how to access all the subroutines. Who are you? You're the diagnostic matrix. Yes. He's experiencing a cascade failure. His memory circuits are degrading. I was trying to bring the subroutines on line I can see where you get your charming personality. Almost two years. I know. I added data compression buffers to compensate for the additional time but they're breaking down. Should we shut down his programme then till we figure out how to fix him? We are aware of that option. Would it be possible to expand his memory circuits instead? I'm afraid that is impossible. We're thousands of light years from Federation space. I'm here, Captain. I'm on my way. Doctor Zimmerman, you haven't told us anything that we don't already know. What I need is to find out exactly why the Doctor's memory circuits are degrading, so that we can come up with a solution. Activate a level 4 diagnostic or whatever you need to do to get us some answers. I'll be back as soon as I can. I'll hurry, I promise.  [Bridge] Torres here. Ready.  [Bridge]  Pulse is activated.  [Bridge] I'll try. The anti-matter reaction chamber may have been compromised.  [Bridge] Torres here. I'm going to try realigning the dilithium matrix but we'll need to shut down the warp drive to do it. I don't know if I can do this on the run, Captain, but I'll give it a try.  [Bridge]  Nicoletti, we're going to have to try a dilithium realignment on the fly. Let's try and figure out how to do it without killing everyone in engineering.  [Sickbay] That's to be expected. It's a complex procedure. I think at this point we'd be glad to have him back no matter what. Actually I have an awful headache. Thank you.
It's a medicine wheel, a talisman used by Chakotay's tribe. He once showed me how it works. He said if anything ever happened to him, that I should perform a special healing ritual. The wheel represents both the universe outside and the universe inside our minds as well. They believe each is a reflection of the other. When a person is sleeping, or on a vision quest, it's said that his soul is walking the wheel. But if he's in a coma or near death, it means that he's gotten lost. These stones are signposts to help point the way back. Not exactly standard medical procedure, I know, but How do you know about the medicine wheel? Find your way home, Commander. [Kes's quarters] (Kes is reading a book.) [OC]: Torres here. [OC]: No one right now. I was there this morning, and Lieutenant Paris was in there just a few minutes ago. [OC]: Positive. I just saw him leave about five minutes ago. Captain? What? Captain, I don't know what you're talking about. Aye, Captain. [Corridor] We didn't pick up a discharge of any kind on the internal sensors. But what if we could perform a magneton scan on the entire ship all at once? A magneton flash scan. We could reconfigure every sensor array on the ship to emit a single burst. It might be enough to illuminate any anomalous energy. Harry, what do you think? (Harry is staring at nothing, so Tuvok draws his phaser and Torres gets out a tricorder.) I don't see anything unusual, but that doesn't mean anything. Torres to Janeway. Captain, can you come down to Engineering? There's something here I think you should see.  I've been trying to reconstruct the damaged sensor logs from Tuvok and Chakotay's shuttlecraft. I didn't have any luck until I ran a parity trace scan. Captain, the sensor logs weren't destroyed by an energy discharge. Someone erased them, and then overloaded the sensor matrix to make it look like they'd been damaged. It gets worse. There was enough information left in the backup logs for me to reconstruct what happened during the attack. They were near a dark matter nebula and an energy discharge did breach the hull, but there was no other ship. I'm certain of it. From what I can tell, the energy discharge came from the nebula itself. He must have been under the alien's influence. The sensor arrays are charging now. Fifteen, maybe twenty minutes. Torres to Bridge. Captain [Engineering]  I think I was just taken over by the alien. One second I was working the plasma relays and the next thing I knew, I was ejecting [Bridge] TORRES How did you manage to reintegrate his consciousness?
We can do both. I hear the course takes days. Oh, Tom is very patient, sir. Have fun.  The burn patterns suggest a tetrion flux. Maybe she already did. Some of the damage to the wing was caused by feedback from the shuttle’s phasers. It looks like the feedback from the barrier is what destroyed the shuttle. If we’re not careful the same thing could happen to Voyager. [Debris field] (The girl is making bracelets from pieces of magnetic rock. Seven activates her communication device, but the energy arcs to a nearby group of pebbles and fails.) The barrier's interfering with every system we activate.
We were just about to send the captain's reply to Lieutenant Barclay. Transmitting. (The MIDAS array receives the transmission. So does a small ship very close by.) [Ferengi ship] He's not only programmed to get us home, he does impressions. Sorry, Reg. We're almost finished. (The EMH is transferred in.) I've gone over his entire matrix. He's working perfectly. And? Well, Seven thinks our proximity to the fold degraded his matrix, but if you ask me, it was a recursive error in his logic subroutine. (Kim tries the pie.) It's true. I was there. The captain doesn't want us to get our hopes up, but personally I think we'll be home by the end of the week. You were right about him. [Pathfinder holodeck]
Acknowledged, Captain.  Chakotay, you're going out to look for them, aren't you? Take me with you. I've already handed out assignments. Vorik's on top of it. I want to help you find them. Don't patronise me. We both know how dangerous that environment is. They could be in serious trouble. You think I can't control myself? You're damn right I am. If someone you loved was missing on this planet you would be the first one out that door, and you know it. Do me a favour. Take Seven of Nine with you. You said you needed cool heads, didn't you? Nobody's head is cooler than hers. And bring them back safe. Yes? Well, that's great. But right now I'm more concerned with little things like, oh, I don't know, say, life support? You say that like you're giving me the weather report. Losing our cool? Where did you pick up that expression? Well, there's hope for you yet. Now, how about giving me a hand. [Cavern] Add a little sodium chloride and it would probably taste a lot like Neelix's soup. Captain? That's a protein molecule. Captain. Wait. That might not be necessary.(The sample returns to its dish, then becomes a replica of the thumb.) [Cavern]
 The graviton shear is buckling the hull. If we don't find a way out of Chaotic space soon, we're going to die here, [Doctor's office] It looks like that's what they did. You're being selfish, Chakotay.
 Containment field is active. We're ready for transport. That's strange. Both containers should have been filled. I'm aborting transport. Okay, let's try that again. Energising. (Both containers fill this time.) All right. I'll get a complete phase spectrum analysis on this as soon as possible. I'd say more like twenty. Um, six hours. Maybe more. Can you convince him to give up his free time? We think it happened when we beamed aboard the samples from the protostar. There was a breach in the annular confinement beam, and photonic energy must have leaked into the transporter system. Except it's not supposed to convert people.  Captain, I'm picking up signs of matter energy conversion. I can't get a lock. (A bright light forces open the door to the Great Hall.) Captain, I've lost their life signs. They're gone. [Briefing room]  This is a scan of the holodeck just before we lost contact with Chakotay and Tuvok. The readings are pretty garbled, but I'm still inclined to think there is a malfunction in the holodeck's matter conversion nodes. A defect that dematerialised our people. Anyone who goes back in there might wind up just like the others. And we're going to give you complete control over your magnetic containment field. You'll be able to make yourself solid or let matter pass through you at will. Captain, take a look at this. The readings from the Doctor's tricorder when the energy surge made contact with him. Yes, but it's the first time we've had clear readings from a moment of contact. I wonder if I could produce these same patterns in the samples we have in Engineering. I'm on it. We're getting a reaction. What's that? Let's get a containment field around it. Okay, now I've got a containment field blocking it. Let's give it another try. Now it's blocked on three sides. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? We may be dealing with a life form. Torres here. Right. It broke through the sample container. Captain, it's showing the properties of a life form.  It seems to have a neural net, and it's demonstrating signs of intelligent behaviour. Force field is in place. And it seems pretty clear that the energy form was trying to get back to it as though it's a shelter of some kind. But what are they doing over there? How did they get there? I'm reading a massive particle surge on our holodeck.
This is a Starfleet ship. No one will believe we actually go around shooting injured crewmen. Are you sure you're not taking this a little personally? Well, the holodeck always has been your domain. Why don't you have a seat over here? What's wrong? Oh, right. I don't see it. (Marseilles points to a huge Excuse me. Maybe you should waive that restriction during emergencies. A plasma conduit exploded? Lieutenant Paris, er, Marseilles told me there was an accident. Maybe you should be a little nicer to your shipmates. You never know when you might need their help.  Computer, lights. (The lights reveal Marseilles and crewwoman getting intimate on a biobed.) Oh, I get it. Interesting plot twist. You get me out of Sickbay so you're free to give my patient a tonsillectomy. The characters look almost exactly like us. Yeah, what was the point of that? It was like carrying around a small shuttlecraft. Brothers? That must be the one where we assimilate the Borg and take over the quadrant. It's from my father. He wants to talk. Well, I've already arranged to talk with my cousin. I wouldn't know what to say to him. Look at you. You must be, what, twenty weeks along? Twenty three, actually. Not yet. We were thinking about Miral. We have less than a minute. Is there a reason you wanted to talk? I'll write you.(Transmission ends.) [Pathfinder lab]
I had one small salad. No. I guess so. What? Doctor, unless you want me to knock you into the middle of the next millennium, you'd better back off. Doctor, have you been messing around with your programme? What exactly have you done to yourself? And incorporated them into your programme? That's more than I can say for you. You can't just casually add behavioural subroutines into your programme. Research is one thing, putting it into practice is something else. Behavioural subroutines have a way of interacting with each other which isn't always predictable. You've got to be careful, or someone might hurt you. (The EMH removes his hand from Torres' knee.) I will take a look at your programme when I've finished my shift in Engineering. It shouldn't be too hard to smooth out the rough spots. I'll make you better than new.  Doctor, wait. There's a problem with your programme. I'm not sure. Something caused by the new subroutines you added. He might not be unless I can figure out what's going on. I need to run a complete analysis on all your subroutines while they're running. It's not your fault. It looks good in theory. What could be wrong with adding a little personality to your programme. You didn't anticipate the linkages between the subroutines. The complex behaviours that could emerge out of the mix. Well, take Lord Byron, for example. A creative, poetic genius. But Byron was also emotionally intense, even unstable. Our holodeck simulation of Byron includes those unstable elements. It wouldn't be Byron otherwise. And T'Pau. She was a diplomat, a judge, a philosopher. And utterly ruthless in her application of that logic. A lot of the historical characters you chose have this dark thread running through their personalities. I'm about to do just that. I've programmed a search algorithm to locate and decompile every one it finds. You'll have to shut yourself off for this one. Doctor? [Corridor] What happened? Why? You're a new personality from the subroutines. What have you done? I can't move my legs. Why? You're in trouble, aren't you. The subroutines that created you, they're already starting to degrade. Delete the Doctor and you go too. The subroutines are all interconnected. I won't help you. Your subroutines are destabilising. By the time you force that information out of me it'll be too late.  I've deleted all the new subroutines you'd added. All traces of the aberrant personality are gone. That might be safer. He certainly knew his way around a hypospray, I'll give him that. You're welcome. Kes. (Torres leaves as Kes enters.)
I'm with you. Blowing out the dorsal phase emitters. Torres to Engineering. Vent a couple of LN2 exhaust conduits along the dorsal emitters. Make it look like we're in serious trouble. Engines off-line.
Doctor! What are you doing? The internal sensors were damaged during the attack. They must not be reading every life sign on the ship. The Kazon. Two of their Predator class warships took us by surprise, hit us with a volley of plasma torpedoes. It started a core breach and we had to abandon ship. The Captain and I stayed behind to see if we could stop the breach. At the last second we did. (The EMH starts to scan her.) Because they couldn't. The Kazon tractored all of the life pods onto their ships. They went into warp before we could stop them. What's wrong? You've got to help the Captain. She was hit by a falling support beam. I didn't want to risk moving her so I had to leave her on the bridge. The transporters are down. So are the turbolifts. I had to crawl through thirty one Jefferies tubes on five decks just to get here. You don't understand, Doctor. I'm not going, you are. I'm sending you to the bridge. Not any more. For the past few weeks we've been setting up holographic emitters on critical decks. We were hoping to set up a remote holo-projection system, give you access to other parts of the ship. We hadn't even tested the system yet. There was no guarantee it was going to work. I guess the Captain didn't want to get your hopes up. Decks one through five. We also put them in Engineering, the Mess hall and the cargo bay. All the projectors are in place but the problem is we're going to have to interface with the Sickbay imaging system. That's going to take a lot of power and computer memory. I don't know if we have enough reserve power to spare. Good idea. I can drop life support down to minimum levels on the lower decks. That should give us enough power. All right, I'll need another twenty minutes to get the projectors online. (Later.) All right, the remote projectors are charged and ready to go. Imaging interface stable. Are you ready to try this? That's right. There are a couple of things you should know. In order to do this I had to recalibrate your containment field, so your holo-matrix will be very sensitive to disruption. Try to stay away from energy discharges. Phaser fire, forcefields, that sort of thing. Make sure you do, because if your containment field collapses it'll take hours to re-initialise your programme. I'm going to head down to engineering and try and get some of the critical systems working. You'll hear from me when I get the comm. system back online. Unless, of course, this doesn't work, in which case I'll see you in about five seconds. Good luck, Doctor. Torres to bridge, can you hear me? Are you all right, Captain? I've got communications back online and I think I can re-activate the warp core, but it'll mean recrystallising the entire dilithium matrix. Aye, Captain. Torres out.
They're being disrupted by some kind of energy surges. Commander. I can't make heads or tails of this injector manifold, and it looks like the dilithium matrix has been completely redesigned. Aye, sir. (Chakotay hears a woman's gasps. She is trapped beneath a fallen beam.) Max. I tried to say hello in Sickbay but you were sedated. We went to the Academy together. First Officer, impressive. The last time we talked you were about to drop out of Starfleet. For a while. Until I ran into these two. Why don't we all have dinner together? Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato. It was a nickname. My initials. We broke up over ten years ago. No need to go to red alert. You're cute when you're jealous. See you on the Equinox. I think we can overlook this infraction. Can I help you with something? Problem is, you were never really interested in the work, or the meal. Something tells me you haven't changed. PetaQ. Look, Max, don't get me wrong, it's good to see you again, but ten years. Tom Paris. Get going, or I will throw you in the Brig. [Mess hall] I don't understand. This should be working. I'm running a system-wide diagnostic. (Outside the Equinox crew quarters, the guard hears a noise and opens the door. He gets shot.) [Bridge] Someone reconfigured the sensors so we couldn't detect it. [Bridge]  Someone's disrupting the forcefield. It's Max. He's using one of his triquadric algorithms. I taught him how to do that ten years ago. [Bridge]  Bridge, they've got the field generator! [Bridge]  I don't know how, but they beamed it off Voyager. [Equinox Bridge]  I can't locate their shield grid generator. Can you divert more power to sensors? [Bridge]  Computer, open a comm. link to the Equinox. Workstation thirty three beta. [Equinox Bridge] TORRES This isn't one of our games. People are dying over here. Max, please. [Bridge]  If there's an Ankari vessel less than two light years from here, why haven't we detected it?  They've slowed to one quarter impulse. How'd they get through our shields?
What's the emergency? Mmm, looks delicious. Maybe there's a problem with the bioneural gel pack in the replicator panel. Oh, so this is my fault? You know, I think that there's a plasma relay on deck seven that really needs repair. Oh, you need me. I'm touched. What's going on here? Looks like this gel pack has an infection. Half the neurodes have been burned out and the pack is filled with some kind of mucilaginous compound. Tom, call the Doctor and tell him (Torres reaches for the gel pack. It explodes, covering her hand with mucus.) I may never look at food again. Well, right now, they're both unhappy. Oh. (Torres passes out.)
We've got systems failures on eight decks, Captain. Make that nine decks. I've run every diagnostic I know and I can't seem to isolate the problem. Excuse me? Well, one of your gremlins just paid a visit to the replicator system. [Mess hall] Everybody stop eating! Well, that explains it. (The heating unit is a very nasty colour.) This isn't Starfleet issue. Did you run a diagnostic before you installed it?
My servant? All right. Let me go. Why not? You're trying to kill me. (There are cuts on her forearm.) What are you talking about? Oh, I can see I'm in good hands. There's a medkit over there. A box, made out of metal. There's What other things do you expect from an Eternal? My clan? What do you know about that? Delta Flyer log, stardate 53918. Harry and I are continuing toward the fourth planet. Sensors have picked up natural dilithium deposits on nearly every land mass. (Fast forward.) Yes. We're running on thrusters. Can you track our position? How long have I been here? And you tied me to this chair. You made a play out of our logs? He has great taste. Now take that knife of yours and cut me free. Why? And you expect to get them from me? I need to get back to Voyager. What exactly do you want to know? It's not possible. We Eternals have our rules. We can't just give everything away. Cut me free and I'll tell you. Cut me free. (Kelis cuts the ropes. Torres picks up a phaser.) TORRES: You're the one who's leaving.  Computer, bring the subspace transmitter online. Why not? Great. Now there's no power. I told you not to come back. I'm an engineer. I fix things. Are you a poet or a critic? I have to sing for my supper, huh? It's a, an island. A beautiful island, blue and green. In a long line of great ships. The Caretaker. Yes, you could say that. He caused a storm, which blew us off course. Supper is over. Come with me. [Delta Flyer - aft compartment] Exactly. Tell me, have you ever seen this before? (She calls up an image of a crystalline structure.) Can you get me some? Where can I find it? Maybe I'm more powerful than he is. Which is why you're going to get the dilithium. The dilithium. Or I don't say another word about Shining Voyager, far from home. (A thunderstorm breaks overhead.) Don't get caught. [Delta Flyer - evening] Will you stop walking around? You're going to break something. It just is. It worked. (She puts the new crystal into a holder.)TORRES: Okay, Computer, bring subspace transmitter online. (Explosion.) I don't know. The transmitter must have been weakened in the crash. It couldn't take the energy surge. Enough! What kind of metallurgic technology do you people have? Alloys. Which ones can you make? Steel? Bronze? Bronze, all right. I need a plate of metal this big, as thin as it can be, three parts tin to five parts bronze. One side coated with gold. Then you're going into debt. Get me the plate, and then I'll tell you. I've given you enough help. Where's that piece of metal? (Kelis hands it over.)TORRES: Not bad. We Eternals aren't supposed to take sides. I don't have that kind of magical power. I can't fix the transmitter with this. There's too many impurities. It'll never carry a plasma charge. There's nothing I can do. It's simple. They search for B'Elanna Torres. B'Elanna Torres is found. Or not found. The end. It sounds pretty straightforward to me. Thank you. The primary controls are offline. I've ordered Harry to eject. I still have thrusters. I'm setting a course for an L class planet. I'll try to maintain contact. Captain Janeway kissing Commander Chakotay? Tom Paris kissing Seven of Nine? I don't see the point. You can't change somebody's way of life with a few lines of dialogue. Well, you're going to have to do a lot better than Harry Kim kissing the Delaney sisters. Because when you think that you are surrounded by enemies, when you're up against the Borg, or, or Species 8472, the last thing on your mind is romance. I'm sorry, Kelis. They're soldiers, part of a vast army. They all think the same thoughts, and they travel on ships that look like hives. They even have a queen. She is a Starfleet officer, trained to avoid violence whenever possible. She would make peace with the Borg if she could. Go on. Including your patron? It's much better than all that kissing. You'll figure something out. You wouldn't dare. [Delta Flyer - night] Don't be ridiculous. We're collaborators, that's all. Harry? Oh. How? You walked? Harry Kim saves the day. Just the ending I was looking for. [Open Air Theatre] Why not? The thirty eighth time might be the charm. (The console comes alive.) Voyager, this is the Delta Flyer. [Backstage] Delta Flyer. Harry and I are all right. We're on an L class planet. Propulsion is down. Yes. Don't be afraid. (He hands over the message and runs.) Without inspiration, B'Elanna Torres will perish. He's threatening to kill off B'Elanna as the climax to his play. That means that he still can't figure out the ending. I do. Harry, have you ever inspired anybody? It's been a strange couple of weeks. He needs me, or he's the one who's going to die on that stage. Tell the Captain I'll be a little late. Wait for my signal.(She beams herself away.) [Open Air Theatre] No, it's not. Wait! Let's go. [Open Air Theatre] And not a moment too soon. Kelis the poet must say goodbye as B'Elanna Torres returns to the Eternals in a dazzling blaze of light. No, right here before your eyes. Voyager needs me. No, you don't. You have all that you need right here. (Torres hands him her mask.) One to beam, to ascend to the heavens. (Torres is beamed away.)
Telepaths. Ow! Ow! Hey! No, no, I'm fine. I just wish people would look where they're going. Neelix? Ready to leave? Somebody get a doctor! I don't understand why nobody tried to help him. Captain Janeway and I had an appointment with Mister Guill. We'd met him the day before. He's said he could get a spare resonator coil for us. Just as we'd settled on a price. What I was thinking? What does it matter? I suppose I was a little annoyed. All right. I guess I was thinking, my foot hurt. I mean, the idiot stepped right on it. Of course not. I guess so. It was an accident. I'd never do that. How am I supposed to remember? Well, maybe for a split second. (Image of Torres hitting Frane for treading on her foot.)TORRES: I mean, he should have been watching where he was going. But I realised that he didn't do it on purpose, so I shook it off and I left. Why? What does it matter what I was thinking? On what charge? That's ridiculous. So you believe that it's all right to tell people what they can and cannot think? Where we come from, people are responsible for their own actions. Captain. The what? Captain!  I'm not sure I like the idea of a mind meld any better than an engrammatic purge. I guess that's when I had the thought about hitting him. Guill came over and asked if I was hurt. Why? Well, he was just holding me by the shoulders. I don't know. He gave me the creeps. He wanted something. Something terrible. (Torres breaks the meld.)TORRES: What the hell? Why didn't I remember that before? Oh, you have got to be kidding. No. Wait. (She is injected and strapped into the chair.) It's all right, Doc. There are plenty more where those came from. Thanks for getting me out of there. So, if I was responsible for passing that thought you would have let them lobotomise me?  [Corridor] So, you still a fan of the Mari legal system? Then you're not going to lecture me about losing my temper? Really? Thanks. I think. You don't say.  [Ready room]
I've also drawn up some designs for an oxygen replication system. It'll allow you to create free oxygen without extricating it from the water. It won't solve your problems overnight, but it's a start. See you later.  (Torres leaves.) What? No. No, it sounds like you've found yourself a cause. Well, for what it's worth, I'm proud of you. What about Tom Paris? [Transporter room] Rumour has it that you're free for dinner. My quarters, oh seven hundred. That's an order, Ensign.
There's more?  What happened to going to yellow alert after half an hour?  Hey, Neelix. Oh, I don't know. I thought some of those pictures were pretty funny. You're famous. What? Try it, and I'll kill you. Right after I finish deleting the Doctor's programme. (The ship starts shaking.) My scans came up with something interesting, Captain. The interfaces on the alien's vessel can only be activated chemically. I'm guessing that this lifeform somehow interfaces directly with the ship's systems using biochemical secretions to give commands. I'm hoping this can also help us figure out (The creature leaps through the bay's forcefield and onto Torres. Janeway grabs the security guard's phaser.) Get it off of me! I can't move. Who's that? Can't he find somebody else? Hologram or not, he's Cardassian. As far as I'm concerned, they're all cold-blooded killers. What's going on? The Cardassian? You can leave him off. When it comes to Cardassians, I'm guilty as charged. I'll skip the introductions if it's all the same to you. I'm not the only one who's going to have a problem with that. Don't hold your breath.  I had a bad feeling about that hologram the second I saw him. I won't let him near me. No, I am dead serious. If I let that pig operate on me, I'll be benefiting from other people's suffering. I won't do it. Tell him. Do it without him. Find another way. It's a combination of mental relaxant and expeller of demons. It's an ancient Klingon remedy. I'm alive. Is that an order? You can't order someone to get rid of an emotion, Captain. You had no right to make that decision for me!
Engineering is undamaged, Captain. All systems operational. (Paris takes back the helm.) On my way. The entire surface of the planet was just seared. They're gone. Vaporised. Every organic has basically been obliterated. Chaltok Four? So, we're looking at the end of a war. Polaric ion concentrations are so high I can't get an accurate reading. A civilisation powered by polaric ion energy? What? Your central nervous system is showing a temporal flux, but it's rapidly returning to normal. Shockwaves from most explosions dissipate into the future, but we're speculating, based in part on what Paris told us he saw, that these dissipate into the past. He wasn't all the way inside a fracture, remember? We still saw Paris standing there even when he could see the other side. There's no way for us to measure exactly how far back these fractures go. Once we've identified where and when they re, then we have to widen the fracture at that point. This device uses the same polaric energy that destroyed the planet. If we can locate them, this is capable of bringing them back. Not at the same location. Once we make an attempt at any given location, the damage to subspace will make a second attempt impossible. We've modified our tricorders to detect the fractures, and all of us will be wearing one of these. (An armband with a box on it.) It puts out an anti-polaric field. It should repel the fractures when they get within three metres. That probably indicates the subspace damage is beginning to dissipate. If that's true, it's going to be harder to locate Tom and the Captain. I guess it means they were caught in the explosion. Initiating microscanner for subspace fracture.  [Room]  I've found them. Scanners are picking up a subspace beacon. Adjusting penetration co-ordinates to match. I'll try to open up the other end. (She switches the beam on.) At this point we're suggesting we concentrate our search at the flash-point. We already have. This was undoubtedly the flash-point of the explosion. Whatever went wrong, it started here. Scanning for the subspace beacon. It doesn't look like they were here. There's no way we could pin-point the exact time we'd be penetrating but we could make an educated guess. Commander? [Corridor]  I'm getting nadion particle resistance from the other side. I don't understand. It's not working. We're not penetrating the fracture. (The wormhole is defeated by Janeway's phaser, blowing the away team backwards in slow motion. All the crewmembers disappear from the planet surface.) [Bridge]
Remodulate the coil frequency. Try again. We can't activate the transwarp coil. If I could equip our engines with even one coil, we could shave about twenty years off this trip. We need to mask our warp signature. I've got a few Maquis tricks up my sleeve. They're not exactly Starfleet approved, but.  The Sphere is maintaining course. They're in. The shields are back up. They're assimilating the shuttle. They're bringing the remaining transwarp coils online.  They're through. Commander? Torpedoes locked.  Commander, I'm picking up Borg signatures. Lots of them. The conduit. So did I.  Here they come. (In tiny pieces.) Captain's log, stardate 52619.2. We got another twenty thousand light years out of the transwarp coil before it gave out. I figure we're a good fifteen years closer to home. [Cargo Bay two]
Shush. (Neelix and Jetal enter.) Er, go ahead, Ensign. Or should I say. (The lights come on.) Acknowledged. Our only option was to erase your memories of those events. Here we go again. Captain? We've seen what happens to him. In fact, we've seen it twice. We gave him personality subroutines. I'd hardly call that a soul. [Cargo Bay two]
I don't know about you, but I've got a case of class two claustrophobia. Oh, that's what Starfleet cadets used to call these class two shuttles. Fast, manoeuvrable, but not built for comfort. Not a bad idea. All stop. Keep our distance. What was that? It's massive! Tom, back us off. We're caught in the gravimetric shear! I'll transfer your programme back to Sickbay. Hang on. (The mobile emitter falls to the deck.) It looks like some of your emitter circuits were fused during transport. [Sickbay]  Relax, Doctor. I'll keep you posted. Mulchaey. [Science lab]  Computer, run diagnostic routine alpha three six. First thing in the morning, I want you to check the results. What do you want? Go away. The one day I get to sleep in. Computer, activate sonic shower. Hey! I thought you said this thing was a foetus. Wait a minute. The Doctor's emitter came from the twenty ninth century. It's five hundred years more advanced that anything we've got. A twenty ninth century Borg. For now. What about when it grows up? [Ready room] More? Link them to the dataport. How many Borg hitchhikers are we going to pick up on this trip? Maybe this is the Collective's new strategy. They don't assimilate anymore, they just show up and look helpless. We don't know what this drone will turn into. It's gone from infant to adult in one day. How Starfleet of you. This isn't a classroom, Seven. Very good. You get a gold star. Well, how about familiarising him with the Airponics bay. I have got one hour to come up with a way to predict the expansion rate of this protonebula or Janeway's going to pull the plug on the entire survey. Do you mind? All right. (The drone works quickly at a console.) Amazing. [Ready room]
