I'm Trajis Lo-Tarik. I'm in need of a microfusion chamber. Would you consider a trade? Trying to get through it, as I imagine you are. You're fortunate. I have an ample supply. Borg? Never heard of them. Are you alone on this ship? I'm both pilot and crew on my ship. Fortunately, I happen to be resistant to the effects of the nebula. I've had to rebuild my engines twice already. If you've been in the nebula for three weeks, you're doing well. I'll admit I was surprised to find another ship headed toward me. No one has ever managed to cross the nebula. I'm here by choice. I'm determined to be the first to get through. I've tried five times before and failed, but this time I'm sure I'll make it. I want to see what's on the other side. But I'll be the first of my kind to see it. Tell me, how are you handling the loneliness? You know what I mean. No matter what you say, you're all alone here. I've heard that drones can't stand being alone. They're too used to the Collective. It's true, isn't it? Don't be offended. I've got no grudge with them. I thought we could keep each other company for a while. Maybe have something to eat. And if I want to stay longer? (Seven draws a phaser.)  There's no need for this, you know. I mean you no harm. I think maybe you're a little paranoid. That's what loneliness can do to you. You'd be a lot better off to spend some time with me. We could get to know each other. Seven of Nine. that's an unusual name. How did you get it? Don't want to answer me? That's all right, I don't mind. I know you're not yourself today. But you might be interested in what I'm doing now. I know your sensors can't detect me. So if you want to know where I am, you'll have to ask. Playing stubborn? That's a mistake. It could lead to an unfortunate accident. Just to prove I'm willing to give you a fair chance, I'll ask you. What would happen if the structural integrity around the warp coils collapsed? You wouldn't have much time to keep them from rupturing.(Seven runs.) [Engineering] (All is well here.)TRAJIS Finally. I'm glad you're responding. It's going to be much more interesting if we play this game together. A long way from you. On the bridge. Command centre of your ship, I believe. I can do just about anything from here. Of course. Do you think I'd leave now? That's better. Well, let's just imagine that one of the photon torpedoes was activated but not ejected. Even then you might be too late. But of course you have to try. What? In your heart you knew you'd see me again. (Seven fires at Trajis. No effect.)TRAJIS: You can't defeat me. You're too weak. You couldn't stand being alone, could you? You felt vulnerable, afraid. Because you know what you are. At first you thought you could become human, but now you know that's impossible, don't you? You're Borg. That's what you were meant  He's right. You're in pain, Seven. I can help you. You don't have to beg me. You don't even have to ask. All you have to do is make a choice. That's home. That's where you belong. End your pain. Just walk through that door and you'll never be alone again.
