Hello, Reg. Would it be all right if I came inside? You know me too well. But just one scoop, I'm watching my figure. You always knew how to flatter me. Would you like me to get it? The ice cream. It's a nice place. Did you just move in? Is everything all right Reg? To be honest, you seem a little on edge. I'm excited to see you, too. I think Geordi's a little disappointed I didn't invite him to come along. Of course it is. I hear you've been working on the Pathfinder project. What happened? Well, hello. Neelix. That's an unusual name. Maybe we should introduce him to Data's cat, Spot. I have a feeling you didn't ask me here to reminisce. Tell me what's wrong. Lost yourself? Don't worry about that. The important thing is, I'm here now and I want to help. Now, start at the beginning. I can't say it has. MIDAS? Reg, you're losing me. The beginning? Go on. How did you deal with your feelings afterwards? [Barclay's Apartment] Well, did you talk to Commander Harkins after the meeting? Apologise? Be more specific. What exactly did you do? Sounds reasonable. I suppose you consulted with some of your Pathfinder colleagues. You went back to the holodeck, didn't you? They're not people. Poker? Massages? Sleeping in holographic quarters? Sounds more like escape than work. Can't you relax with your friends? Commander Harkins invited you to his home. You went to the holodeck instead. Okay. Tell me how the holograms helped you with your work. The Admiral said he'd review your findings. Try to relax. Yes, I do. I can't do that. Look at yourself. You're experiencing acute anxiety, sleeplessness, paranoia. You did what you could. Now it's time to let Starfleet worry about Voyager. We need to take care of you. You said yourself you've become obsessed with Voyager. Voyager is important, but so are you. Tell me why that is. So you created a new family on the holodeck. Only they're not real. Do you remember when you first came aboard the Enterprise? You had trouble fitting in, didn't you? But after a while you started to make friends. You can learn to do the same thing here on Earth. We'll work on it together. I've decided to ask Captain Picard for a temporary leave of absence. To spend some time with an old friend. Try and stop me. (Later, Barclay wakes with Neelix lying on his chest.)BARCLAY: I'm sorry, Neelix. I have to leave. No, no, you can't talk me out of it. [Outside Pathfinder lab] Why not? It's quite an accomplishment. What did Commander Harkins have to say about it? Why wouldn't he be? You're quite a catch. It's a new era. So tell me all about the lucky lady. I want details. You're kidding.
It's not that simple, Reg. Doctor Zimmerman sounds like a very complex individual. I'd need to speak to him in person. The Enterprise is in the middle of a mission. We're nearly seven light years from you. They're all important, Reg. I could refer you to Counsellor Jenzo, a colleague of mine on Earth. It would be an interesting challenge. Don't thank me yet. I'll still need to clear this with Captain Picard. If he agrees, I might be able to be there by early next week. Hello, I'm Deanna Troi. Which one of you is Doctor Zimmerman? Excuse me? Ow!  (Zimmerman pinches her arm.) I can assure you I'm quite real. Did I come at a bad time? I see. Mind if I sit down? Reg tells me you won't let the Doctor help you. I understand he's developed a promising treatment. Doctor. Imagine that your programme was seriously damaged, and the only person who could repair you was an engineer from, say, a hundred years ago. Would you feel comfortable with that? Honestly, Doctor? A hundred years ago? Now, put yourself in the Doctor's shoes. Imagine you were asked to treat someone you cared about, say an EMH Mark twelve. But if there were, and you wanted to save his programme. He probably wouldn't let you near him. He wouldn't care that you'd won the Daystrom Prize for holography. From his perspective, you'd be out of date. But what if you knew you could save him? Doctor Zimmerman. Gentlemen! I came here thinking that you were opposite sides of the same coin. Identical, but different. Now I see you're both exactly the same. You're both jerks.  I'm starting to think you called the wrong counsellor, Reg. Things are worse now than when I arrived. Lewis won't come out of his lab and the EMH is hiding in a holodeck. A hologram fighting to save the life of his creator, who just so happens to be the same man his own personality is based on. I think I'd need a whole team of therapists just to get them in the same room. I hardly deserve it, but thanks. You're a hologram. I'm an empath. I haven't sensed any emotions from you. When were you first brought online? No offence but, you're more antiquated than the EMH Mark One, and yet Lewis seems to listen to you. Why do you suppose that is? Were you here when the Mark One was created? Any idea why Lewis made it in his own image? I did. He evaded the question. I was hoping you might know. But the Mark One failed to meet Starfleet's expectations. The Mark Two. But none of the later models resembled Lewis. And now, after all this time, a Mark One shows up. It must be like staring in a mirror at a reflection you don't want to remember. [Zimmerman's lab] So this is Voyager. I like it. I think that may have something to do with Reg's cat. He named it after your friend. I know that, but we'd still enjoy your company. Lieutenant Barclay, Haley, myself, Doctor Zimmerman. It's the perfect opportunity for us to talk things out in a more casual environment. Just one meal. Doctor? Troi to Lieutenant Barclay. There's something wrong with the EMH. There are people on Voyager who count on him. Reg. Be patient. (The EMH enters.) Well, traditional therapy wasn't getting us anywhere.
I'm fine, thanks. Reg? He doesn't arrive until Friday. The question is, what are you doing here? Do you have any idea how inappropriate it is to follow your therapist on vacation. Who? I'm not sure any of this qualifies as evidence, Reg. The last time I saw you, you were laughing, telling jokes. You even sang a duet with Data. You were a completely different Reg that night. How? What else? You mentioned her at the party. A teacher, right? And then you lost your hologram. Did it put a strain on your relationship with Leosa? Oh, I'm sorry. That must have been very upsetting. Tell me more about Leosa. What did you talk about? What do you feel when we talk about her now? I'm sensing something else. Something beneath the surface. I think you might be sensing it, too. Suspicion, Reg. You suspect her of something. You think Leosa had something to do with your disappearing hologram but you can't bring yourself to admit it. That's why you're projecting your suspicions onto others. You're in denial. If there's any chance Leosa did breach Pathfinder security, you need to tell your superiors. I'll go with you. I'll be back here before Will arrives. Why would she do that? With the Admiral's permission, I'd like a moment alone with Leosa. Five minutes, Admiral. Did you know I'm a Betazoid? I'm empathic, which means I know when people are lying. Tell me, what's the longest you've ever been incarcerated? Maybe not, but I can order you held for psychiatric observation. Extended observation. Try me. [Pathfinder lab]  You were correct, Admiral. The Ferengi did steal Reg's hologram. Twice. She's telling the truth. For once.  Why are you hiding in the corner? Reg, there's nothing left to foil. The Carolina will have them in custody within the hour. What does that have to do with Voyager? Reprogramme it to do what? What would the Ferengi want with assimilation technology? Reg, even if the Ferengi did reprogramme your hologram to steal the nanoprobes, how would they get their hands on them? Voyager's thirty thousand light years away. Have you mentioned any of this to Commander Harkins? Can we transmit a message? Warn Voyager? You seem to be off to a good start. Will and I decided to spend the rest of our vacation in Tiburon. We were wondering if you're free for dinner tonight. Not possible. Will's bringing a friend for you. Her name's Maril. You're going to adore her. Look Reg, I know Leosa hurt you, but hiding inside a hologrid isn't the answer. You need to get out, meet new people. She's a teacher, actually. A real one. Don't worry, Reg. We've taken security precautions. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
