Now. Obey me, or I will hunt you down and your bones will adorn the bulkhead of my ship. Kommandant, I've been informed there's a problem in the Engineering section. The warp plasma network has become unstable. You! Halt! (Neelix obeys.) Get off your vehicle. What are you transporting? Proceed to your destination. If the choice were mine, you would already be dead. [Le Coeur de Lion] The Kommandant would have us continue this simulation until we rot. It's pointless. We should begin the hunt. He believes we must learn more about our prey, but I have learned enough. Ready your weapon. Avoid the cranium. (Neelix is wheeling his bicycle along the street. They shoot at him. People scatter, but Seven shoots back.) Computer, exit holodeck. We'll take them to the medical bay. [Sickbay] (The EMH is assisting the medic to treat Seven. Neelix is on another biobed.) I look forward to it. I've become impatient. We penetrated this vessel, overcame their defences, and in the moment of the kill, you forced us to stop. Now we play these incessant games. It's time we took our trophies and moved on. There is nothing to be learned. We will travel to another part of space, search for new prey, as we have always done. Why should it? What of the hunt? Even if I were persuaded, others wouldn't be. Commander. I was able to reach deck five but holographic forces are massing near the breach. If I'm to get into the holodeck, I'll need help. When I find Captain Janeway, should I kill her? This is no longer a game. This hunt is real. We should kill the prey. I've cornered several Voyager crewmen. They've taken refuge in a guarded building. I need three nucleonic charges to penetrate the structure. [Bridge] Then I'll need more hunters. Four. Their neural interfaces have been disabled. I will As you wish. You, help me seal this hatch. Put the weapon away. Now. (He obeys and walks away.) And these holograms are becoming annoying as well. Orders from the Kommandant. You will do as he says, as long as I tell you to. Perhaps you would enjoy some entertainment. Sing. Sing or you will die. Yes. [Bridge] What? Acknowledged. You heard him, release the captives. I'll tell the others. Order all units to withdraw to these positions Have you? You two, follow me. [Sainte Claire - Street] Move away from the controls. Move away from the controls. No! (And shoots Karr again. He dies.)
