I am Lieutenant Tuvok. And I am Neelix. I think the logical thing is for me to go to Sickbay. [Sickbay] (There is a security guard at the door, and one by the biobed.) Of course. Doctor, Captain Janeway, Ensign Kim, Kes. I, we, that is to say, Tuvok and Neelix, we had just finished gathering the samples. We were beaming back to the ship. The next thing I knew, I was standing on the transporter pad, as you see me now. The orchids. We had collected several dozen samples of orchids. They were in our sample containers when we beamed up.  This situation must be very difficult for you, Kes. Perhaps it would be easier if someone else administered these tests. I'll do my best. Oh, I'm not worried. I couldn't be in better hands. This crew, you're consummate professionals. You're my friends, my family. So worrying would be illogical, don't you think? Not at all. If you mean am I suffering from some form of multiple personality disorder, I don't think so. I do have the memories of both men, but I seem to have a single consciousness. You must find me very odd, Kes. Ah, a name. I hadn't thought of that. What an intriguing question. I can see why the Doctor's finding it so difficult to choose one. A name can have a significant effect upon a person's sense of identity. I've got it. Why don't you call me Neevok? Wait. This is better. How about Tuvix? I am so glad you're here to help me through this, sweeting. I'm sorry. It was instinct.  Ah, Captain. So good of you to come. I feel well. You might even say exhilarated! Well, that's what I wanted to talk to you about. In the past twenty four hours, I've undergone rigorous diagnostic testing, submitted to an extensive psychological profile, and I've been poked and prodded in organs that I didn't even know I had. While all this testing may, no doubt, be necessary, frankly, I'm restless. And I'd be glad to give you a hand. But, after careful consideration, I've decided that the most sensible thing for me to do is to resume the tactical post. Remember, Captain, I do possess Tuvok's knowledge and expertise. And while I have no doubt that the crew misses Neelix's cooking, you need your most experienced tactical officer. That's me. Captain, has anyone ever told you that you are as fair-minded as you are lovely? Sex. What I mean to say is, and I apologise for cutting you off, Commander, I think we're on the wrong track. Kes, you said that the flowers you examined contained lysosomal enzymes. According to Tuvok's botanical research, the presence of lysosomal enzymes could be evidence of symbiogenesis. Andorian amoeba for instance. They're able to merge with other single-celled organisms to form a third unique species, a hybrid. Exactly. Actually Captain, when you think about it, Neelix and Tuvok were broken down to a microcellular level during transport. DNA, protein, all in a state of molecular flux. Just like that, Tuvix is born.  Kes. Hello. Oh, actually, I was wondering if you'd like to join me for dinner? You've already eaten? You're not hungry? If memory serves me, Wednesday is the day that Neelix always cooked Trellan crepes. Your favourite meal? Well, why break with tradition just because of a little transporter accident? [Mess hall] (Chaos in the kitchen with everyone trying to cook their own dinner.) Er, why don't you have a seat. I'll be with you in a minute. Do you mind telling me what's going on here, crewman? I see. All right, everybody out! Chief of Security or Head Chef. Take your pick. Out, out, out! Come, come, out. (Later, after everyone else has left and the washing up has been done.) So, you really enjoyed the crepes? Don't you think Neelix always made them a little too spicy? Oh, only slightly. I thought more moderate seasoning would allow the flavour of the mushrooms to come through. Oh, I'm glad. I can't believe how disorganised this galley was. It's a wonder Neelix ever found anything. I admire your strength, Kes. I know I'm not Neelix, but I can posit with complete certainty that if the situation were reversed, if suddenly he found himself without you in his life, he'd be absolutely lost. (Tuvix takes Kes' hand.) Good morning, Captain, Commander. Actually, I've been here since oh four hundred hours. I wanted to work on that proximity detector glitch in the security subroutine. I managed to correct it. I had a hunch. That's correct. You'll have a report on your desk first thing this afternoon. Tuvix here. I'm on my way. Excuse me, Captain. (Tuvix leaves.) I suppose it would be like trying to extract the flour, eggs and water after you've baked the cake. Are you saying I'm going to be this way forever? I hope I'm not disturbing you. Ocampan prayer tapers. For Tuvok and Neelix? You have me, Kes. I remind you of what you've lost. I know, and I'm trying to accept who I am now. Captain Janeway tells me there's a place for me on this ship, but I can't help feeling like, like some sort of impostor. That's what I've been hoping. I know this is going to sound very strange to you, perhaps even illogical, since in a way, we've only known each other a few days, but I want you to know I love you, Kes. I could never forget T'Pel. I carry Tuvok's love for her inside me. And I would never ask you to forget Neelix. Because I carry Neelix's love for you inside me as well, and I always will. You heard the Doctor. It could be years before he finds a way to bring Tuvok and Neelix back, if ever. For you, that might be a lifetime. I'm sorry. I should have controlled my emotions. All I really came to say is that I'll be here for you, if you need me. [Janeway's quarters] (Janeway answers the door wearing her dressing gown.)  Eight ball, corner pocket. That's game again, Commander. Would you mind if we finish this later, Commander? Hi. Well, how've you been? Me too. Kes, you don't owe me an explanation. I would like that very much. You would? I'm not going anywhere. Tuvix here. Except one. I don't want to die. [Briefing room] You wanted to see me, Captain? I feel as though I have been dragged in front of the Numerian Inquisition. Are you suggesting that this is your decision to make? Begging your pardon, Captain, it's my life. Isn't it my decision? But they are living in a way, inside me. But restoring their lives means sacrificing mine. Captain, what you're considering is an execution. An execution, like they used to do to murderers centuries ago. And I've committed no crime at all. I'm here, alive. Unfortunate as it may be, they're gone. Don't you think that I care about Tuvok and Neelix? Of course I do. Without them, I wouldn't exist. In a way, I think of them as my parents. I feel like I know them intimately. You're right, Captain. That is the Starfleet way. And I know there'll be some people who, who'll call me a coward because I didn't sacrifice myself willingly. Believe me, I've thought of that. But I have the will to live of two men. Look at me, Captain. When I'm happy, I laugh. When I'm sad, I cry. When I stub my toe, I yell out in pain. I'm flesh and blood, and I have the right to live. [Mess hall] (Kes is moving the food around on her plate.) Kes, I need your help. I've just come from the Captain, and she's thinking about forcing me to go through with the separation. If anybody can make a difference, Kes, it's you. She'll listen to you. We've helped each other through this and I know that you care about what happens to me. Please, Kes, you may be my only hope. [Ready room] You're excused, Ensign. (The Ensign looks to Chakotay for confirmation.) Mister Paris, what is our present speed? I'd like to conduct a field test of the aft sensor array. Please, slow to impulse. Can I assume that you've come to a decision, Captain? I think we all should hear what you have to say. No. Commander, are you going to stand by and do nothing while she commits murder? Mister Ayala. Yes, Lieutenant Paris. You. Doesn't anyone see that this is wrong? (Security enter. Tuvix tries to run for a turbolift and they grab him.) Each of you is going to have to live with this, and I'm sorry for that, for you are all good, good people. My colleagues, my friends, I forgive you.
