The nebula is vast, Captain. It extends beyond the reach of our sensors. Assist us. She won't be here long. She can't survive alone. What is she doing now? But if she fails to get this ship moving, everyone on board will die. What matters to Seven is efficiency. Sacrificing a few to save many, would be an efficient plan.
Tuvok here. On my way. [Mess hall]  I did have a somewhat unsettling dream, yes. It involved a alien with ridges on his face and neck. That would be consistent with the experience the rest of us have had. As a matter of fact it was here in the turbolift. The alien simply stared at me as if scrutinising my appearance. I returned to my quarters. He did. He watched me. Getting dressed. Yes. I would prefer that you didn't. [Outside Kim's quarters] Computer, open door one zero five dash two. Security clearance Tuvok zeta nine. [Kim's quarters] One possible explanation is that he's attempting to make telepathic contact. How do you propose we do that? Perhaps you are capable of doing this under normal circumstances, but these were hardly conventional dreams we experienced. I have it, Captain, at coordinates one three nine mark four two. Aye, Captain. [Sickbay] I won't dignify this inquisition with a response. (Whumph!) Shields are offline. Power's being drained from all systems. Captain. Three more alien vessels are approaching. They are powering weapons. Apparently, entering our dreams was their way to learn about us. Perhaps to probe our weaknesses. We'll have to create a diversion. Or perhaps he did wake up. It's possible he was dreaming all of this. Perhaps we're dreaming as well. Consider then, that we all experienced nightmares about an alien whose people apparently live out their lives in a dream state. Perhaps we're in that state at this very moment. When you dream, you're rarely aware that you're sleeping. It is possible. Which begs the question of what they intend to do with an unpowered ship. Captain, we must hurry. Captain! Surely there must have been a less extreme method of testing your assumptions. As Captain, you shouldn't be taking chances with your life. I suggest we find a way to regain consciousness. [Bridge] It's safe to assume that Chakotay and the Doctor are making every effort to wake us from our sleep. And if the aliens try to stop us?
Incorrect. Also incorrect. I'm afraid you both lack sufficient data to reach a logical conclusion. I see no reason to enlighten you. On the contrary. We value the wisdom that comes with advancing years. Wise enough to end this inquiry. (Beep!) Can you identify them? Raise shields. Red alert. (Janeway and Chakotay enter from the ready room.) We've detected a large group of vessels directly ahead. Possibly. I'm charging weapons.  He's charging weapons. He's broken free, Captain. (Whumph!) JANEWAY: Janeway to Paris. Stand down and return to Voyager immediately. [Alice] He's charging weapons again. Direct hit. Captain, I'm reading active weapons signatures on three of the derelict ships. They are targeting Voyager.  Haunted? Who were you speaking to? I'm detecting a vessel off our starboard bow. Opening a channel. He's responding. Direct hit. The vessel's shields are holding. If I could access their main computer and transmit a shutdown sequence. Accessing their main computer. [Alice]  I've got it, Captain. Their shields are down. Alice is losing helm control. (Alice plunges into the particle fountain and explodes.)
It is standard procedure to carry arms on an away mission, particularly when you don't know what to expect. Doctor, is there anything that might be preventing her from using the homing signal in her implant? Is she delusional? Commander, the decision is ultimately yours, of course. However, I believe it would be the Captain's desire to complete the ritual.
Unknown. Engines are operational. I believe I have an explanation. Sensors show that we've entered a layer of subspace. It's disrupting our warp field. No change in our position. We're not moving. I've localised the weapons fire. It's emanating from within the ship. Deck six, holodeck two. No one. No lifesigns. Holodeck programmes don't normally run by themselves. Who is she? I'm sure you two were very close, but she is a holodeck character. Naturally. A what? I see. How do you propose we repair him? Your knowledge of this technology is most impressive. Photonic charges. The same signatures as the weapons fire we detected. We must report this to the Captain. Excuse me? Stop. Please summarise the message. An alternate universe. To participate in a game? (The hatch opens.) I assume there's no locking mechanism on the hatch? Is he part of the programme? Ensign. Everything you see here is a simulation. None of it's real. A photonically-based projection. We are not. we are biochemical lifeforms. We are carbon based. We live aboard a starship. I believe we have become trapped in a region of space that intersects your own. This planet isn't real. As I told you, it's part of a simulation. It's a shame we don't have one. Captain, need I remind you that we have exhausted all other possibilities of escaping this layer of subspace.  The distortions are closing.
Its gravimetric readings are similar to that of a collapsed dwarf star. It also resembles a quasar, in that it has a high rate of rotation, approximately fifty eight revolutions per minute. Our warp drive is offline. Unknown. We're in synchronous orbit, fifty seven thousand kilometres above the planet's equator. I'm picking up a strong tachyon field along the hull. It could be what's holding us. Inadvisable. The Prime Directive still applies. This transmission was made with primitive radio technology. They are not a warp capable civilisation. Intruder Alert. Security team to deck one. Unknown, but our shields are down to eighty two percent. Sixty four percent. Another direct hit. Shields at forty nine percent. A logical assumption. Shields down to thirty four percent.  Shields at twenty three percent. Seventeen percent. Shields are down. Damage reports coming in. Imminent hull breeches on decks eight, nine and ten. Life support is failing. I'm picking up another launch. Two massive energy signatures. Unknown. We're in some kind of tractor beam. We've broken orbit. Captain, we'll be able to bring the warp drive back online in approximately two hours.
 According to the ambassador, Chakotay's shuttle was hit by enemy fire and crash-landed somewhere on the southernmost continent. I'm afraid so. His resources are extremely limited, and the situation on the surface is chaotic. So there is also a chance he has been captured or killed by the nemesis. It is the term Ambassador Treen's people use to identify their enemy. I must caution you both my tactical analysis does not bode well for the success of such a mission. Given the situation in the battle zone, there is a very high probability that an away team will sustain heavy casualties. On the contrary. Indeed. I have concluded that the least risky course of action is for a single crew member to make the infiltration, accompanied by a commando unit that Ambassador Treen has agreed to provide. Naturally, I am the logical person to carry out this mission. That is what they want you to believe. They have been indoctrinating you, training you to fight their war. Yes, Commander. On the contrary, they are the ones who helped us locate you. We tracked you to a Vori training camp. We infiltrated the facility, but you were gone. They had already brought you here to fight this battle. Before today, nothing you experienced here was real. It is the method the Vori use to conscript and train soldiers. I will prove it to you if you will lower your weapon. [Larhana settlement - day]  Do you recognise this place?
Mister Neelix, you are an unending source of astonishment. It would appear we have no choice but to cancel it. We built a highly experimental piece of technology. There were bound to be setbacks. Shields are holding We've lost our comm. link. It is. No effect. Hull breach on decks five through ten. We're losing life support. If we don't land the ship, we're risking structural collapse. It is. Captain, we've lost the Slipstream. [Delta Flyer]
Tuvok to Commander Chakotay. [Chakotay's quarters] TUVOK We have a security breach in the mess hall. Put down your weapon, Neelix. Let us help you. He appears to be hallucinating. There's a back entrance to the galley. If you can distract him, perhaps I It appears that the entire crew has been affected. (And the mess hall is an overflow ward.) We've analysed Voyager's sensor records. If we did participate in a war, all evidence of it has been erased. With all due respect, your judgment may be clouded by feelings of guilt about an incident that never occurred. The danger to our crew here and now is indisputable. Aye, Captain. There are none. The planet appears to be uninhabited. Negative. Nothing on geometric sensors. I suggest we proceed with caution. Stand guard. (Tuvok leaves Paris with a security guard. Janeway and Chakotay continue to track the energy source.) [Tunnel] Remain calm. Slow, deep breaths. [Cavern] I've found the remains of two humanoids, but you were not responsible for their deaths. They died over three hundred years ago. [Memorial field] But we'll prevent this from happening to other passing ships. Given the danger involved, it's only logical Are you suggesting we leave it intact?
Two Starfleet officers with juvenile imaginations. I will never understand the human need to find imagery in something as innocuous as a cloud. We've got enough deuterium to power the warp engines for another thousand light years. Is something wrong? Oh? They don't appear particularly anxious to me. It's difficult to say. The Bussard Collectors are running at maximum, but it's a slow process. We could be here for several more days. (Shudder.) Mister Neelix, are you certain it's not you who is on edge? I can assure you, a J class nebula is no cause for alarm. Perhaps the Captain might give you permission to install curtains. There is a malfunction in the subprocessors. It appears we're heading back the way we came. We've jumped to warp six. No response. Not unless the temperature reaches three hundred fifty degrees Kelvin, with a humidity factor at approximately Very well. Transporters are offline. Breathable air is being sucked out of the bridge. No effect. Calm yourself, Mister Neelix. Your restraint is commendable. An alien lifeform has seized control of Voyager's primary systems. It's flooded numerous sections with poisonous gas. Its intentions aren't clear. However, we should evacuate. The Captain has established a secure command post in Engineering. [Cargo Bay two] Rest assured, this crew is doing everything possible to regain control of the ship. I concur. If I say yes, will it prevent you from telling the story? Perhaps you should occupy your mind with pleasant thoughts before you hyperventilate. If I can access environmental controls, I may be able to vent the gas. It would take several hours to reach Engineering by an alternate route. There is no guarantee we'd find a clear path.  Concentrate on the rhythm of your breathing. Envision your lungs filled with light. Follow it back in time to a moment when you felt no fear. A moment of happiness, serenity. Describe it. [Neelix's memory - Mess hall] NEELIX Mister Neelix. Proceed without me. I am injured. Logic dictates that you take the mask and proceed to Engineering. I am giving you an order.
Need I remind you the holo-characters have weapons as well. We'd be risking armed conflict. I believe so. His program's been disengaged from the mobile emitter. [Saint Mary's]  Captain, the mobile emitter has been activated. Should I transfer him back to the holodeck? Tuvok to Janeway. The situation has escalated. [Bridge]  The townspeople have started to pile kindling at the base of three lampposts [Corridor] TUVOK
I'll look into it.
You wished to see me. Approximately twenty years. And I regard you with the same esteem. I don't know what you mean. Captain? (She activates the replicator, and turns around holding a blue-iced cake with a single lit candle.) Thank you. Indeed. Have you informed anyone else of your discovery? That is not a Vulcan custom. It was a fire hazard.(He puts the cake down.) [Bridge] We're being hailed. (A very old yet familiar woman appears on the viewscreen.) Her ship is accelerating. It's on a collision course. I've located Kes. She's moving through those sections. She's giving off high levels of neurogenic energy. She's approaching main Engineering. Captain to the bridge.  Ensign Wildman has an intriguing proposal.  The ships we detected earlier have disappeared from our sensors. The Delta Flyer. Its sensors are more advanced. Forgive me. I must have been thinking of another starship. She appeared to be half Ktarian. There's more. I followed her to Cargo Bay two, where I saw a woman and two children, all with cybernetic implants. I can't explain it, Captain. I've had hallucinations before, but only while in a state of deep meditation. These were specific and they evoked a sense of anticipation. Indeed. They don't. That's what concerns me. A logical plan. There's a ship approaching. It's on a collision course. Permission to be relieved, sir. I am not well. Her ship is accelerating. It's on a collision course. She's approaching main Engineering. It's on a collision course. JANEWAY [OC]: Forcefields.  She was here in my last premonition. She appeared older. Her face was tired. She had her hands on the casing, as if she was drawing energy from it. If that's true, then she'll need it again.  What do you remember? Captain?(Janeway turns around with the replicated cake and one lit candle.) Thank you. Indeed. Have you informed anyone else of your discovery? That is not a Vulcan custom. It was a fire hazard. [Bridge] We're being hailed. Her ship is accelerating. It's on a collision course. Shields are holding. Her ship is intact. What should we tell the others?
The shot may be difficult, Mister Neelix, but to say that it is impossible is an exaggeration. Logic would dictate that if I strike the cue ball properly, it will deflect first off the rear bumper, then the side, striking the eleven ball and causing it to roll directly into the corner pocket. Perhaps the ship's stabilisers are not operating at peak efficiency. May we show you to your quarters? [Corridor] May I ask, Doctor, why you've taken it upon yourself to examine Mister Neelix? Computer, locate Doctor Jetrel.  Please step aside, Doctor. Captain, Doctor Jetrel is proposing the reconstruction and re-animation of a remarkable complex set of biosystems from billions of subatomic particles. Aye, Captain. Emergency containment field activated. Re-targeting scanners to wide beam. Aye, Captain. (A vaguely humanoid shape begins to appear.) Affirmative. Atomic cohesion has dropped to forty nine percent, Captain. They are already at one hundred percent. Pattern buffers to one hundred and twenty percent of rated maximum. Atomic cohesion to thirty nine percent. Twenty two percent. Fourteen percent. His pattern is degrading rapidly. The degree of fragmentation is simply too great. It will not work. We are overloading the system. (The figure dissipates.)
I'm here, Captain. Yes. I understand. [Planet surface] Those were Captain Janeway's express orders. To what end? Not if, Mister Neelix. When we leave them behind. The decision has been made. We will of course, provide them with everything they'll need for their survival and comfort. I am arranging for a modular shelter to be transported to the surface. They'll have all the technology they need. Weapons, tricorders, a replicator. That is not a certainty. Captain Janeway intends to continue researching the virus. She is an able scientist, and may eventually be able to effect a cure. They have a type nine shuttlecraft at their disposal if it becomes possible for them to leave the planet. I'm not certain what it is you expect me to do, Lieutenant. You are correct that I am unable to experience that emotion. And frankly, I fail to see what the benefit would be. If there is nothing more, you are all dismissed. [Ready room] JANEWAY Yes, Captain. I will remain in orbit until I hear from you. And after that, we can still remain in communication for approximately thirty six hours. [Planet surface] Tuvok to Janeway. We're about to move out of communications range. How are you faring? Your comm. link has been put through to the entire ship. Thank you, Captain, Commander. I am sure I speak for the entire crew when I say we will always remember your grace and courage. And I would like to add, it has been an honour serving with you. Live long and prosper. Kathryn Janeway's personal log, Stardate 49690.1. Day twenty four of our stay on the planet we've named New Earth. As yet I've been unable to make any progress in finding a cure for our illness, but a soak in the tub Chakotay built always helps me focus on possible solutions. [Outside the shelter] (Evening.) Yes, Ensign? Distance? Lieutenant, alter course to a different heading. I don't want to risk their detecting us. Yes? You're aware that Captain Janeway specifically told us not to risk contacting the Vidiians. That bit of sophistry is not terribly persuasive, Ensign. The matter is closed, Ensign. Return to your station. Ensign Kim. Ensign, you are relieved of duty. Leave the Bridge at once or I will have you put in the brig. Proceed on the altered course, Lieutenant. [Mess hall]  Come in. It's zero one hundred hours, Ensign. Don't you have the early shift this morning? Very well. Apology accepted. I understand that this is a difficult situation for you. Those are, as you say, points in our favour. But there is also the fact that we were recently responsible for the destruction of a Vidiian ship, an act which killed over three hundred of their people. That alone makes it unwise for us to contact them. The people you talk to do not have the responsibility of commanding this vessel. I do. The safety of this crew is paramount, and I must do whatever I can to ensure that safety. Ensign, I'm going to say this once and once only. If you ever question my orders again, you will be relieved of duty permanently. The next words I expect to hear from you are yes sir.  Come in. Of course. Please sit down. Your father? Then we owe him a debt. It is difficult to imagine this journey without you. I am honoured by the comparison. Of course. I cannot allow myself to become hostage to their feelings. If you are suggesting that I am not sensitive to the situation, nothing could be further from the truth. I have lost a valued friend. I am not immune to the effects of that loss.  None of you can appreciate what it means to be in command of a ship until that responsibility rests squarely on your shoulders, as it does on mine. It has been suggested that I take an action which would require me to disobey an order, and knowingly put this crew into a life threatening situation. In general, I believe it demonstrates faulty leadership to be guided by the emotions of a distraught crew. However, as Captain, I must not ignore the sensibilities of those I command. We will contact the Vidiians. This is my decision and mine alone. You are all absolved of responsibility in the matter. I will accept any consequences which may ensue. Lieutenant, set a course for the Vidiian convoy. Mister Kim, let me know when we're within hailing range. [Shelter] (Janeway and Chakotay hide underneath the table as the storm rages around the area and knocks things to the floor, including her science equipment.) On screen. Dr. Pel. I didn't expect to see you this quickly. They were infected by a virus after being bitten by insects on a planet approximately seventy light years from here, in a system with a yellow dwarf star. Yes. Can we get some from you? Thank you, Doctor. We appreciate your help. Estimated time to the coordinates? Until then, I want a series of battle drills. We must be ready for whatever comes. [Outside the shelter] (Tidying up.) Hail them. Red alert. [Shelter] (Janeway comes out of her bedroom.) Rearm the forward phaser array and fire at will. Load aft torpedo bays. Fire number one. Report. Fire number two. Tuvok to Engineering. [Engineering] Listen carefully. [Sickbay] (We have wounded.)  This is Tuvok. We're rather busy here, Doctor. [Sickbay] Keep this comm. line open, Doctor. When you hear me order the shields down, you must complete a site-to-site transport yourself. We will be busy with the Vidiians. Bridge to Engineering. [Engineering] TUVOK  Stand by for my command. Here is the sequence of events. We will drop shields to transport the medicine. At the same moment, the antimatter container will be ejected. As soon as it's clear, Mister Kim will detonate it with a photon torpedo. Simultaneously, Mister Paris will jump to full impulse so that we will not take the brunt of the explosion. Is everyone clear on this? Timing is of the utmost importance. We won't get a second chance.  Doctor? [Sickbay]  Stand ready then. Lower shields. [Sickbay]  Mister Kim, Mister Paris, go. Report. Set a course for the planet where we left the Captain and Commander Chakotay. Warp six. Do you read me? Repeat. To Captain Janeway, do you read me? This is Tuvok calling Captain Janeway and Commander Chakotay. Please respond. Captain, it's good to hear your voice. We have news. We have medicine which we believe will effectively treat your condition. We plan to be in orbit within thirty hours. [Outside the shelter] (The tomatoes are suddenly nearly full grown. Janeway and Chakotay are back in uniform and not looking too happy. All the equipment is packed up.)  Welcome back, Captain, Commander. I disobeyed your order, Captain. I am prepared to accept the consequences.
(Vulcan) Shields at sixty percent. Shields at fifty percent. Considering the circumstances, I question that proposal at this time. Phasers offline. Acknowledged. Firing photons. (Two torpedoes explode against the Cardassian ship.) One. Co-ordinates one seven one, mark four three. Plasma storm density increasing by fourteen percent. Twenty. Twenty five. The Cardassian ship is not reducing power. They're following us in. They've taken a hit on their port blade. They're sending out a distress signal on all Cardassian frequencies. The storm's activity is typically widespread in this vicinity. I can plot a course, but I'm afraid it will require an indirect route. Curious. We've just passed through some kind of coherent tetryon beam. Unknown. Now there appears to be a massive displacement wave moving toward us. It's not a plasma phenomenon. At current speeds, it will intercept us in less than thirty seconds. Still exceeding our speed. Wave is continuing to accelerate. It will intercept us in eight seconds. Five. (Everything goes white.)  [Federation Penal Settlement, New Zealand] (Inmates are busy constructing something. They all wear ankle-tags. One young man is up a piece of scaffolding using a laser-like device.) I must inform you that I was assigned to infiltrate your crew, sir. I am Captain Janeway's Chief of Security. My mission was to accumulate information on Maquis activities, and then deliver you into their waiting hands. That is correct. Based on my initial reconnaissance, Captain, I am convinced we are dealing with a single entity in the array. I would suggest he scanned our computers in order to select a comfortable holographic environment. In effect, a waiting room to pacify us prior to biometric assessment. It is the most logical explanation. Why else would he have released us unharmed? There are no humanoid lifeforms indicated, Captain. Kim and Torres are not within tricorder range. They may not be on the array. Captain, I've observed something peculiar about the pulses. They're getting faster. The interval between each pulse has decreased by point four seven seconds since we arrived. I can offer no explanation. That would mean the planet is incapable of producing rain. Captain, you require sleep. I did not have the opportunity to meet Mister Kim. The crew will not benefit from the leadership of an exhausted captain. I am gratified that you came after me so I can offer it once again. Are they well? That would not be an accurate perception, Captain. Vulcans do not worry. As I do them.  Energise. (Neelix checks that he is in one piece.) The Federation is made up of many cultures. I am Vulcan. I assure you that everything in this room has a specific function. However, it would take several hours to explain it all. I suggest we proceed to your quarters. Perhaps you would care for a bath. Sir. I'd never have guessed. I am pleased you are enjoying yourself, but we are in orbit of the fifth planet. We need your assistance. Do you believe our people might be at this location? Yes. No, it most certainly will not.  [Kazon settlement] (Parched red clay, cracked under the red sky. Janeway, Paris, Chakotay, Tuvok and Neelix beam down. People run to a building nearby.) If you had told us what you had planned, we might have anticipated your irrational behaviour. Captain, our sensors did not pick up any indication of an underground civilisation. The subterranean barrier Jabin described may be responsible. It might also block our transporter. Captain, the pulses from the array continue to accelerate. The intervals between them have decreased another point eight seconds. He would seal them if he no longer intended to use them, to protect the Ocampa from their enemies. Captain, there is now enough evidence to form a reasonable hypothesis. I believe that the Caretaker is dying. First, he increases the energy supply to provide the city with a surplus to last at least five years. Then he seals the conduits. The logical conclusion is that he does not intend to continue his role as Caretaker. Doubtful. Not after a millennium of providing for these people. I believe that the Caretaker owes something to the Ocampa. I believe the debt that can never repaid is very likely a debt to them. In addition, there were his frequent references to running out of time. I think he knew his death was imminent. Powering up phase banks and photon systems. The lead Kazon ship is hailing us, Captain. They're powering up their weapons. Shields are holding. The data processing system is behind this wall, Captain. (A plaintive banjo starts up.)  Captain, I can access the system to send us back to Federation space, but it will take several hours to activate. The Caretaker? Shall I activate the programme to get us back? Captain, any action we take to protect the Ocampa would affect the balance of power in this system. The Prime Directive would seem to apply. Aye, Captain. The tricobalt devices are ready. They are withdrawing, Captain. [Ready room] (A picture of Janeway, Mark and Molly on her desk monitor. Doorbell.)
The holiday of Kal Rekk is not for two weeks. There is no Kal Rekk season. Kal Rekk is a day of atonement, solitude and silence. Why would you need to do research on Vulcan holidays? Morale is irrelevant to a Vulcan. Then you will not rest. The Rumarie is an ancient pagan festival. That has not been observed for a millennium. Acknowledged.  Is there a problem, Lieutenant? (Torres indicates an open conduit. Inside are human remains.) [Sickbay] It appeared that Mister Darwin entered the conduit to repair a faulty circuit when the accident occurred. Perhaps he fell and hit his head in the conduit.  At first glance there is no obvious motive. Crewman Darwin didn't have any known enemies on board. I don't recall observing anything unusual about Mister Suder's behaviour while I was on your ship. I find it curious that none of this was included in your initial crew evaluation, Commander. Considering the fact that your Maquis crew included malcontents, outlaws and mercenaries, I believe it would have been appropriate. Sit down. You were alone in Engineering when Crewman Darwin reported for duty last night. Did you speak to him? And what was that? I have accused no one at this time. Did you kill Crewman Darwin? I will be speaking to everyone in Engineering, perhaps everyone on this ship, not just former members of the Maquis. I assure you, I have no feelings about the Maquis. As hard as it may be for you to understand, that did not require any feelings on my part. The Doctor places the time of death at twenty two fourteen. Do you remember what you were doing then? Would you be surprised to know that your console was logged off at twenty two oh nine? Do you have a criminal record, Mister Suder? Why would you have any reason to lie? Do you have a criminal record? How would you describe your relationship with Crewman Darwin? No disagreements? No fights? No reason to kill him? You are dismissed, Crewman. I may have more questions for you later. (Suder leaves.) Go ahead, Doctor. Yes. They were retrieved from inside the head wound by nanites that I designed to recognise unusual DNA patterns. This DNA was isolated because it didn't belong to the victim. Have you matched it to a member of the crew? (The EMH hands over a PADD.) Are you certain? I must advise you that under Starfleet Directive one zero one you do not have to answer any questions. Crewman, I suggest you speak to counsel. Why did you kill him, Mister Suder? That is not a satisfactory answer. You must have had some motive. No. And no established motive. Crime must have a logical purpose. Doctor, is it possible that Mister Suder is psychotic? Why didn't you report this immediately after your examination, Doctor? In fact I do. Nevertheless, my job is not finished until I determine a motive. One may not recognise the motivation, but there is always motivation. Do you believe that a look by Mister Darwin could provoke such a violent reaction? I do not accept that explanation. [Brig] You didn't like the way he looked at you. Just how did he look at you? So this murder could in fact be explained as an outburst of rage against Starfleet. I want the truth. Yes? In my case, you have a motive. My previous mission as a spy, my role as your accuser. But to my knowledge, Crewman Darwin had done nothing to you. Then why chose him as a victim? Do you feel remorse? I'll have to discuss that with the Captain. It is important that I understand why you killed Mister Darwin. You can. And indirectly I may be able to help you as well. Do you know what a mind meld is? We would be telepathically linked, exchanging our thoughts. In essence, becoming one mind. It is not without risk, but as a Vulcan I have internal processes that allow me to control violent instincts. I believe I will be able to suppress whatever feelings I draw from you. It is likely that you will gain, at least for a time, some of my self discipline to better control your violent nature. Release the forcefield. (Ayala draws his phaser then releases the cell forcefield. Tuvok enters.) My mind to your mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. [Holodeck - Sandrine's]  So it ultimately turned out to be a worthwhile and enlightening experience. It is difficult for me to accept, Captain, but Mister Suder was telling the truth as he knew it. He is a man with an incredibly violent nature living in an environment without any outlet to express it. I am surprised he was able to maintain his self control for as long as he did. If we were home, he'd be sent to prison. Nor would it be appropriate to leave him in the custody of someone in this quadrant. Captain, he is prepared to die for his crime. I only mention it because of the extenuating circumstances, and because he feels it would be an appropriate punishment. Pardon me, Captain, but allowing him the comfort of his own quarters doesn't seem an appropriate punishment for murder. Crewman Darwin's three sisters might not agree. Quite calm and controlled. Clearly the meld initiated some high cortical activity in his brain. I will admit that I am more disconcerted than I anticipated. Thank you, but I am already taking steps to purge these residual feelings. I don't believe time off will be necessary. I will of course advise you of any further complications.  I would prefer to be alone. I really want you to leave. Please, go away. What must I do to convince you to stop. Computer, end holodeck programme. [Holodeck - Sandrine's] How are you feeling? Don't be misled. Your violent instincts still exist. You are simply suppressing them as Vulcans do. Understand that this will not be a permanent change unless you commit to a strict daily regime of meditation and mental exercise. I also believe that a series of holodeck programmes designed to allow your violent tendencies to be released in a safe environment may help to purge your aggressive impulses. Has anyone ever suggested targeted neurosynaptic therapy? Our Doctor is programmed with the medical knowledge of every Federation world. Perhaps he'll know of some treatment you haven't tried. Difficult? I have studied violence for over a hundred years. Attractive? On the contrary. I find it disturbing. Again? That would not be advisable. I don't understand why you  Computer, place level one security seals on this room. Delete security clearance Tuvok one four nine four lambda. Please inform the Captain that I am no longer fit for duty. I would advise you not to enter, Captain. Please, do not come any closer. I said, don't come any closer. It would be safer for the crew if I were to remain in these quarters. I remind you, I am trained in the martial arts of many Alpha quadrant cultures. Sitting here, attempting to meditate, I have counted the number of ways I know of killing someone using just a finger, a hand, a foot. I had reached ninety four when you entered. Again, for safety reasons, I recommend you sedate me before you initiate transport. [Sickbay] (Tuvok is lying on the biobed in the surgical bay, sedated and with cortical blinkies on his temples.) Something has changed. I feel. (laughs) Of course I know where I am, Captain. I'm just not sure I know who I am. Oh, it must be working, because I feel very strong. Very powerful. Quite euphoric. This must be how my ancestors felt. Doctor, would you consider allowing me to remain this way for a while? It would be a valuable opportunity for me to study primal Vulcan behaviour. You are not invulnerable, hologram. A few well chosen commands to the computer and you will cease to exist. (Tuvok throws a wheelchair at the forcefield.) You look shocked, Captain. You must be asking yourself, what if this doesn't work? What do we do then? I have an idea. I'll just stay in my quarters for the rest of the trip. I'll just relax and read, eat the ship's food, use the ship's energy, all in the comforts of my own room. Why, even Mister Suder and I could get together for a few hands of Cardassian pinochle once or twice a week. That is how we treat violent offenders on this ship, isn't it? I could be. Just like Suder. You know, Captain, I don't mind telling you something the other Tuvok never would. You are wrong. Sparing Suder's life is a sign of weakness. You disgust me. All you humans do. Admit it! Part of you feels as I do. Part of you wants him to die for what he did. Liar! He has killed and you know he deserves to die! On behalf of the victim's family, Captain, I beg you to reconsider. Give them the satisfaction of his execution. I have a radical suggestion, Captain. Release the forcefield and I'll kill him for you. Release the forcefield. (to Kes) My student, my protégée. there is so much for each of us to learn today, isn't there. Listen to what I tell you. Release the forcefield. Release the forcefield! (Tuvok tries to push his hand through the forcefield.) There were some complications from the meld. I've been undergoing neurosynaptic therapy in Sickbay. No. To execute you for your crime. I will take no comfort in this. It needs to be done. To serve justice. I seek no return! My mind to your mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. My mind to your mind, my thoughts to your thoughts. (They sink to their knees, and finally Tuvok releases him before collapsing. Suder rolls him over and uses his comm. badge.) Captain, I must apologise for my inappropriate behaviour. I was most insulting to you. I hope you understand that I have always had the greatest respect for you as a Captain, and consider you a friend.
Apparently, they do. We are being hailed. Tuvok to Janeway. We have a security problem on deck two. Much greater. I recommend we refuse all further requests for transport from the surface. And we should evacuate these visitors immediately. They're interfering with normal ship's functions.
Yes. And you? Noss. (He holds out his hand and helps her to her feet.)TUVOK: We'll go to my vessel. I see you've already been there. [Shuttle] Her name is Noss. She was attacked by two humanoid males. They were attempting to rob her. She requires medical attention. Food. What's the status of the shuttle? Communications appear to be functional. Fascinating. No doubt Voyager has begun a rescue effort. The Doctor? Make it your top priority. Thirteen humanoids approaching. The same species that attacked her. Gather as many supplies as you can carry. We're leaving. Noss appears to have survived here for some time. It's logical to assume she has access to a more secure shelter. Minimal power and life support, but the ship is protected by a forcefield. I'm detecting engine debris two kilometres away. It is of the same configuration as this vessel. Progress? (Referring to the mobile emitter.) An accurate assumption. Our resources are severely limited. We may need your mobile emitter as a source of power. Until we're rescued, or you are needed for an emergency, I must insist that you remain offline. Impressive. (Later, whilst preparing dinner.)TUVOK: Voyager has fifteen decks, a crew of one hundred fifty two, warp and impulse engines. Someday, perhaps. I am the Chief Tactical Officer. Can you be more specific? Why is any of that relevant? I will assist you. She has been alone for many years. She appreciates our company. What are you implying? Need I remind you that I am married. Excuse me. [Planet surface] I'm recalibrating the distress beacon. I have no feelings for you to hurt. There is still a possibility that Voyager will rescue us. You may see Lieutenant Torres again. Is there a point to your pessimism? Your attempt to play matchmaker is misguided. I am not experiencing Pon farr. I respect her ability to survive. What way is that? I'm sorry I was born Vulcan. How long was I unconscious? Mister Paris? Don't. I told you, I don't experience emotion. I have developed an appreciation and respect for you. Nothing more. I am sorry. I cannot return your affection. A minor distinction. Your emotions will only exacerbate the situation. Insulting me will not help. I am meditating, Mister Paris. I trust there is an urgent reason for your lack of courtesy. Our conversation was private. She is under the influence of unfettered emotions. There is no easy way to recover from infatuation. More than you might imagine. I have no intention of continuing this conversation any further. When I was a young man, I experienced an emotional attraction toward a woman. It nearly destroyed me. No. Her name was Jara, a Terrelian female. I would have violated every tenet of Vulcan philosophy simply to be near her. I lost all sense of who I was. The emotional attraction I felt for her became a kind of insanity. For you, perhaps. But I am Vulcan. My natural emotions are erratic, volatile. If I don't control them, they will control me. I chose to leave her. I spent several months in isolation, studying with a Vulcan Master. I learned to suppress my emotions. Gravimetric distortions. Unknown. [Bridge] The distress beacon. We're receiving a transmission. According to that formula, thirty minutes would translate to two days, eleven hours and forty seven seconds. The forcefield is holding. Where are you going? I will accompany you. You can't go alone. I'll find her. (Two aliens break down the forcefield and attack Noss.) [Bridge] I could not leave you behind. [Bridge] A friend. Commander Tuvok, personal log, stardate 52438.9. We are en route to Noss' homeworld. As I prepare to say goodbye, I find myself experiencing a certain discomfort. [Corridor] Problems? Were it not for the time differential, I'm sure she would have experienced a deep sense of loss. There is no need to insult me, Mister Paris. [Transporter room] For what? As do I. (Tuvok mind-melds with Noss. After a moment, she smiles.) Live long and prosper, Noss.
Monotanium hull plating, dicyclic warp signature. The vessel is definitely Hirogen. No response. Curious. They are not charging weapons. Only one, and it's erratic. Commander. Perhaps this is their method of denaturating their prey. The is the Hirogen vessel's flightpath over the past five years. This ship alone has visited over ninety star systems in the last year. There is no evidence of a home planet. Their ships travel alone or in small groups. On occasion, several will join forces in a multi-pronged attack. Still unconscious, behind a level five forcefield The one in Sickbay may have sent a distress call from his vessel. There's been a hull rupture on deck eleven, section three. Damage is minor. It appears a plasma conduit overloaded. A bulkhead has collapsed in Jefferies tube eighty four. Indeed. It's a dense mixture of DNA and polyfluidic compounds. Tuvok to bridge. We may have an intruder aboard. [Bridge] TUVOK Tuvok here. Understood. Tuvok to Janeway.  We're holding position in section ninety four, but the creature has accessed the environmental controls. Deck eleven is losing life support. Artificial gravity has also been compromised. (Tuvok floats upwards.) Aye, Captain.  As are we. Understood. Activate the nanoprobe charges. Tuvok here. On our way. (8472 is floating in the middle of the corridor.)CHAKOTAY: It's hurt.  Mister Neelix, I must ask you to exchange your spatula for a phaser rifle. We have two intruders on board and six Hirogen vessels on the way. I need additional security personnel. Join the security detail on deck ten, section twelve. You'll receive further instructions then. I'll expect tactical updates every twenty minutes. (Tuvok gets a flash of 8472.) You have your orders. [Deck 11] The creature initiated telepathic contact with me. It's ship was damaged during the conflict with the Borg. When the other members of its species retreated into fluidic space, it was left behind. It has been trapped in the Delta Quadrant ever since. Alone, pursued by Hirogen hunting parties. It has no desire for further conflict. It only wants to return to its domain. It is dying, Captain. It does. It has lost consciousness. Our telepathic link has been severed. [Sickbay] You intend to ask her to open a rift into 8472's realm. Given her feelings towards the species, she may not want to cooperate. Our weapons are having little effect on their hull plating. I'm scanning for weaknesses in the molecular structure. They are hailing us. All vessels are firing. Not yet. [Deck 11] Forcefields on all decks are offline. All six vessels are moving away at high warp.
On the contrary. The man was ignorant of how your species procreates. His attempt to disparage you ultimately humiliated him. Irony is often a source of humour. I also have some humorous anecdotes to share. Forgive me, but I'm, I'm afraid of injections. Is there some other method of administering the medication? Very well. (Tuvok has a flashback to a previous injection against his will, when he was in Starfleet uniform.) What is that medication? What are you doing? Release her immediately. Captain! No, no! (Tuvok is injected, just as he remembered in the inoculation queue.) [Power Distribution Plant] (Tuvok approaches Janeway.)  Excuse me. I believe we know each other. Before that. Before we were working here. Still, I believe I know you. From the hospital, perhaps? I am not certain. We were patients. Please, try to remember. It may be important. She's right. It's, er, it's, er, a misunderstanding. No, no, I'm fine. Fine. Er, I'll go back to my station. Sorry to have bothered you. (Tuvok leaves.) Seven of Nine. Seven of Nine. It's your designation. I don't believe you are who you think you are. (Security drag him away. Janeway goes to Seven.) We don't belong here. We don't belong here! This isn't right! We don't belong here! (Next day -)  No. No. Get away from me. (They finally manage to inject him.) [Bar] (Paris is behind the counter.) Please. Help me.
They are indications that a colony once existed on the planet's  surface. However, it appears to be long abandoned.  I cannot.  For both of those reasons there is little help that I can offer.  It is inappropriate for me to involve myself in Ensign Vorik's personal  situation.  That is a very human judgement, Doctor.  There is nothing logical about the Pon farr. It is a time when  instinct and emotion dominate over reason. It cannot be analysed by the  rational mind, nor cured by conventional medicine. Anyone who has  experienced it understands that it must simply be followed to its  natural resolution.  There are three options that I am aware of. Taking a mate, which  Ensign Vorik has already attempted. The ritual combat which does not  apply to his situation.  An ancient tradition of fighting for one's mate which as I have  said, is not relevant here. The third alternative is the intensive  meditation he has chosen to try.  I believe that any interference would be unwelcome and  counterproductive. You must allow him to face this challenge privately.  If he possesses enough discipline to reach a point of psychological  resolution, then his chemical imbalance should correct itself.  Captain, I'd like to request a short delay. I may have an  explanation for Lieutenant Torres's behaviour. [Vorik's  quarters] (Vorik  is trying very hard to meditate when the doorbell chimes.)  No, I must apologise for the intrusion, particularly at this  time.  Yes. I regret that I must ask you some uncomfortable questions  regarding Lieutenant Torres.  It is important for me to know specifically what happened  between the two of you. Was there any physical contact?  Please describe your actions.  I believe you were initiating a telepathic mating bond.  Apparently you've succeeded. Lieutenant Torres has been  displaying unusual behaviour, very much like the early stages of Pon  farr.  There have been instances of Vulcans mating with members of  other races.  Even a brief moment of bonding may have been enough to disrupt  her self-control, as the Pon farr does in us. In a half-Klingon, the  effects may be even more extreme.  You cannot. Lieutenant Torres is out of contact on the planet.  It is a far more sensible strategy to get her safely back to  Voyager, and then decide on the proper resolution.  Lieutenant Torres has never been a great follower of logic.  It might be wise to continue your meditative efforts.  It is difficult to estimate how soon her condition will become  life threatening.  Yes.  You only need to be concerned with Lieutenant Torres' situation.    How are you feeling, Lieutenant?  Yes, Lieutenant, you've succeeded in your mission. Now you must  tend to yourself. You're experiencing a condition known as Pon farr.  Your emotional balance has been disrupted. You may not be in  control of your more aggressive instincts.  Please, come back with us to the ship.  She is suffering from a chemical imbalance, which is affecting  her behaviour.  No. However, she does need our assistance.  Yes. It was necessary to replace the elbow joint after I was  injured in a combat simulation.  Your people have clearly made every effort to avoid detection by  outsiders. Is it so difficult to believe that those measures were  effective in our case?  What happened?  It may not be soon enough. I am concerned about the rapid  progression of her symptoms. You must help her now, Mister Paris. If  she does not resolve the Pon farr, she will die.  (Chakotay and Tuvok leave them alone.)  Ensign.  The ritual challenge. He intends to fight to win his mate.  She has the right to choose her own defender, even herself.  They are following their instincts, and I suggest we allow them  to do so.  It is logical. Both must resolve their Pon farr before it kills  them. We cannot wait to hear from Voyager.  The risk of injury seems preferable to the certainty of dying  from a chemical imbalance. Commander, I see no alternative but to  follow Vulcan tradition.  Begin.  (They are evenly matched. Torres avoids a neck pinch and they struggle  for a large branch she picks up. They end up rolling around on the  ground, trading punches, until Vorik cannot get up, and Torres is  completely disoriented. She falls into Paris' arms.)  The blood fever has been purged. They will both recover. Captain's  log, stardate 50541.6. We're following through with Chakotay's offer to  help the Sakari improve their camouflage and they've agreed to supply  us with a generous quantity of gallicite. [Turbolift] (Torres  is already in the turbolift when the doors open for Paris.) 
They're emanating from subspace. Commander? The eye of the storm. Computer, run a multispectral analysis of the anomaly's core. It would be short-sighted to destroy it. We should study the phenomenon. I am a Starfleet officer. We can't predict what we might find here, Seven. One must allow for the unexpected discovery. Fascinating. Titanium and polymer composites. These materials date back to the twenty first century. They were used in the construction of Earth's early spacecraft. These alloys are consistent with the hull of that capsule. An unexpected discovery indeed. [Briefing room] Mankind's first encounter with a spatial anomaly. By my calculations, we have less than sixteen hours before the anomaly goes back into subspace.  We're within two thousand kilometres. Gravimetric interference is increasing. That was a gravimetric surge caused by the anomaly changing course by point zero zero six degrees. Four minutes. Captain, we can't predict how the impact will affect the anomaly.  Captain, both the anomaly and the asteroid are accelerating. Gravimetric distortions are increasing.  It may be possible to modify a tractor beam to cut through the gravimetric interference. Four minutes. [Delta Flyer - cockpit]  The ellipse is returning to subspace. Not yet. They're still out of reach. Another three hundred metres. I've got a lock. All hands, attention. Honour guard. (The guard step forward at the bosun's whistle. Moments later, the torpedo casing is fired into space.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Mezoti, you are not authorised to be in here. Considering this is your first offence, a warning will suffice. You left the children unsupervised. When the captain asked you to take charge of these children, you assured her that you could maintain order. Meditation helps Vulcan children to control their emotions. You might consider (Mezoti is using the console again.) Alien vessel, this is the starship Voyager. Respond. This is Lieutenant Commander Tuvok. I've run preliminary scans on the Kobali shuttle. I believe I can adapt our systems to counter a possible attack. It was illogical for you to return. We're being hailed. Ensign. I'll escort you to the transporter room. Shields at twenty percent. Shields at thirteen percent.
Captain! Your abilities allow you to transfer knowledge from your own mind to another's? Intriguing. You do possess the ability to share your experiences without mutual consent. His explanation is plausible. And yet you fully intend to continue investigating. I share your concern, Captain. We haven't ruled out the possibility that this may be a deliberate act. You should know, Lieutenant, that I spoke with Jora Mirell yesterday. I asked her specifically about the memories you had experienced. She claimed not to know anything about them.
 Captain, we're picking up a locator signal from the shuttle. Their last velocity vector indicates a steep descent. We've lost contact. They do not respond, Captain. Their vessel has taken up a position directly beneath us. They would seem to have adopted a defensive posture, Captain. I have anticipated your request, Captain. Am I correct in the assumption that you will want to use minimal force? I cannot guarantee success. My evaluation of their weapon systems suggest a capacity equal to our own. However I have. In my analysis of our first encounter, I have detected what I believe to be a vulnerability in their shield configuration. There appears to be a slight phase retraction when auxiliary power is transferred to their aft weapons systems. That was my ingenious plan, Commander. You are correct. So far I'm not detecting the same vulnerability in their shields this time, Captain. We may have to resort to additional force. Stand by, Captain. I'm detecting an opening. (The aliens fire again. Voyager replies with one shot.) Direct hit to their aft control systems. Their weapons are disabled. Captain, the alien vessel is in pursuit. Negative. They are still disabled. Alien vessel closing to one thousand kilometres. Five hundred. Three hundred. It has passed us and is proceeding toward the surface.
I've erected a level ten containment field around the bridge, Captain. Deck two sealed. Security team to the mess hall. [Mess hall] Spatial fluctuations. There. Is he dying? An apple. I was referring to a bio-cylinder. But the fruit will suffice. Fascinating. This alien device is apparently pushing the apple slightly out of phase with our space-time continuum. More advanced than any cloak I have ever seen. [Bridge]  Tuvok to Bridge. Captain Janeway, respond. My tricorder's not working. There appears to be a dampening field Go! That's an order, Lieutenant. (Paris goes into the Jefferies tube, and Tuvok slumps against the access panel.) [Bridge]
I have completed another full sensor sweep, including multispectral subsurface scan. I still can not locate their life signs or their comm. badges. Captain, two Akritirian ships are approaching at bearing two seven one, mark six four. Captain, their ships are powering weapons. Captain, should I return fire? We have no information as to their whereabouts. And if we return to Akritirian space, we are sure to encounter further hostilities. I'm only reading two life signs aboard. We have confirmed that explosives were indeed produced aboard their ship. Aye, Captain. What should we do with the prisoners? Crewman Foster, take the prisoner to Commander Chakotay. He will upload the coordinates and codes. (Ms Foster takes Vel onto the bridge.) May I ask how you propose to get past the Akritirian patrols? No doubt they will attack as soon as Voyager crosses the border. Captain? Yes. However, Mister Neelix's vessel has extremely limited combat capabilities. Hands on your heads. Go ahead. We are moving as quickly as we can, Mister Neelix. [Akritirian prison] Go. [Neelix's ship] PATROL
Captain. I am pleased you're here. I didn't think I would see you again. I want you to know it has been an honour to serve with you, and to be your friend. Live long and prosper. (Tuvok dies) [Turbolift]
Unknown, but the corridor is filled with it. Metal fragments, plasma exhaust, organic residue. It was a vessel, sir. They are hailing us. They are targeting our shields with a resonance pulse. It's altering the harmonics. We're being pushed out of the corridor. The vessel has exited the corridor as well. Their vessel is highly manoeuvrable. It's difficult to get a phaser lock. Shields down to eighty two percent. Sixty percent. Shields at fifty three percent. In pursuit and charging weapons. Direct hit to our aft shields. Their shields are weakening. They're breaking off. Agreed. Gamma radiation levels are highly toxic. The impact crater suggests an orbital bombardment. Our friends are still in orbit. Most of the power relays are still active. We don't know anything about this species. They could be hostile. That was two thousand metres to starboard. Nine hundred metres. Direct hit. Aft shields down to eighteen percent. It's there. Intact and functional. Direct hit. The lead ship has lost shields. Its propulsion is down.  Voyager was pulled into the corridor two hundred light years from here. We've only been able to chart a few of the corridors. Can you provide us with a more complete map?  Sixteen Turei vessels are now in orbit. Long range sensors indicate five more on the way. Then I suggest we use the element of surprise. At oh six hundred, Voyager will leave the surface and engage the Turei ships in orbit. As we draw their fire, the more powerful Vaadwaur vessels will attack from multiple vectors. The rest of the Vaadwaur will break orbit from the opposite side of the planet and proceed to the subspace corridors. We'll rendezvous with them afterwards. Shields at maximum. Weapons standing by. It's the Vaadwaur. They're launching the first wave of ships. Seventeen vessels have broken through the surface. They're at an altitude of two thousand metres and charging weapons. Vaadwaur ships approaching off our starboard bow. Shields at ninety two percent. We've disabled four of their ships. Targeting sensors offline. Switching to manual. Aft shields down to twenty percent. The chamber is destabilising. We must evacuate.
Tuvok to Janeway. Captain, I would like a half an hour of your time to review the security protocols before we encounter the Botha. We're being hailed again, Captain. Captain! Captain! Listen to me! You are in Sickbay. You are all right. Captain! (Later, Janeway is briefing Chakotay.) I am picking up a ship on long range sensors, Commander. It is a design we have not encountered before. They are hailing, Commander. I terminate the transmission, Commander, and made it look like an accidental interruption. I am concerned about some anomalous sensor readings. The Bothan ship is powering up weapons. Shields at eighty seven percent. Minor damage on decks four and twelve. Powering up lateral phaser arrays. Shields down to eighty three percent. A direct hit. However, their shields were not penetrated. [Sickbay] We have hit their weapons array, but not severely enough to disable it. That last volley took our shields down to twenty one percent. The lead ship is hailing us, Commander. I do not understand how this can be. No. You are not my wife.
I believe I may have found something else to pique Mister Paris's interest, Captain. It's an unidentified ship on long range sensors. Sensor readings are very limited, but the vessel appears to be stopped directly in our current flightpath. We are entering visual range. Curious. None of the Borg systems appears to be operational. That would not be consistent with typical Borg tactics. Perhaps. However, we should avoid complacency. The Borg are known to retrieve their damaged technology. It is quite possible we will encounter additional Borg vessels which are fully manned and powered. Captain? Allowing yourself to become apprehensive can only be counterproductive, Lieutenant. Lieutenant.  As far as we can tell, all activity on the Borg ship ceased abruptly five years ago. We located a breached section of the vessel where the spatial vacuum preserved several of the bodies perfectly. It is possible that the deactivation of the ship and it's systems severed the link with the rest of the Collective.  According to the buoy, Commander Chakotay and Ensign Kaplan landed on the surface in response to a distress call three days ago. There's no sign of it anywhere on the planet.  Captain, Commander Chakotay's shuttle has changed course. They are increasing speed to maximum impulse. Check this area out. This way. Commander, take your hand away from that console or I will be forced to fire. Mister Kim. Apparently, once they repaired the communications array, they were able to magnify the signal from their neurotransponder.
Commander. Another time, perhaps. We have work to do. A date? We agreed to limit our investigation to surveillance. For what purpose? We're due back at the transporter coordinates. [Starfleet Headquarters - gardens] Why? When he regains consciousness, he'll no doubt want to report this incident. Earth. [Sickbay] (Gentry wakes on the biobed in the surgical alcove.) It's safe to assume this individual is not Boothby. The habitat's population consists of humans, Vulcans, Bolian, Ferengi. All Alpha Quadrant species. The habitat's heavily fortified. They are well prepared to defend against an attack. A logical assumption. They did threaten to purge our galaxy of all life. Captain to the Bridge. [Bridge]  The away team is hailing us.  We are approaching the habitat. I have a visual. We're being scanned. We're entering weapons range. Thirty eight hundred kilometres. Thirty five hundred. Thirty two hundred. [Quantum Cafe] We're being hailed. Your metaphor is colourful, but inaccurate. If that's true, why are you still in our galaxy? Your conflict with the Borg ended over a year ago. Yes.
Thirty seconds We've cleared the leading edge. Turbulence is decreasing. Shields are holding. I am experiencing a slight loss of equilibrium and some gastrointestinal distress. Unlikely. I am not prone to that condition. I'll be fine. I have no opinion. Nor do I intend to. I get the idea, Ensign. Thank you. If you'll excuse me, I think I will consult the Doctor. [Holodeck - Fair Haven Street] (Janeway has donned period dress, and the bun of steel as a suitable hairstyle instead of her short hair. That could explain my recent space sickness. Vulcan physiology is highly sensitive to neutronic gradients. Holding. Shields are failing. It's possible, but we'd have to route all available power to the emitters. Negative. Deflector beam active. Deflector output is dropping.
You have confirmed the genetic structure? That is an honour you should reserve for yourself, Mister Suder. You gave this species life. The meld may have introduced you to my interest in floriculture, but you have embraced it entirely on your own, and discovered a unique talent within yourself in the process. Very well. I accept. What contribution do you feel you could make from your quarters? Your attitude is admirable. I will discuss it with the Captain. We'll see. Now, shall we begin? Notice your mind working, how it plans for the future, visits the past. Notice those thoughts and set them aside. Turn your attention to the white light that is your breath. [Bridge] I recommend a full diagnostic of our tactical array prior to the start of the mission, Captain. But can they? If the Kazon scan the holograms, they will immediately realise there are no life signs on board, no power signatures. Aye, Captain. [Sickbay] Computer, display tactical overview of our current course. A small raider, Captain. It does not pose a significant threat. Nevertheless, it is powering up its weapon systems. The raider is breaking off its attack. Captain. The Captain's time is limited, Mister Suder. I have explained your proposal to her. Mister Suder.  Firing phasers. Acknowledged. They're withdrawing, Captain. Acknowledged. [Suder's quarters] Eight large carrier vessels, confirmed Kazon signatures. Curious. They have left us with an obvious avenue of escape, Captain. Four of the Kazon ships are breaking formation. They are randomly detonating torpedoes in our flight path. Kazon vessel ten thousand kilometres off our starboard bow. Six thousand kilometres. Five thousand, three, two thousand. Two more Kazon ships approaching. Torpedoes loaded. Damage control teams to deck eight.  All three Kazon ships are concentrating their fire on us now, Captain. Aye, Captain. We've lost power to forward phasers. We're being boarded through the shuttle bays, Captain. Phaser fights reported on decks five, six, seven. Beta team, this way. I have already begun to design some rudimentary devices, Captain. I've completed a few weapons that might be appropriate, Commander. This is mine. I taught archery science for several years at the Vulcan Institute of Defensive Arts. From a tactical point of view, the options are not encouraging. However, moving past the creature might lead us to an exit.  Chakotay, your spear. (The two men prod at a fracture in the tunnel roof, and create a fall just as the serpent reaches them.)  After what transpired, I believe we have to prepare ourselves for an alien attack, Captain. Our priority should be to increase the weapons arsenal and to begin training everyone in the use of these weapons. Nevertheless You may find nobility in the savage, Commander, but he is only interested in killing you. I offer you a Vulcan prayer, Mister Suder. May your death bring you the peace you never found in life. (Chakotay is by Seska's body on another biobed. He draws the sheet over her face.) [Bridge]
Lieutenant. Here is the power usage data you requested. I don't experience embarrassment. None that I am aware of. You want me to conceal what I've observed of your relationship with Lieutenant Torres. Certainly not. [Outside Turbolift] Good morning, Captain. Internal scans haven't revealed anything about the genetic mutations. Still offline. We are investigating the possibility Understood. Captain. Yes. Shall I flog them as well? You do seem unsettled. I will join you for a glass of wine.  [Holodeck two - da Vinci programme]  Tuvok to Seven of Nine. Why have you accessed the EPS relay system?  [Engineering]  Perhaps you should leave that to the engineering crew.  You're compromising the power safety protocols. Stop what you're doing at once. You're attempting to deceive me. Why? (Three aliens come to listen to them.) Your actions could result in an energy discharge which would be harmful to the crew. I'ill attempt to modify the internal sensors to detect the aliens. I've encountered similar difficulties in my efforts to modify the internal sensors. They appear to have gained access to our key systems. They are capable of manipulating our DNA. A direct conflict would be inadvisable. Captain, what are you doing? We're less than a million kilometres from the pulsars. We must change course immediately to avoid being caught in their gravity. This is a far more reckless course of action than I've come to expect from you, Captain. Hull stress is at thirty teradynes and rising. Hull stress is at forty five teradynes. (Takar tries to use the helm controls.) One in twenty at best, Captain. Outer hull temperature has reached nine thousand degrees. I was not. Hull stress has exceeded maximum tolerance. (Things start to go bang.) Main power is offline. A poor choice of words. It was clearly an understatement. Captain's log, stardate 51244.3. With the aliens gone, the Doctor has been able to remove their devices from the crew and neutralise the genetic tags.  [Paris's quarters]
There are unusually high levels of omicron particles within this nebula, Captain. Precisely. A significant concentration appears to exist approximately sixty four million kilometres inside the perimeter. Aye, Captain. Tuvok to Kim. Mister Kim, that is a comment we'd prefer not to hear from a senior officer on the Bridge. It makes the junior officers nervous. The level of resistance poses no danger to the hull at this time, Captain. Twelve thousand four hundred kilometres.  We seem to have encountered an energy barrier. Just over seven thousand kilometres. I am unable to offer identification, Captain. (Kim uses his comm. badge.) They appear to be made up of a non-reactive material that our sensors do not recognise, Captain. Uncertain. There is no indication of directed fire. Sensors show a build-up of magnesite dust along the outer rim of the barrier. Firing phasers. The barrier is undamaged, Captain. Torpedo is loaded. Coordinates set. Fifty thousand kilometres to the perimeter. Thirty five kilometres to perimeter. Fifteen thousand kilometres. We've cleared the central mass. I'm afraid the concentration of particles is far lower than I originally observed. Furthermore, it appears that many of the particles have now moved outside the energy barrier. That would be a logical conclusion. Shields are up. Adaptive harmonics are operational. EM hull pressure is approaching dangerous levels, Captain. Hull pressure is decreasing also. Fourteen thousand kilometres to the breach. Shields at eighty seven percent. The polarity of each charge is rotating so quickly, the shields can not compensate. Engineering] Fourteen injuries reported, Captain. None serious. May I ask when you became morale officer? Shields at seventy five percent and holding.  Regenerative matter approaching from both directions at just under five hundred kilometres per hour. Captain, the shields are only designed to withstand Regenerative matter approaching. Range, thirty kilometres, fore and aft. Regenerative matter at twenty kilometres. Fifteen. Ten.
Approximately four hundred million kilometres from our position. You will find none. Perhaps it was an oversight on your part. There is considerable interference. Captain's orders. Power from Astrometrics has been rerouted to the navigational array, at least until we've completed our journey through the wormhole. Starfleet? Sensors show no record of an incoming transmission. The preponderance of data suggests otherwise. As is your reasoning. Indeed. Your point. Access to the Astrometrics lab is restricted until further notice. Dismissed. [Cargo Bay two]  Bridge, she has erected another forcefield. It'll require [Bridge] Several
Nonetheless, we can't assume they've been able to devise a plan this quickly. Since it was technology that brought us to the Delta Quadrant in the first place, it's a reasonable assumption. Technology could bring us back again. I'm detecting a ship, Captain. Eight hundred thousand kilometres off the port bow. It's adrift, no propulsion systems, no weapons, no life support. The gravimetric field.  Come in. Thank you, Mister Neelix. You can put it on the desk. Was there something more? Of course. I'm finishing my weekly tactical review. When it's completed, I'll read the message. Do you have any reason to believe the content of the message will change during that time? I fully intend to find out what it says. You mean you've read it? Very well. Amonak. The temple of Amonak. One of the most sacred on Vulcan. I think Commander Tuvok will suffice. Thank you, Mister Neelix. I'll read the rest to myself. We are capable of telling lies. However, I have never found it prudent or necessary to do so. Only under orders from a superior officer. It's not only her custom, it's recommended Starfleet protocol. Is there a purpose to your question? I am not certain how the captain regards you, but her decision to have me accompany you on this mission shouldn't be taken as evidence of any particular attitude. Bring the main deflector online. The variance in the containment field is now at point two nine. Let me ask you a question, Seven. Is the captain's opinion important to you? We have just been scanned by a sub-neucleonic beam of some kind. We must get Voyager to send out a directional beacon to guide us back. Tuvok to Voyager. Voyager, please respond. I suspect this was done intentionally by the ship that's approaching rapidly off out port stern. (It is Hirogen, and they start firing.) Our shields are losing integrity. That ship is larger than ours. If we lure it closer to the station, it will be far more vulnerable to the gravitational eddies than we are. A tractor beam. We are being pulled toward the ship. Launching a distress beacon.(A beam from the Hirogen ship knocks them out.) [Astrometrics lab] I assume we're on the alien ship. No. If we can reach one of those blades perhaps we can cut through these bindings. (An Hirogen enters.) We're trying to retrieve important messages from our home. Return us to our ship and we'll be on our way without trespassing again. Release us now and you'll be safe. Otherwise we will destroy you. I suggest you think carefully about your decision. If you kill us, our captain will hunt you down and show no mercy.  I learned very little about them, but I believe we should consider them extremely dangerous. They seem to lack any moral centre. No. I assume they used it for communications, as we did. They won't be pleased about that, Captain. I doubt we've seen the last of them.  (Doorbell.) If you'll excuse me. Commander. (Tuvok leaves.)
The shuttle's primary systems are offline. Lifesigns, only two. Affirmative. How so? I take it the Borg have no fear of that biological truth. You are no longer part of the Collective. You are mortal now like the rest of us. Does that disturb you? Fascinating. That must be a great relief. Glass and spoon? Thank you. Welcome to the first night of Prixin, the Talaxian observance of familial allegiance. This year, Mister Neelix has requested that I commence the celebration with the traditional salutation. We do not stand alone. We are in the arms of family. Father, mother, sister, brother. Father's father, father's mother, father's brother, mother's brother. Suffice to say, the list is extensive. We gather on this day to extol the warmth and joy of those unshakable bonds. Without them, we could not call ourselves complete. On this day, we are thankful to be together. We do not stand alone.  We gather on this day to tell Neelix what he must do.
Your inarticulate expression of awe notwithstanding, Mister Neelix, it was a fascinating spectacle. I'm afraid a course correction will be futile, Captain. There are now three distinct shock waves heading toward us on various trajectories. It will be impossible to avoid them all. Contact with the first shock wave within three seconds, Commander. Shield strength is at twenty percent. Hull damage on decks nine through fourteen. Minor injuries reported on all decks. May we presume that this conflict is also responsible for the weakening of your powers and your inability to return to the Continuum? May I remind you, madam, that this rickety barge and its half-witted crew are your only hope at the moment. [Q Continuum - Colonial Manor House] (Q and Janeway are taking shelter behind a settee whilst she tears strips off her petticoats to staunch Q's wound.) Commander, I needn't remind you that close proximity to a supernova will crush us, whether or not we time it perfectly. All crew are present and accounted for.
 I'm not detecting either Q. If we deny him the satisfaction of a response, he may become bored and return to the Continuum. [Cargo Bay two] (Seven of Nine is working when her clothes vanish.) Weapons are offline.  Seven of Nine will be instructing you in spatial causality. You will learn how your actions can have widespread repercussions. It's disrupting the tractor beam. They're gone. [Delta Flyer]  I'm detecting another rift forming, approximately five thousand kilometres directly ahead. A vessel is emerging.
I have no intention of doing so. You should attend to your duties, Ensign. I'll accept your forfeit. Impressive. Calibration complete. Phase modulator. Detonator circuits? We're ready to load the gravimetric charge. Fifty four, to be exact. I don't know. Aye, Captain. Pardon me? No. Then I wouldn't suggest getting your hopes up. I do not engage in idle speculation. Yes, but we have a task at hand. The phase modulator.  [Astrometrics lab] We're encountering distortions. An M class moon. We're in visual range. There's a subnucleonic reaction occurring in the upper atmosphere. It is apparently emanating from a structure on the moon's surface. I can't tell. Several sections of the outpost are still shielded. This door is solid duritanium, thirteen centimetres thick. The duritanium has melted into the door frame. We'll need to cut through the metal with phasers. Captain, I'd be negligent if I didn't point out that we're about to violate the Prime Directive. We've disabled the locking mechanism. Inadvisable. We'd risk penetrating the containment field. I'll order the away teams back to Voyager and target this facility with the gravimetric charge. It's unfortunate we can't study this phenomenon in more detail. We may not have the opportunity again. A curious statement from a woman of science. Understood. Pattern enhancers are active. Aye, Captain. They're attempting to stop us with a tractor beam. They're charging weapons. Direct hit. Shields down ten percent. Decompression is complete. The harmonic chamber has been jettisoned. Sensors show no traces of Omega molecules.
I concur with that analysis.
Do your people possess technology which could have transported you here? Can you tell us where your colony is located? Where is Kes today? Increasing the shield strength has had no apparent effect. However, it (Tuvok vanishes. A Nyrian appears in another part of the ship.) [Sickbay] There are ten compounds like this one, spread over approximately four square kilometres. They are surrounded on all sides by wilderness. (A Nyrian woman speaks.) I don't believe so. In every direction I went, I encountered a natural barrier. A sheer cliff, an impassable river. These obstacles completely surround the colony. Were your people brought here by the Nyrians? It should do. If you can find another like this one, we'll be able to construct a second weapon. Yes. Our circumstances seem to require a certain flexibility. That was a lesson I had already learned. During the Rite of Tal'oth, I survived in the Vulcan desert for four months with a ritual blade as my only possession. After that, Starfleet training exercises seemed less of a challenge. This weapon is complete. When Mister Neelix returns with a second capacitor, I'll improvise another. (Next day.) If the Nyrians downloaded Voyager's cultural database, you may be able to tap into the translation algorithm. Captain, there's data here for ninety four different environments. I'll try to bypass their security codes. We should attempt to locate the bridge. We may need to disable the entire security sub-routine. (An alarm sounds. They make their way back.) [Bridge] TALEEN He just activated a translocator control. One lifeform was sent from an access tunnel to the biosphere adjacent to ours. Then we should be able to use the same method to return to Voyager.  This translocator has an extremely long range. Over ten light years. Their method has the added advantage of appearing innocent, at least in the beginning. There are biosensors contained within the monitoring programs of each habitat. Perhaps I'm detecting human lifeforms in one of the environments. The Argala habitat. Possibly. They may have taken refuge there to hide from the Nyrians. The temperature is minus twenty degrees Celsius. Captain, there's a ship approaching at high warp. It's Voyager.
The success rate of your culinary experiments has not been high. Ensign Golwat is Bolian. Her tongue has a cartilaginous lining. It would protect her against even the most corrosive acid. Impressive. Porakan? Mister Neelix, I would prefer not to hear the life history of my breakfast. What happened? Engineering has been making adjustments to the plasma conduits to accommodate a new energy source. It may have created a thermal surge in the galley systems. The gas can also be used to boost deflector shield efficiency. The anomaly is within visual range. I don't know. I'm experiencing dizziness and disorientation. Permission to go to sickbay. Deck five. I was holding a young girl by the hand, tying to prevent her from falling from a precipice. I was unable to keep my grip, and she fell to her death. And there is more. I had an emotional response anxiety, fear. An almost irrational anger at myself for letting her fall. It never happened. The girl was unfamiliar, and I've never been in that situation. It was me as a child, and it did seem like a memory, but I don't recall the incident. I am not human. A wise precaution, Doctor. Thank you. [Tuvok's quarters] (Tuvok has lit candles and is using bizarre building blocks.) Structure, logic, function, control. A structure cannot stand without a foundation. Logic is the foundation of function. Function is the essence of control. I am in control. I am in control. (But the house of not-cards collapses, then the doorbell chimes.) Enter. Kes. What is it? No. You may proceed. It is called a keethara. The approximate translation is structure of harmony. It is used as a meditational aid. Building it requires precise balance and spatial acuity. It helps to focus thought and refine mental control. No, it does not. The form is not predefined. It is a reflection of the builder's state of mind. Thus, it is different each time. Kes. Structure, logic, function, control. A structure cannot stand without a foundation. Logic is the foundation of function. Function is the essence of control. I am in control. I am in control. [Corridor] If you are referring to yesterday's incident, I haven't experienced any further problems. I am fit for duty. There is no need for concern. My apologies, Commander. I am distracted. I spent fourteen hours last night in deep meditation, trying to determine the source of my aberrant behaviour. I could not.  It is difficult to forget when you're wearing a neurocortical monitor on your parietal bone. I suggest we conduct a tachyon sweep of the nebula. It would reveal the presence of any cloaked ships. Yes. We should be extremely cautious this close to Klingon space. Yes. Yes, you are right, of course. I'm uncertain why I would make such an obvious error. Did the doctor explain the situation to you? I don't know how else to proceed. The doctor tells me that this is a memory. And yet, no matter how hard I try, I cannot remember. If the doctor is correct, if this is an experience I pushed into my unconscious mind, it could be very dangerous to me, even life-threatening. I realise it's asking a great deal of you, Captain, and I did consider turning to one of the Vulcans on the ship, but this meld would be more intimate than most. A family member is normally chosen because of the implicit trust that usually exists. On this ship, I trust you more than anyone else. I will initiate the meld and attempt to access the memory fragment. Once that has been accomplished, you will act as my pyllora. My guide, my counsellor. You will help me reconstruct the memory in its entirety. And as I am reliving it, you will help me to objectify the experience. By processing the experience, rather than repressing it, I can begin to overcome my fear, anger and the other emotional responses, and to reintegrate the memory into my conscious mind. No. I will be the only one who notices your presence. You will be an observer in the memory, but not a participant. This will give you the freedom to guide me objectively. I will need time to prepare. Please return in one hour. (One hour later, Tuvok and Janeway are sitting opposite each other in chairs, in the surgery bay. Janeway is also wearing a monitor.) Your mind to my mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. I am taking us back, back to the boy that I was, the boy lying on the precipice. [Excelsior bridge] (Under attack. The crew are wearing 23rd century Federation uniforms. Welcome to the Undiscovered Country.) Yes. My first deep space assignment aboard the Excelsior. I did not intend to. That is precisely what I attempted to do. Stardate 9521, approximately eighty years ago. The Klingons. This battle was precipitated by an incident that took place three days earlier. [Gamma shift crew quarters] And that's when my problem began. I am well, Commander. Thank you. Thank you. It's not for me. It's for the Captain. I've observed that Captain Sulu drinks a cup of tea each morning. I thought he might enjoy a Vulcan blend. I assure you, I have no ulterior motive. That was not my motivation, Captain. I am not attempting to curry favour with you in any way. I will work on it, sir. In the twenty third century, holographic imaging resolution was less accurate. Yes. I am one of several junior science officers. It's a long story, Captain, but suffice it to say, this was my first Starfleet career. I was twenty nine years old. Not exactly. The Klingon moon Praxis is about to explode. During this period, it was a primary source of energy for the Klingon Homeworld. That is correct. No. We were warned off by the Klingons, and resumed our survey mission. However, two days later, we learned that two Starfleet officers were accused of murdering the Klingon Chancellor. They were brought back to the Klingon Homeworld to stand trial. Captain Sulu had served under both officers for many years, and he felt an intense loyalty to them. He is about to attempt a rescue of Captain Kirk and Doctor McCoy. As you can see, everyone seemed perfectly willing to go along with this breach of orders. However, I felt differently. Captain, am I correct in assuming that you have decided to embark on a rescue mission? I do. It is a direct violation of our orders from Starfleet Command, and it could precipitate an armed conflict between the Klingon Empire and the Federation. Sir, as a Starfleet officer, it is my duty to formally protest. I am aware of my limited experience, but I am also very much aware of Starfleet regulations and my obligation to carry them out. Sir, that is a most illogical line of reasoning. Perhaps. (Later.)  Several hours after we entered the nebula, we were ambushed by Klingons. A battle ensued, and we were forced to abort our rescue mission. No. If there is a connection I am not aware of it. I suggest we attempt another mind-meld, and try again to access my memory of the girl. Your mind to my mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. I am taking us back, back to the boy that I was. The boy lying on the precipice. [Excelsior bridge] I am at a loss to explain, Captain, but it's hard to accept this as a coincidence. Captain Sulu estimated it would take approximately five hours to traverse the nebula and enter Klingon space. He decided my shift needed some rest, so we returned to the crew quarters. [Gamma shift crew quarters]  I attempted to get some sleep. However, my bunk mate Dmitri Valtane felt the need to discuss our situation. No. Had what in him? I take it from the tone of your voice that you admire this trait. It's illogical and reckless, which I attempted to point out to him on the bridge. The human fascination with fun has led to many tragedies in your short, but violent, history. One wonders how your race has survived having so much fun. No, I will not relax. Ever since I entered the Academy, I've had to endure the egocentric nature of humanity. You believe that everyone in the galaxy should be like you, that we should all share your sense of humour and your human values. I joined under pressure from my parents. But I've already decided to resign my commission once this assignment is complete. At this point in my life, yes. My experiences at the Academy and on board the Excelsior were not pleasant. My perceptions of humanity and Starfleet were undoubtedly coloured by the fact that I did not want to be here in the first place. It was their wish, and I felt an obligation to fulfill it. I returned to Vulcan, where I spent several years in seclusion, immersing myself in the Kolinahr, a rigorous discipline intended to purge all emotions. I wanted to attain a state of pure and total logic. Unfortunately, six years into my studies, I began the Pon farr. I took a mate. Yes. We decided to raise a family together, so I chose to postpone my studies. Raising children of my own made me appreciate what my parents experienced raising me. And I came to realise that the decisions I made as a young man were not always in my best interest. I understood their decision to send me to the Academy, and that there were many things I could learn from humans and other species, so I decided to expand my knowledge of the galaxy. Starfleet provided that opportunity. As am I, Captain. Although, heart had very little to do with it. It was a logical decision. A Klingon battle cruiser decloaked inside the nebula. At this moment, they were firing concussive charges across our bow. [Excelsior bridge] Primarily oxygen and argon, with traces of theta-xenon, fluorine and sirillium gas. Affirmative. If we modulated a positron beam to a subspace frequency, it would trigger a thermochemical reaction in the sirillium. Yes, but their sensors and tactical systems would be disrupted for several seconds. The positron beam is charged and ready. Mister Valtane, there's a rupture in the plasma conduit behind your console. Get away from that station. Dmitri, you must (Valtane's station explodes.) Bridge to sickbay. Medical emergency. Something's gone wrong with the mind-meld. (to Janeway) It's an indication that the rate of deterioration in my brain has increased. At advanced stages of a t'lokan schism, memories and thought processes become distorted and confused. (to Janeway) I will break the meld, Captain. I will try. But I must point out that if my neural structures collapse during the meld, you will suffer brain damage as well.  Captain, if we replay those events and they see you, it will disrupt the memory again. Asking female officers for their clothing could lead to misunderstanding. [Sickbay] (The EMH places a blinkie on Tuvok's forehead.) Mister Valtane, there's a rupture in the plasma conduit behind your console. Get away from that station. Dmitri, you must (Boom!) I am trying, but my mind is weakening. That's why it migrated from Valtane to me. Not directly. We were forced to retreat back to Federation space. As usual, Captain Kirk provided his own means of escape. But we did play a pivotal role at the subsequent battle at Khitomer. On the contrary. I do not experience feelings of nostalgia. But there are times when I think back to those days of meeting Kirk, Spock and the others, and I am pleased that I was part of it. Then perhaps you can be nostalgic for both of us.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
The high residual energy signature indicates repeated weapons fire. Enough to destroy a small moon. Perhaps the missile's navigational system is malfunctioning. It's been operating for over a year, far longer than it was designed to function. No discernable damage, Captain. Ready Captain. The missile's thoron shock emitter has fired. (Boom.) We have penetrated its shields. Direct hit to the core. The missile was not significantly damaged. It has maintained its course for Rakosa. [Ready room] The Rakosan attack is commencing, Captain. Firing phasers. [Dreadnought] We are drawing minimal fire from the missile. It's primary weapons systems are focused on the Rakosan vessel. Shields at forty percent. Or more to the point, it would take a warp core breach. It is logical to have a second in command in case you are injured and unable to complete the mission, Captain. I request permission to remain.  The missile's containment field is collapsing. Aye, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Tuvok to Lieutenant Torres. Has any equipment repair been authorised on Deck six? TORRES [OC] Negative. What's going on? Stand by. (A head pokes out of the access area.) Crewman Dalby, what are you doing here? Did you inform Lieutenant Torres? On this ship we have a protocol for such procedures. Your repair interrupted a number of ships functions. That is the problem. I would remind you, Mister Dalby, that you are no longer on a Maquis ship. Unknown. Lieutenant Torres is running a materials analysis on the gel pack. In the mean time the unit has been replaced. Forty seven. There is one other matter I wish to discuss. I am concerned about Crewman Dalby. He attempted to make unauthorised repairs on a damaged gel pack. When I confronted him, he lost control. He became extremely angry, to the point of insubordination. Indeed. This is not the first incident involving Mister Dalby. Last week he was found tampering with ship's systems to increase a friends replicator rations, and he has missed three of his last ten duty shifts. A starship cannot run without protocols. Mister Dalby's attitude is disrupting this vessels operations. Perhaps that would be the best approach. What do you propose? Me? Commander Chakotay would be a more logical choice to be their instructor. He is a Maquis, as well as their former Captain. Very well, Captain, I will prepare a curriculum.  Good morning. We have assembled here because Captain Janeway feels you would all benefit from additional Starfleet training. Consequently (A woman with red shoulders and hair band speaks first.) The answer to that question would seem to be self evident, crewman. Interrupting a senior officer is not acceptable behaviour. The purpose of this training is to familiarise you with Starfleet protocols so that mistakes like that will be minimised. (Next up, a Bolian.) Crewman Chell. Your report indicates that you are talkative, disruptive and unreliable. You promise to do tasks which then go undone. Crewman! From this point on you will speak only if you are spoken to. Forty laps around the cargo bay. Start running now. Fifty laps. (Chell gives up and starts jogging.) As I was saying, this class will adhere to standards established for Starfleet cadets. There will be physical training and academic studies, as well as tactical situations which will be simulated on the holodeck. Crewman, have you been listening to me? (A Bajoran man looks up from the floor.) Excuse me. I did not hear that answer. Speak up, crewman. From now on you will look at me when I am talking to you. What was that? We think he should. That is correct. Crewmen, you are demonstrating rank insubordination. I order all of you to stay where you are. These are your study assignments for next week. Please note that examinations will be conducted randomly with no advance notice. I will now inspect your uniforms. Crewman Henley, your headband is certainly festive. However, it is in violation of regulations. Please check the protocol files for recommended guidelines. What is this? (A chunky gold medallion on a chain.) This ornament is in violation of the dress code. You will remove it now. Correct. In addition, your boots are scuffed. From now on you will arrive in polished boots. GERRON Yes, sir. Do you have a problem, Mister Dalby? Very well. You will all report to me on deck eleven at nineteen hundred hours. Dismissed. You will find that out at nineteen hundred hours. Dismissed. [Engineering]  We'll be taking a ten kilometre run. I've cleared deck thirteen of personnel for the evening. Make sure your packs are secure to avoid chafing.  We will get to deck thirteen by using the Jeffries tubes. Not that way, crewman. We are getting to deck thirteen by way of the mess hall. Correct. I am glad to see your knowledge of the ship's internal structure is improving. Crewman Gerron, lead the way. (Gerron starts up the ladder, followed by Chell, Henley, Dalby and Tuvok. Eventually Gerron stops on a ladder for a breather.) Crewman Gerron. What is the problem up there? Keep going!  All right, the ten kilometres begin now. That was a run of approximately ten point one kilometres. You may be experiencing difficulty because I increased the gravity on this deck by ten percent. You never know what conditions you might encounter. You must be prepared for anything. Crewmen Gerron and Chell, you have not completed your run. By my account we have lapped you three times. You will finish the ten kilometres now. We will repeat this exercise tomorrow evening and I will expect each one of you to better your performance. [Transporter room] (Chell is scanning the transporter pads with a small hand-held device when Torres goes to Kim at the console.)  On the bridge, we depend on the smooth functioning of every crewman at every station. You are the Captain's eyes, ears and hands. You must function as one perfectly tuned unit. Mister Dalby, I understand you have command experience. You have the Bridge. The programme will present you with a series of random events which you and your crew must deal with in whatever manner you see fit. The programme will be initiated when you set a course. Computer, reset programme. Your first command together was less than successful. You are all dead. Can anyone answer that question? Mister Gerron, do you have something to add? It matters, because if you do not learn from your mistakes, you will be doomed to repeat them. And have you reached a conclusion as to your error? I see. Did the possibility of retreat not occur to you? The strongest tactical move is always the one in which you will reap the highest gain at the lowest cost. Going out with phasers firing may seem heroic, but in the long run it is merely foolish. Retreat is often the best possible option. Dismissed. Computer, exit. [Mess hall] (Tuvok is at the other side of his usual table, staring into space.) I assure you, you are wrong. I cannot imagine that there are visible emanations which allow you to interpret my mood. You are making wild assumptions. I do not believe they are responding well to my instruction. That is what I have been trying to determine, and I'm afraid I am at a loss. I have taught literally thousands of cadets and I have never encountered these difficulties. My methods are sound and time-honoured. I insist on strict adherence to rules and protocols. I never waver from that approach. I have always been successful in honing each cadet into a Starfleet officer. You're saying that the Maquis crew is rigid and inflexible. That they will never adjust to Starfleet rules. I am not sure if I have the ability to find out what they are like inside. Mister Neelix, what is that? (An malodorous mound of stuff.) Cheese. You must cultivate bacteria to make cheese. Where they were disseminated throughout the ship, subsequently infecting the bio-neural circuitry.  You may break, Mister Dalby. Do you play pool often? Do you have a family? Pardon? I had thought we could get to know each other. Perhaps then our relationship would function more smoothly. I do, but there is nothing to report about them that would compare with your story. I've observed that you seem to be somewhat protective of Mister Gerron. Have you formed a friendship with him? Commander Chakotay specifically recommended Mister Gerron for this programme. He felt that if the young man were able to learn new skills, to set goals and accomplish them, it might go a long way to helping him feel better about himself. It is our intention that the experience be positive for everyone. Class dismissed. Return to your duty stations. (But the doors won't open.) Tuvok to Bridge. This is Lieutenant Tuvok, is anyone receiving this message? It appears our duty stations will have to do without us for the time being. [Bridge] I would surmise that the Captain is making some effort to deal with the systems failures. The fact that we do not know what that effort entails may lead us to imagine the worst. We must not let fear get the best of us. Mister Gerron, it is possible the console in the control room is still functioning. Please see if you can open the doors from there. In the mean time, we can attempt to access one of the Jeffries tubes through the forward bulkhead. [Bridge] (The ship is shaking and everyone is sweating.) The plasma gas will become toxic within minutes. We must leave immediately. Get in the Jeffries tube. I cannot risk losing any more of you to save one man. It is always tactically correct to sacrifice the few for the many. Get in the Jeffries tube now! Mister Dalby, I will break your arm if you do not follow my order. Keep moving. (Tuvok closes the hatch behind his trainees and runs across the cargo bay to the ladder.) [Bridge] It was. However, I recently realised that there are times when it is desirable to bend the rules.
I am fully capable of appreciating this phenomenon without the extraneous sentimentality humans find so necessary. Enter. Mister Kim. Can I help you? Kal-toh is to chess as chess is to tic-tac-toe. What is on your mind, Ensign? Mister Kim, it is a lifelong process. The t'san s'at, the intellectual deconstruction of emotional patterns. May I ask why? That would seem to be self-evident. And what is the nature of those feelings? I see. And who is the object of your affections? I am not aware of anyone on the ship with that name. You're in love with a computer subroutine? Interesting. [Corridor]  To see through an emotional complex is to rob it of its power. The first step is to identify the complex in which you have been caught. There are many different kinds of love, Ensign. You must learn to differentiate. For example, you told me that you met this individual only days ago. Yet you feel overwhelmed. Have you been able to sleep? Have you eaten? Does your daily routine seem somehow empty, perhaps even ludicrous? You are experiencing shon-ha'lock, the engulfment. It is the most intense and psychologically perilous form of eros. I believe humans call it love at first sight. Irrelevant. The emotional complex in which you are trapped is the same and so is the cure. Logical deconstruction, followed by a regimen of meditative suppression. As I shall demonstrate. [Holodeck – Paxau resort] (Neelix is directing the hanging of a paper lantern.) That was not an oversight, I assure you. Vulcans do not hydrosail. Mister Kim and I would prefer some conversation. Would you care to join us? I'm sure it is. No. We're colleagues. I respect Mister Kim for his intelligence and his integrity. And I assume he holds me in the same regard. We have fellowships and associations, but without the emotional dimension humans experience. Acknowledged. We're on our way. No. Ensign? [Corridor]  As I predicted, your responses were as formulaic as a mathematical equation. Consider the expression on your face when Neelix did not recall Marayna. Annoyance. It is quite true. At that moment, Neelix was functioning in Vulcan terms as the soo-lak, the third party who, by his very lack of interest, trivialises your own. And the arrival of Kes with Marayna then precipitated in you the k'oh-nar, the feeling of being completely exposed. And when Marayna placed your hand on her stressed tendon.  Bridge. That's just what I've been trying to get you to perceive. To the trained Vulcan intellect, intense romantic love is nothing more than a set of stereotypical behaviours. Not having our discipline, typically, humans are swept along by the process until it ends. Either in conversion to a more balanced, stable relationship, or in tragic circumstances. Exactly. Logic dictates a single course of action. Retreat. Captain? And if there isn't? No, thank you. Marvellous. I would never disobey an order, Captain, no matter how burdensome. Vulcans do not. Curious. If you will excuse me. (Tuvok goes over to Marayna, who is at a table playing kal-toh.) A common error among novice players. By placing the t'an on opposite sides of the kal-toh, you are attempting to introduce a spatial balance, a strategy that will most certainly fail. Kal-toh is not about striving for balance. It is about finding the seeds of order, even in the midst of profound chaos. May I? Kal-toh is not about beauty. Yes. From the age of five, I took lessons from a master. You are perceptive. No, thank you. Given the decor, it seems somehow excessive. I beg your pardon. Explain. Your logic is impeccable. (Marayna takes off her lei and gazes into Tuvok's eyes. Elsewhere, Paris takes two pineapples from a tray.) The illusion of control. No. If by imagination, you mean the ability to spontaneously generate images within my mind, then, yes, I have a highly developed imagination, as do all of my race. I can see why Ensign Kim finds you compelling. I must return to my quarters. I must admit, I share that conclusion. You are a unique individual. It is late. I must go. No doubt. Perhaps. Good night, Marayna. [Outside the holodeck]  Computer, end resort programme. Captain's log, supplemental. We've completed sensor scans and confirmed our discovery of an unusual dampening field responsible for keeping this unstable nebula from going up in flames. The field's origin is still a mystery. [Bridge] Mister Kim, you are misconstruing the nature of this situation. Your jealousy is entirely insupportable. I have done nothing of the sort. A game of kal-toh which I am playing with a nonsentient computer subroutine. You're implying a desire on my part that simply does not exist. Marayna is an intriguing interactive hologram, nothing more. Mister Kim, I value our working relationship. I would not allow a holodeck character to disrupt that. Computer, delete the Marayna subroutine. How did you get here? I deleted you from the holodeck. Why have you come here to my quarters? Tuvok to bridge. Intruder alert. Security team to my quarters. Given your actions, I have no choice but to consider you a potential threat to myself and to Voyager. You have access to the ship's control systems? Marayna may well have done the same. She was able to silence the intruder alert by an apparent act of will. She may. I believe it has something to do with her feelings toward me. In my quarters, she made reference to her loneliness and expressed her desire to continue our relationship. Marayna may have opened the doors. Caution is advised. [Holodeck – Paxau resort] (The luau is back on.) Marayna's attempting to recreate the setting of my previous encounter with her. Shoot the control panel. (Paris wards off a girl and obeys. The holocharacters vanish.) [Bridge] (Voyager is drifting into the inversion nebula, and strands are igniting near them, shaking the ship.) Marayna attacked us and attempted to restrain me. She has control over the holodeck characters. I had little choice. You successfully lured me here by threatening the ship, but any attempt to generate intimacy between us will not be successful. [Bridge] You must leave Voyager now and allow us to continue on our course. I suggest you reconsider, or Captain Janeway will be forced to take action. Energise. [Bridge]  Marayna. You are using the nebula as a weapon. I will fire if necessary. Are you alone here, on this station in this nebula? I don't understand. You are responsible for the dampening field we've been investigating. You are lonely. But you uplinked with our holodeck and created a character in order to interact with us. If it is the only option, I would willingly sacrifice myself to save my crewmates. If you truly understood who and what I am, you would know that I could never return your affections. I must admit, I have found our conversations stimulating. Your insight and intelligence, fresh and unexpected. In other circumstances, I would be willing to spend time in your company, to continue to share knowledge and ideas. But I have a home and a spouse on Vulcan. I have a mission, and colleagues who depend on me. I do not have a complete understanding of emotions, but I believe that if you truly care for me, you will not pursue this course of action. (Marayna works a control panel, then stands.) Tuvok to Voyager. [Bridge] I am ready to return. Stand by to beam me aboard. Consider this. Your feelings toward me may be evidence of a deeper need. A more profound loneliness than you are willing to admit. Why don't you call for a replacement? Let another occupy this task. Attempt for a time to live among your own kind. Yes. Tuvok to Voyager. Ready for transport. Mister Kim, would you be interested in learning to play kal-toh? Not entirely. Ensign, I failed to respect the complexity of your emotions. I apologise for my lack of consideration. It will indeed. But thank you. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 Captain, sensor readings indicate that radiation inside the alien vessel is rising to toxic levels. The lifesigns of the passengers are growing weaker. At that range, we'll be at risk if their engine core explodes. All major systems are undamaged.  Commander, a phaser has been fired in Transporter room one. Transporter room to Bridge. Ensign Martin and the Ilari representative are dead. The Captain is injured and has been beamed to sickbay. He has held title before? And yet you believe that he, or at least his consciousness, has survived. Whom does the law recognise as Autarch? And you believe he would betray you? Perhaps we can use that to our advantage. If Tieran is anticipating an attack by your fleet, he may not be guarding as carefully against an individual infiltrating the Imperial Hall. I believe I would be able to get close enough to Kes to use the Doctor's device. You know that I won't provide you with any information. I had no assistance. I have no knowledge of the Captain's plans. She did not. You are correct. You will not break my control. I have never desired Kes. Kes! I had no doubt you would be. Tap into his strengths, and make them your own. I am with you. Don't let go. Mister Paris. Your thoughts are a turbulent ocean. Visualise yourself floating above them. You must be patient, and allow yourself sufficient time. Don't attempt to deny the emotional impact of your experience. You were not responsible for Tieran's actions. It was your absolute refusal to surrender which defeated him. You cannot ask more of yourself than that. You cannot. This experience will force you to adapt. You are no longer the same person, and the course of your life will change as a result. Where that new course leads is up to you. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Open yourself to the impressions around you. The thoughts, the minds that are on this ship. What do you hear? I believe you are sensing the thoughts of various crewmembers on board. See if you can isolate one of the voices. Imagine you are listening to a symphony and focusing on a single instrument. Try to maintain your emotional equanimity. You should not be concerned with success or failure. That is not unexpected. You have an emotional attachment to him which may have drawn your focus. If you are to succeed in honing your telepathic abilities, you must learn to control these emotional outbursts. Tomorrow I will teach you a Vulcan mind control technique that will help you inhibit your giggles. You may go. [Sickbay] I concur. However, dead or alive, these are the remains of an alien entity we never fully understood. It may be prudent to place it in a level three biohazard containment field. And if we can find her she might have the ability to send us home. [Engineering] Captain, the Caretaker was a being of considerable power, and although his intent was not hostile, we were essentially at his mercy. I do not care to repeat that experience. Precisely. I have studied the Doctor's biochemical analysis of the Caretaker remains and I believe it is possible to create a sporocystian toxin, something which might debilitate the life form. No response. I am reading an energy surge from the station, possible weapons. Incoming message from the array. And we did not kill the Caretaker. He died of natural causes. A non-emotional response would be more useful. Do not underestimate your own potential, Kes. Your mental abilities are rapidly maturing.  It is a highly reactive sporocystian toxin. The energy in this cylinder is formulated to break down that enzyme. It would result in temporary paralysis. It is my hope we only have to use it as a precautionary measure. That is a large step for someone whose mental abilities are still undisciplined. Nevertheless, I am intrigued. Please. (Kes puts a cup of water on the table in front of her.) Fascinating. However, I would advise caution in exploring this ability until you have mastered the What happened? That will not be necessary, Doctor. My Vulcan healing techniques do not require an extended period of convalescence. Of course. You are probably feeling the emotion known as remorse, possibly guilt. I advise you to look on this incident as a learning experience. That is correct. But you did not. Try to remember that. I will see you tomorrow at fifteen hundred hours, assuming you wish to continue your training. If this experience proves anything, it is that you need further instruction, and I would regret not continuing as your instructor. Security, meet me in main Engineering. Tuvok to Bridge. I believe the female Caretaker is here.  [Bridge] Captain.  It appears she has descended into subspace. Negative. The rupture has been sealed. She is gone, Captain. Captain's log, supplemental. We've resumed our course back to the Alpha quadrant but the female Caretaker is still out there with the power to send us home, and I will use all my power to find her and convince her to do just that. [Tuvok's quarters] Nevertheless, your psychokinetic abilities are still a part of you. They might resurface one day. To which part are you referring? Without the darkness, how would we recognise the light? Do not fear your negative thoughts. They are part of you. They are a part of every living being, even Vulcans. The Vulcan heart was forged out of barbarism and violence. We learned to control it, but it is still part of us. To pretend it does not exist is to create an opportunity for it to escape. Let us begin. Open yourself to the impressions around you. The thoughts, the minds that are on this ship. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
As you well know by now, Mister Neelix, I do not experience exhilaration. The weather is certainly adequate for our purposes. I am who I am, Mister Neelix. It is impossible for me to be more or less like myself. I'm afraid I don't. I appreciate nature, yes. We are not here to have fun. We are here to collect samples. That lovely tune is a traditional funeral dirge. Mister Neelix. Do you think you could possibly behave a little less like yourself? [Bridge] Acknowledged. Greetings, Captain.
A level seven ionic front is closing aft at thirty three thousand kph. The leading edge is approaching. The wave front is accelerating. Less than two minutes. We've entered the upper atmosphere. The storm is closing. Increasing shields to maximum. Starboard thrusters are down. She needs immediate medical assistance. (Later -) I've transmitted another distress call. No response. Conserve your strength, Ensign. Mister Paris and I have the situation under control. Unlikely. Not only are we buried under several kilotons of rock, but the atmosphere in this cavern is flooded with fluorine gas. Ready. The magnetic relays have overloaded. Do not give up hope. The probability of our being rescued is low, but not statistically impossible. You should not concern yourself with that now. My youngest child has been without a father for four years, yet I am certain of her well-being, that I conveyed my values to her before leaving. And I have confidence in the integrity of those around her. You have been an exemplary mother to Naomi, and she is in the hands of people you trust. She will survive and prosper, no matter what becomes of us. I prefer to make my farewells in written form. (Paris helps Wildman to the pilot's seat.) Did you envision a more heroic death? In accepting the inevitable, one finds peace.
He's exceeding our maximum velocity. I am switching to long range sensors. He is approaching the threshold. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] I don't believe so. Sensors indicate that he did cross the warp threshold. Captain, there's a quantum surge off the port bow. Something is coming out of subspace. (The shuttlecraft streaks into normal space.) This is a Level three Security Alert. All hands report to duty stations. [Corridor] Tuvok to Bridge. We found the Captain's phaser on deck six, but there's no sign of her. (The shuttlecraft launches and goes to warp.) Are you saying Lieutenant Paris is evolving? The female, obviously. (Three baby salamanders emerge from a hole in the sand and slither off into the water.) I look forward to reading it. First Officer's log, supplemental. We've transported the Captain and Mister Paris back to Sickbay. As for their offspring, I've decided to leave them in their new habitat. [Sickbay]
Indeed. During the birth of our third child, my wife was in labour for ninety six hours. I have learned that pregnancy and patience go hand in hand. Captain, long-range sensors are picking up heavy subspace communications ahead. They're Vidiian. At least twenty ships within sensor range. I am also detecting a G type star system with two inhabited planets. Life signs, Vidiian. It appeared to be a proton burst. Captain, these bursts are weakening the structural integrity of the hull. We cannot take any more. Hull breach on deck fifteen, section twenty nine alpha. Emergency force fields are offline.  I've analysed the bursts on all spectral frequencies. There's still no indication of where they're coming from.  Main computer core is failing. Switching to back up processors. (Bang!) Damage reports are coming in. The hull breach on deck fifteen has widened to include deck fourteen, section twelve. And there are six hundred thirty two micro-fractures along the hull's infrastructure. All primary systems are offline. We are running on emergency power only. The antimatter supply has dropped to eighteen percent and is continuing to fall. Warp coils in both nacelles have fused and are inoperative. The environmental control systems are failing. Fifteen crew members have been seriously wounded with plasma burns, twenty seven experienced other injuries. The Doctor is setting up triage facilities in Sickbay and Holodeck two. I must also regretfully report that Ensign Wildman's baby did not survive. Aye, Captain. The fire suppression system is out. Could this possibly be some kind of subterfuge, Captain? An alien deception?  Captain, they have fired an energy weapon. [Voyager 2 - Bridge] Tuvok to Janeway. Ensign Kim has made it through the rift, with the infant. [Engineering]  Repair efforts are underway. Lieutenant Torres estimates we'll be able to return to the Bridge within three days. I am curious, Captain. Before the Vidiians attacked, when you were in disagreement with the other Captain about One could say that you were both the doubter and the doubted. I do not envy the paradox of logic you were faced with in that situation.
Your serve? Perhaps if you maintained eye contact with the ball at the apex of its trajectory, your serve would be more effective. Simple physics, Captain. I've completed my monthly security evaluation. All systems and crew It appears to be a small ship, approximately six metres in length. Sensors are reading one occupant, human. He is holding position at the perimeter of the rift. No response. They appear to be charging weapons. Shields are down. Full phasers. No effect. Emitting deflector pulse now. We are being hailed. He's remodulating the sub-atomic disruptor. Our deflector is losing power, it won't hold much longer. It seems to be working. His weapon is offline and his ship has been damaged. The rift is destabilising and he's being pulled back inside. Primary systems are coming back online. The weapons array and power grid took heavy damage. No response on standard frequencies. Curious. I am picking up a multitude of narrow band EM signals. There is no sign of the vessel in orbit. Scanning the planet surface. I am picking up low frequency subspace readings emanating from the northern hemisphere. North American continent, Pacific coast. The city of Los Angeles. We could have worn our Starfleet uniforms. I doubt if anyone would have noticed. (They walk down the ramp.) Aye, Captain.  Subspace readings are weaker here. Thermal and ultraviolet radiation are at hazardous levels. (Paris takes off his shirt.) And risk dermal dysplasia? No, thank you. Aye, Captain. Perhaps we should find a more suitable parking place. This is, after all, a stolen vehicle. A taxi cab would have been less worrisome and more ethical. I was referring to the ethics of time travel. Lieutenant, you are being careless. I will not lighten up on the matter. Thus far I have tolerated your impulsive methods. At times they have worked to our advantage. But discretion is also a virtue. We must leave things exactly as they were. (Paris uses his tricorder on Rain's computer.) According to this data, they are tracking the warp emissions from our engines. Nevertheless, it appears they have configured their telescope to scan for them. Perhaps you could tell us how to get back to the lobby. Pardon me, Tom. We should be going. Our friends are waiting for us.  I downloaded all of her data into the tricorder and disrupted her data storage device. It will simply look like a computer malfunction. And ended ours. I am curious, Lieutenant, what does it mean, groovy? I beg your pardon? We'll need to use it. (Dunbar fires again, and Tuvok shoots the future phaser out of his hand, then retrieves the scarf that has come off, revealing his ears. They drive off in Rain's VW camper.) Operations Officer's log, supplemental. We've been on full sensor alert looking for signs that anyone else has detected Voyager. As a precaution, I've also asked Neelix and Kes to monitor all media broadcasts. [Mess hall] (A wall screen has six displays constantly changing.) The transtators were disrupted by that energy weapon. Our communicators are useless. I am afraid that is not possible, Miss Robinson. Your life may be in danger. Perhaps we've told her enough for now. I'm sorry, that information is classified. And as for my ears, they are a family trait. We must find a way to contact our friends. [Chronowerx - Starling's office] Good morning. (Tuvok returns bearing drinks and bags of fast food.) Breakfast is up. Have you made any progress? And that is a non-sequitur. Would you please hand me a burrito. There is another option. We will require your assistance. Lieutenant Paris and I are at the Griffith Observatory [Griffith Observatory - Rain's laboratory] (Tuvok is using Rain's cell phone.) In the Hollywood Hills. We have modified the satellite dish transmitter to carry and receive Voyager communication frequencies. I regret the bad connection. [Briefing room]  We have become associated with a young woman employed at the astronomical laboratory. It was she who sent the message to Voyager, but her lab is under the supervision of an individual [Briefing room] TUVOK  Then it would seem we must find a way to stop him. [Briefing room]  She and Lieutenant Paris appear to be bonding on a cross-cultural level. I would have to say yes. [Briefing room] I have triangulated the position of the van, Chakotay. Stand by for tricorder uplink. You'll be able to lock on the moment Starling is inside. (Rain goes over to Starling.) Mister Chakotay, there is a problem. (Starling, Rain and the EMH walk to the car. Then Rain sees Dunbar, and stops.) There may not be enough time. I've determined the coordinates. Doctor. Tuvok here. [Sickbay] Aye, Captain. Tuvok out. Mister Starling is under control. I suggest you return to Chronowerx and continue the business there. The Doctor and I must make our way to Arizona. [Sickbay] Please stand aside, Officer. The timeship is powering its temporal field generator. Starling will be able to open a rift within seconds. Events are occurring just as Captain Braxton predicted. The disaster may well be inevitable. Torpedo armed. [Torpedo tube one]  Locked on. We are being hailed. Given Mister Paris's alleged familiarity with twentieth century America, it is a wonder we survived the experience at all.
I beg your pardon, Captain?  Could you come to the Shuttlebay when you're finished? [Sickbay] I've completed the diagnostic as you requested. The Flyer's comm. system is functioning normally. The Captain did report that it was damaged [Overlooker's ship] TUVOK No. This will only take a moment. I've been reviewing the communication logs. There's a discrepancy I was hoping you could explain. [Doctor's office]  At the precise moment the Flyer transmitted a deflector pulse, you apparently accessed Voyager's holographic database. Perhaps we should have a word with the captain. Computer, deactivate the EMH. Security to Sickbay. Remain where you are. If necessary, I'll disable all of All hands, Red Alert. Security teams, apprehend the Doctor. [Outside Holodeck] Security override, Tuvok sigma four. [Holodeck] (Dozens of EMH's turn to face Tuvok.) Computer, end programme. Tuvok to Engineering. Shut down power [Engineering] TUVOK  Doctor, I've reconfigured my phaser to disrupt your holo-matrix. Surrender yourself now. (The EMH is crawling along a Jefferies tube. All the EMH's in the holodeck vanish.) Tuvok to bridge. [Bridge] TUVOK Try scanning for the polydeutonic alloy in his emitter. Shut down all [Holodeck]  Turbolifts and transporters. The Doctor has entered Jefferies tube one one alpha. Send a security team to the shuttlebay. (Torres gets out of a Jefferies tube and comes running around the Come with me, Doctor. (EMH-Torres runs up the wall, along  the ceiling over Tuvok, then stuns him.) [Bridge]  It is logical to assume the Captain never returned from the away mission. The Doctor masked his ion trail.  It's playing on every comm. channel on the ship. Yes. And as I recall, he performed the piece flawlessly. Or perhaps the Doctor altered the music deliberately. We can't follow them at impulse. The vessel's weapons are polaron-based, and they have auto-regenerative shielding.  Now, Mister Paris. (Both ships attack Zet's) [Overlooker's ship] Lieutenant, lock a tractor beam onto the core and get it back to Voyager.
Running scan. He's correct. I am picking up an ionization trail. There is another ship in orbit. It's not a cloaking device as we know it, Captain. I cannot say for certain what it is, but the ship does employ some kind of masking circuitry that has affected our sensors.  Captain, I believe a polaron burst may give us visual contact. The hull design does conform to known specifications of the Kazon-Nistrim sect. The ship's dimensions are identical to the vessel we encountered at the planet. It is a Kazon-Nistrim ship, Captain. It is likely that the ship's automatic containment systems were activated when the radiation entered the bridge. We should be safe as long as we stay on this side of the force field. It appears the explosion emanated from this console. The structural pattern does not conform to the rest of the bridge.  Captain, there was an apparent Federation signature to the explosion. There are only three alternatives I can discern at this time. One, it is not Federation technology at all but something similar. [Turbolift] Two, another Federation starship may have been brought to the Delta Quadrant prior to our arrival, and they interacted with the Kazon-Nistrim. Three, someone from this ship has covertly given technology to the Kazon. Nevertheless, it is the most probable explanation. It may not be a coincidence that the Kazon ship we encountered at the planet was able to deceive our sensors. Perhaps someone transmitted instructions to them before we arrived. You did discover Ensign Seska in proximity to them. Nevertheless, I urge you to regard her with caution for the time being.  Someone did make an unauthorised transmission. The signal was masked by a test of the dorsal emitters that we conducted a week ago. We're trying to trace the station where the signal originated. Again, the perpetrator was skilled enough to make the tracking process extremely difficult for us. Perhaps someone else picked up the distress call. Captain, it is conceivable that she's gone to the Kazon ship to destroy evidence that might implicate her. Lieutenant, have you had any contact with the Kazon-Nistrim since we arrived in the Delta Quadrant? Nevertheless, a signal was sent to the Kazon from your station in Engineering during our dorsal emitter test last week. Were you not in Engineering at that time? Starfleet Security has documented several incidents in which Cardassian have used cosmetic alterations for the purpose of infiltrating an enemy. The Doctor has informed us that there's no other plausible explanation for the medical anomalies, Commander. Their weapon systems are standing down. They do not appear to be posing a threat to us at this time. Did you set our plan in motion? I gave Lieutenant Carey the same information. Gin. It is simply a matter of logical discards, which give a false impression of my own requirements and deny the needed cards to your hand. I believe that's ninety four points to me. Someone is accessing the inventory data base. Negative. It might alert them. Intriguing. It appears as though they're trying to place evidence at the scene of the crime to indicate the guilty party. Captain, even with our superior defence capabilities, we cannot prevail against three Kazon warships. As a Vulcan, I am at all times honest, Commander. I was honest to my own convictions within the defined parameters of my mission. On the contrary. The demands on a Vulcan's character are extraordinarily difficult. Do not mistake composure for ease. How may I be honest with you today? Like all humans, you depend on feelings and instincts to guide you, and they invariably let you down. But particularly naive? No, Commander, and I've always considered your attention span to be adequate. No. She quite expertly pulled the wool over my eyes as well. Curious. That my failure, added to your own, should improve your feelings.
It was before Starfleet existed. Mister Paris? Alter course to grid three one zero. Location? Bridge to Captain Janeway. We're being hailed from the surface. No. [Bridge] You intend to meet his demands?  Our current coordinates, and the nearest M class planet one hundred thirty two light years away. It would take at least seventeen trips. Almost three years to complete the relocation. Then we may have to use force. Prepare the transport enhancers. Tuvok to Chakotay. [Planet surface] TUVOK Now, Mister Paris. Tuvok to Voyager. Five to beam up. [Sickbay]  Shield modifications online. Holding at eighteen percent. [Cave] We should return to orbit.
Not exactly. (Torres opens the box to reveal a pyramidical object decorated with er, pyramids.) A pleenok. Vulcans use them to train their infants in primary logic. They're occurring approximately five point nine light years ahead. We're too far away to get a clear reading. Vessels? If it's any consolation, I share your discomfort with social gatherings. Mister Neelix would argue that they improve morale. It produced a level nine shockwave. Possibly. A shockwave is approaching. I'm detecting another. Distance, fifty thousand kilometres. I'm reading another. Distance, twenty six million kilometres. Too far to pose a threat. The warhead destroyed something. What was it? Subspace radiation from the explosions is making it difficult to create a stable warp field. Lieutenant Torres estimates forty eight hours. When we engaged the engines, the warhead must have diverted from its target and locked onto our warp signature. Affirmative. Our torpedoes have been neutralised. I may be able to disarm it with an anti-resonance pulse. Initiating the pulse. Negative.
 Ensign Kim, perhaps you could direct your attention to the sensors, and tell us if we're nearing the Vostigye space station? Confirmed. I am reading a debris field encompassing nearly eighty cubic kilometres. I don't read any recognisable weapons signatures. I am detecting no ships, no structures, no weapons signatures. The anomaly is bearing down on us, heading zero four seven mark one nine. There's damage on deck three. Phasers online. Twenty percent loss of the starboard dorsal shields, and minor buckling of the hull on deck three. The probe has been launched. Apparently some of the matter inside it is being exchanged between space and subspace. The Bussard collectors could be modified to gather plasma particles. Captain, the astral eddy is beginning to dissipate. (It vanishes.) The eddy is moving towards us at a velocity of three hundred kilometres per second.
The light. I know you. You're an impostor. Admiral Janeway visits on Sunday. Today is Thursday. Logic dictates that you are not who you claim to be. I am close to completing my work. It is difficult with so many interruptions. You may stay. The Doctor comes on Wednesdays. Commander Barclay's visits are erratic. (He returns to his writings. Janeway strokes his head then kisses it, and leaves her present - a picture of the senior staff - on his dresser. It is the Season 5 publicity image.)  In the interest of fair play, I should inform you that Mister Kim has never defeated me at Kal-toh. (Icheb places the rod at his first chosen place. The shape does not change.) Kal-toh is as much a game of patience as it is of logic. An experienced player will sometimes take several hours to decide his next move, and in some cases even days may be necessary to (Icheb places a rod.) Congratulations. If you'll excuse me, Ensign. (Tuvok leaves the table.) My loss was the result of another lapse in concentration. As I suspected. My condition is deteriorating. Thank you, Doctor. I will inform her if and when the disorder begins to affect the performance of my duties.  71 53 53 31 71 53 53 31 71 53. Long range sensors have detected no trace. Her disappearance remains a mystery. I am deeply concerned. 53 31 71 53. Her disappearance remains a mystery. I am deeply concerned, deeply concerned. She's never coming back! Her disappearance remains a mystery. I'm deeply concerned. Deeply concerned. [Barclay's office] Holding. I'm detecting a tritanium signature, bearing three four two, mark five five. Possibly.  There's no evidence that the Cube detected us. The Borg wouldn't knowingly risk a collision. The radiation must have interfered with their sensors as well.  I'm detecting nadion discharges on the other side of the rift. It's possible. The signature appears to be Klingon.  There's a vessel coming through the rift. No, Federation. (Admiral Janeway's shuttle flies out.) Captain, a Klingon vessel is coming through. Armour integrity at ninety seven percent. (Three Cubes fire at them.) Integrity holding at ninety percent. Port armour integrity down to fifty percent, forty percent. Of all the Borg's tactical advantages, this could be the most significant.  Your concern is appreciated, Captain, but premature. It will be several years before the symptoms become serious. Until then, the Doctor can manage my condition with medication. It is called a fal-tor-voh, and it requires a mind meld with another Vulcan. None of them are compatible. My sense of logic isn't impaired yet. If we succeed, millions of lives will be saved. To quote Ambassador Spock, the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few. [Cargo Bay two]  Once inside, we'd fire a spread of transphasic torpedoes. If the torpedoes penetrate the shielding, the conduits should begin to collapse in a cascade reaction. In order to avoid the shock wave, we'd have less than ten seconds to exit the hub. Aft armour is down to six percent. The armour is failing.
Perhaps you would care to relinquish your commission and return to the scene of your former triumphs. And it's this attempt which leads to Kes's current predicament? Tactical sensors were not functioning at the time. There is no data regarding the torpedo in question. Acknowledged. Shields down to thirty nine percent, Captain. Commander, they're arming their torpedo launchers again. We cannot sustain another direct hit. Ready, Commander. Do you have any theory as to the cause of these jumps? Fortunately, Mister Neelix, what Kes has been describing is merely one possible future. On each occasion that she jumped to a previous time, her subsequent actions most likely altered the future from that moment on. While I agree it would not be wise for Kes to make all of her experiences public, a report on anything she knows about these Krenim might be useful.
Yes, Captain? Right away. (Tuvok enters.) I don't believe there are any serious concerns, Captain. There is no need to withhold this information any longer. He has been disruptive, and often sets a bad example for the rest of the crew. All systems are functional. We have recently experienced a plasma overload. That could easily account for the anomalous readings in the logs. What are you suggesting? To what end? That's an extremely serious charge. Mister Neelix, I strongly suspect that your enthusiasm for your new journalistic endeavour is leading you to see villains where none exist. However, even the possibility that someone on board might secretly be communicating with the Kazon deserves investigation. I will pursue the matter. I think not. This is now a matter of ship security. I must ask you to withdraw and let me handle it according to Starfleet protocols. And I have the higher obligation to keep you from putting yourself and others at risk. You will drop this matter. When I looked for signal correlation traces, there were none. That means someone placed them in the system after my initial investigation. However, we were unable to ascertain who that person was. That is correct. It was important that his decision to leave the ship appear plausible, so he began behaving like a malcontent. I was the one who recommended to Captain Janeway that you not be told. I suspected that the spy was a Maquis, and felt it was wrong to put you in a position of setting a trap for someone who had once served under you. Perhaps we should take advantage of Mister Neelix's unintentional blunder. We would keep an open comm. link to you at all hours. My security team could act immediately if anything were to happen. On our way. [Kazon shuttle] The doors are sealed. We're working on it, Captain. Are you injured?
The alien warp drive is overloading. We should vacant this area of space at once. His flightpath is erratic. We'd be risking collision. I've extended our warp field around his vessel. His core is powering down. Considering the dangers, this method of travel hardly seems logical. Could this be the cause of his recent behaviour?
Lights strobing at certain frequencies have been known to induce seizures. We should analyse the optical properties of this movie. When was the last time you spoke with Mister Tabor? Lieutenant? He's still alive. Perhaps his forcefield is holding. Run a level five diagnostic on the logs. On my way. [Sickbay] Aye, Captain. [Outside Tabor's quarters]  Security override Tuvok pi alpha. [Tabor's quarters] Crewman Jor. If I'm not mistaken, your quarters are on deck four. I'm afraid he's in no condition to read. You and Tabor were friends. Do you have any idea why someone would want to hurt him? Could you tell me where you were from oh seven hundred to eleven hundred hours this morning? That won't be necessary. Thank you, crewman. [Ready room] I believe that a member of this crew is responsible. I have one suspect. Crewman Jor. Close friends. She had access to his quarters. It is my experience that emotional involvements often lead to unpredictable behaviour. There may be other suspects. I intend to question all crew members who had recent contact with Tabor. I realise that my assumptions seem premature, but I have a strong instinct about this. You might call it a hunch. I can't explain it, Captain, but I can't ignore it either. Someone on board is responsible and I intend to find out who it is. [Engineering] Who discovered him? Nothing conclusive. The assailant must have access to security protocols. There is no other way he could have escaped detection. We can applaud Mister Paris' ingenuity later. What have you Impressive. Can you extrapolate the assailant's height and weight? Is it possible to increase the resolution? Keep me informed. (Tuvok stops and turns to gaze at the images.)  That'll be all, Crewman. Please send in Mister Kim. (The crewman leaves. Kim enters.) I appreciate your efforts, Mister Kim, but I called you here for another reason. In the last datastream from Earth, you received a letter from someone named Dennis Kim. In that letter, he spoke of your mutual friend, Maxwell Saroyan. Yes. As the Chief of Security, I have the authority to suspend those protocols under special circumstances. The attacks began shortly after we received the last datastream. Your letter was part of that transmission. Twenty eight, to be exact, but only six of them matched the physical parameters of the photon displacement. According to the letter, your friend, Mister Saroyan, was killed by the Maquis a number of years ago. Your sarcasm could be viewed as subterfuge. My personal views are irrelevant. This investigation is perplexing. It defies logic. On my way. [Sickbay] How did you revive him? How do you feel? What do you remember? Was anyone in the holodeck with you? Do you know why anyone would want to hurt you? Thank you, Ensign. [Corridor] This is a holy time. Let the mind awaken and focus on the task. My mind to your mind, my thoughts to your thoughts. Captain's log, supplemental. Chakotay and B'Elanna are the latest victims of our mysterious assailant. I've decided to put the ship on a Level ten security alert. Non-essential personnel are confined to quarters, and security teams have been posted on all decks. [Cargo Bay two] It is, however, a pattern, and a pattern implies purpose. We simply have to uncover it. Not yet. Perhaps we should conduct a séance. I have worked meticulously, yet he has outwitted me each time. I can't, but I am. I can almost sense his presence. It's as though he's challenging me to find him. No. My mind is perfectly clear. Captain. [Tuvok's quarters] (Tuvok lights his meditation lamp and kneels on a big cushion. He has sepia visions of the victims in Sickbay, Tabor in the cinema, Yosa in the Jefferies tube, Chakotay. He abandons the meditation and staggers to the bathroom. He remembers Chakotay hitting him, and lifts his tunic to see the big bruise it left. In the mirror, he sees a Bajoran standing behind him.) Computer, isolate the precise time index of this image. Where was Commander Tuvok at that time? By whom? Computer, override those security restrictions. Authorisation Tuvok pi alpha. Computer, based on the most recent data, can you give me a better estimation of the intruder's height? And what is the height of Lieutenant Commander Tuvok? Captain, I believe I (Tuvok sees Teero standing behind Kim and Janeway, and draws his phaser.) No. Who are you? (Janeway takes Tuvok's phaser.) TUVOK: Captain, it would appear that I am the guilty party. I don't know. But for the safety of the crew you must confine me to the brig. [Brig] I hear you. But there is another voice trying to control me. A primal energy charges the blood, an energy of rebirth. It's a Bajoran incantation. The voice is Bajoran. No! No more scans. Leave me alone. Get away from me. The Bajoran. (Janeway steps into Tuvok's line of sight.) I believe I've, I've been attacking certain members of the crew. The Maquis. Then investigating the crimes with no memory of what I'd done. Mind melds. I don't know. He is responsible. What did you do to me? I don't know. I was tending to my duties. I received a letter from my son. I reviewed every letter except my own. Teero. Yes, I remember meeting him. I was undercover, doing reconnaissance on a colony near the Badlands. He was a Vedek at the Bajoran temple there. We spoke briefly. He was interested in Vulcan culture. That's all I remember. I, I was restrained. Very frightened. I can't remember. I can't! (Tuvok curls up in the corner of his cell.) In a laboratory. Underground. [Memory - Teero's lab] (Tuvok is strapped to a table, with blinkies on his forehead.) There is someone. It's him. What do you want? For what? I have been trained to resist mind control. Why? Wait. Please, please, don't. (Teero jabs a pulsing needle into a device on Tuvok's forehead.)TEERO: Pagh'tem'far, b'tanay. [Brig] No! Tuvok to Chakotay. [Astrometrics lab] Pagh'tem'far, b'tanay. This is a holy time. A time of awakening. To give us instructions. To awaken the others. No! You don't control me! [Bridge] Your orders, Captain?  You wished to see me, Captain? A fitting gesture. (Ayala is standing guard.) Awakenings. I'm prepared to mind meld with the remaining Maquis to convey Teero's instructions. It won't happen again. This phaser is defective. My mind to your mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. [Bridge] Stand down. [Brig]  Your weapon. (The guard gives it up. The cell forcefield is lowered.) I am in control again, Captain. I am not familiar with that species. I haven't completed my security rounds. (Chakotay takes his PADD.) How long is this entertainment? Chakotay doubted my loyalty. He wouldn't have given me an active weapon. Call it a hunch.
That's him. British intelligence believes he's been sent here to oversee the occupation of the city. He served with Rommel in North Africa and Schmidt in Poland. He is a formidable military strategist, notorious for his cruelty. The '29? As you wish. Again? Maybe that's her intention. From the beginning, she's been argumentative, and on more than a few occasions she's disobeyed your direct orders. Nevertheless, her behaviour has threatened our identities. Our most recent intelligence shows two German divisions here and here. Forty eight hours. Perhaps it's time we chose another courier. Our baker is arousing suspicion. All messages regarding the war are important. It's only a matter of degree. In any covert battle, logic is a potent weapon. You might try it sometime. The German radio transmitter is housed at their headquarters. A reconnaissance mission. The evidence is increasing. She was present today when our courier was shot down in the street, yet somehow, she was unharmed. And now, on the eve of our liberation, she becomes uncooperative. Understood. Welcome to Sainte Claire.  What is it? Indeed. We've been scruitinising German troop movements since the Occupation. We knew nothing of this installation. He's right. We have weapons hidden throughout the city. Brigitte will tell you where they are. Katrine. You survived. Very. Nazi headquarters was destroyed. We assumed you were killed in the explosion. Have our suspicions been confirmed? Is she a collaborator? Are you certain? Three hours ago you were prepared to put a bullet in her head. In your absence, I may be forced to make that determination for myself. German forces are advancing on our position. Where have you been? (Seven crawls out of the Jefferies tube.) What is this? I don't recognise this programme. Seven, you are a valued member of this crew. The logical response would be to grant his request. Captain? Aye, Captain. Whether it will be acted upon is another question. Unlikely. Twenty more Hirogen have taken up position near the opening. We are outnumbered.
Not to mention a serious drain on Voyager's resources. You're suggesting we reassign fifteen crewmen to modify the Delta Flyer. You do? Bridge to the captain. There is an incoming transmission for the Ambassador.  The racers are moving into position. My weekly security report. There are a few matters we should discuss. How will we track their progress? Later, if that's permissible. [Delta Flyer] Perhaps none of you is to blame. I found this interfaced with her ship's shield generator. I ran an analysis. It's a phase inverter, designed to cause a system overload. From whom? Clearly they pose a security threat. That was a shock wave from an antimatter explosion approximately one point two million kilometres from here.
Impressive. I did not. Intruders? Tuvok to all hands. Intruder alert. Computer, locate any unauthorised personnel aboard Voyager. Isolate them with force fields. [Pathfinder lab] The micro-wormhole is collapsing at a rate of point two percent per second.
As I have told you, Mister Neelix, this is an unnecessary indulgence. I am quite content to eat whatever the rest of the crew is eating. Very well then, thank you. It is rather (cough) piquant. I must point out that if you take the liberty of changing a time-honoured recipe you are hardly presenting a taste of home. Please, enjoy it. (Tuvok leaves. Neelix drinks the soup directly from the bowl.) Then as we suspected, the dense magnesite formations in the planet's crust are blocking our sensors. And what is to prevent us from losing you as well, Commander? Commander, Ensign. Over here. I detect traces of at least five humanoid lifeforms. Evidently they did not enter this cavern alone. [Laboratory]  Strange. According to our last geological scan this cave should continue straight ahead for another eight kilometres. True, Commander, but I do not believe there has been any tectonic activity. I believe this wall is merely an illusion, a disguised force field. Captain, the energy configuration of the force field matrix is virtually identical to those used by the Vidiians. [Bridge] However, it is possible that the same technology that disguises their forcefields, cloaks their ships. Apparently it has been adapted to repulse phaser fire. That was our first thought. But we realised such an attempt would have to be at close range and would carry the risk of alerting the Vidiians to our presence. Of course, timing the transport to the precise moment of an opening would be critical. Precisely. But you should be aware that because we are incapable of scanning beyond the forcefield we will have no way of communicating with whoever transports inside it. Nor will we be able to verify that the transport has been successfully completed. I have done my best to replicate Vidiian attire. I trust it will prove sufficiently convincing. Captain. There's an opening forming in the forcefield. Targeting scanners to match coordinates. Scanners locked.  Captain, the forcefield has been disrupted.
They'll be returned to you when you leave. We'll do our best to accommodate you. If you release her, I promise you won't be harmed. Your vessel was equipped with escape pods. Why didn't you use them? What were their crimes? Affirmative, Captain. The force fields are impenetrable, as are the tritanium bulkheads. In addition to your staff, two Voyager security officers will remain here at all times. Two more will be posted at the entrance to the cargo bay. You'll be allowed to carry them in this area only. If you leave the cargo bay, you'll be asked to surrender them. He is correct. Aye, Captain. Does Iko have a legal means of appeal at his disposal? Tuvok to bridge. The attacking ship is attempting to transport one of the prisoners.  We've neutralised two of the prisoners. [Bridge] Tuvok to bridge. Lock on to Yediq's signature and beam him to
As is their proclivity for criminal behaviour. This morning's security report. There is a second page to the report. There is a third page. I am pleased that you are pleased. If you'll excuse me. There's a power fluctuation in the security grid. (Seven's former colleagues make their way through Jefferies tubes to Cargo Bay two. Janeway is called to the bridge.)CHAKOTAY: All we know is that we've got a security breach. We don't know where. [Cargo Bay two] What's happening?
There are no natural geological phenomena that could be creating this heat source. There was a highly sophisticated forcefield in place. This room is the source of the dilithium signature we detected earlier. The power systems here are running on an unusual dilithium matrix. It would appear not. I would say you are correct, Captain. This appears to be a biological repository. Negative. There is however a Kazon liver, and although I cannot identify the other organs on display here I would say they bear a striking similarity to pulmonary organs, epidermal tissue, ocular nerve fibre They have erected a forcefield with a rotating phase modulation. We will not be able to disrupt it. From what we can tell, it uses a neural resonator to stun the victim, while a quantum imaging begins a microcellular analysis of the entire body. Negative. Captain, may I suggest you consider carefully what you are about to do. I could describe to you in detail the psychological observations I have made about you over the past four years which lead me to conclude you are about to take this ship inside the asteroid. But suffice it to say, I know you quite well. We are still following the ion trail, but electro-magnetic interference is limiting our sensor range. I am only able to scan five hundred metres ahead of us. Sensors detect a large chamber ahead. (The chamber seems to be full of ships.) No, Captain. The walls are emanating severe electro-magnetic interference. I cannot scan them directly. The walls of this chamber reflect directed energy. The phaser beam would ricochet along an unpredictable path, possibly impacting our ship in the process. The phaser would continue to reflect off the bulkheads until it encountered a non-reflective material. Adjusting phaser azimuth to fifteen degrees. They are powering engines. Security, meet me in transporter room three. Proceed, carefully. (Dereth scans Tuvok, then Kes, Janeway, a security guard, then the EMH.)
I must remind you that it is also a potential security risk. I suggest we allow the power to drain. We should take the opportunity to examine it while it is idle. Then we can decide if it is wise to repair it. We're being scanned, Captain. They have erected some kind of subspace defence field around their vessel. Our targeting scanners cannot penetrate it. Negative. Understood. Phasers calibrated. Their field strength is down to eighty percent. Our aft shields are down to fifty three percent and dropping. Down to twenty four percent.  Aft shields have been penetrated. Hull breach on deck six. Environmental control systems are failing. Oxygen levels on decks three through seven have dropped to critical. The robots have powered down their weapon systems. Aft shields are still completely non-functional. In that case I suggest we make warp drive our priority. Any rescue attempt will no doubt necessitate a rapid departure.  Due to the complexity of their defence field and our severe power shortage, it is unlikely that we can modify the transporters to beam Lieutenant Torres out. It would be advisable to create a diversion of some sort to take their attention away from the shuttle. Tuvok to Captain Janeway. I am picking up an unidentified alien ship on long range sensors. It's heading for our co-ordinates. They appear to be manned by automated units virtually identical to those operating the first ship. Captain, this new ship could be Acknowledged. [Bridge]  Rotate your shield harmonics until they are synchronised with the frequency of the field. [Shuttlecraft] Mister Paris, reset your heading for coordinates one zero five [Shuttlecraft] TUVOK  Precisely. The concentration of fire is opening a rift in the Pralor defence field. [Shuttlecraft] Acknowledged. Showing a rift in the defence [Shuttlecraft] TUVOK The ships are continuing to exchange fire, Captain. They are ignoring the shuttle.
No life signs, Captain. I'm broadening the scan. Nothing. He is nowhere in the entire asteroid field. It's no use, Captain. The vacuole is still forming. (Whumph! A body appears on the catwalk.) Take the body to the ship's morgue. The body of an alien female has been left behind.
Perhaps you're experiencing a paradoxical state-dependant associated phenomenon. Captain, there is a ship approaching, bearing two one five mark eight. Their shields are down and their weapon systems are unpowered. I am detecting no threat. Tactical control has been moved to the Ops station. Our weapons systems are charging. Direct hit. They are returning fire. They are not responding to hails. [Engineering]  Shields are down to seventy percent. They are in pursuit. They've suffered damage to their weapon systems and shield emitters. They are moving away. Sensor logs indicate that their weapon systems were not powered. There are many sources of increased tetryon emissions. It may have been an irregularity in their warp field. Aye, Captain. Tuvok to Janeway. There are three ships approaching of the same configuration as the Nasari vessel. The aft shield emitter is offline, phasers are operational, but torpedo launchers are not. I strongly advise against a confrontation. The Nasari vessels will overtake us in two minutes. There is another ship approaching from the third planet. No, but they're on an intercept course and their weapons are fully powered. The unidentified vessel has disabled all the Nasari ships. They are retreating. All of your children are born to alien parents? Are your people at war? I see. That might explain Mister Kim's instinctively hostile reaction to them. Ensign, we're transporting back to the ship. And they've provided him with new knowledge?  All three ships are holding position just outside the Taresian system. Apparently the Nasari only consider Ensign Kim their enemy. Perhaps they would be more receptive to diplomacy if he were not aboard. Captain, sensors indicate a high density polaron grid surrounding the planet. A network of satellites was activated to generate it. Unlikely. The polaric density is too high. Our communications are being blocked. The new configuration is stable. We're disrupting the grid, but we need more speed to overcome the inertial resistance. Captain, the Taresian ship is on an intercept course. The Taresians are in pursuit. Aye, sir. We are no longer being pursued.
Stuff? Impressive. Why would I want to? I require a desk and a bed. Nothing more. No doubt. Our systems are more than adequate. I wait until his own illogic overwhelms him. I'm detecting an unauthorised transmission. Unknown. It's been encoded.  The message is being sent to the Varro ship, segment sixteen.  The transmission has ended. We should form smaller teams to maximise efficiency. Unauthorised use of the mess hall replicator is hardly a felony. Life support was routed to Jefferies tube G thirty three, deck fifteen. Whoever did this encoded the procedure so it wouldn't be detected. [Jefferies tube] Breathable oxygen is confined to this chamber and the area immediately behind this hatch. Stand back.(Tuvok opens the hatch to reveal a young Varro man.) [Varro ship - Tal's cabin] Your entry would have triggered an intruder alert. Continue. Can you be more specific? A trick? On the contrary. We haven't even told them we've found you. Ensign, you are in direct violation of the Captain's orders. Return to Voyager immediately, and bring Derran Tal with you. She's wanted by the Varro authorities regarding an act of sabotage. [Briefing room] Mister Kim's complicity remains to be proven. How will you accomplish that if your vessel is destroyed? Their shields are weakening. Their shields are continuing to weaken. The superstructure will collapse in less than three minutes. However, if an explosion occurs while both ships are inside the field, neither vessel will survive.
I assure you, Commander. I have made thorough preparations for the Captain's safety during her away mission. You, on the other hand, are still adapting to your duties as First Officer. Under the circumstances, I believe my time will be better spent assisting you in your effort to justify the trust the Captain has placed in you. Aye, sir. Ensign Kim, you have been given a direct order. Do as the Commander tells you. Is something wrong, sir? Sir, Captain Janeway's shuttle has gone to warp. Sir? (Chakotay shoots Tuvok. One security guard shoots the helmsman, the other just misses Kim.) That won't be necessary, Captain. I am the author of the programme in question. I'm afraid there's been a misunderstanding. The programme is not a holonovel. It is a tactical training scenario. When you first invited the Maquis to join our crew, I believed that mutiny was a very real possibility. With that in mind, I began to write a training programme for junior security officers to prepare them for such an eventuality. No. As the two crews began to work together, I concluded that the threat of an insurrection was increasingly unlikely. I realised the programme itself might exacerbate the very conflict I sought to avoid. Therefore, I deleted the scenario, or so I believed. Nor her somewhat excessive curiosity. I apologise for my carelessness, Captain. On the contrary, Mister Paris. The programme has the potential to incite animosity among the crew and must be permanently deleted. I have no doubt the captain concurs. As the Captain of this ship, surely you Since the captain insists on allowing you to proceed with this frivolous exercise, I thought you might benefit from the original probability studies I conducted before beginning the scenario. Indeed. I'd be curious to know what you've made up thus far. That is an entirely implausible plot development. Captain Janeway would never behave in such an inhumane manner. Logic is an integral part of narrative structure. According to the Dictates of Poetics by T'hain of Vulcan, a character's actions must flow inexorably from his or her established traits. If you think I will allow you to turn this programme into a parody, you are sorely mistaken. I would hardly call Mister Paris's ideas artistic. We are not writing a romance novel, Lieutenant. I've decided that your efforts would benefit from my collaboration. How surprising. Perhaps we should find someplace quieter to work. I believe our first step should be to create a carefully constructed outline of the remaining chapters. We cannot proceed without a carefully constructed outline. Need I remind you that it was I who first began the scenario? In so many words, yes. And it is my duty to ensure that ship security is not compromised by your creative vision. True, but since that is no longer an option, I am now exercising my prerogative as the original author. Computer, override the EMH program's autonomous controls and transfer him back to Sickbay. You may find that difficult, since I am the only one who can make additions to the programme. That is a very rational decision, Mister Paris. Computer, reinitiate the holographic programme entitled Insurrection Alpha, security clearance Tuvok four seven seven four. Reformat the holo-matrix for the addition of new interactive algorithms. Reopen the narrative parameters file. (The holodeck glitches.) [Bridge] I have no idea. We haven't given the computer instructions to create a location yet. How do you know that? You're a hologram. There is no more programme. Computer, end programme. Holodeck one to Bridge. Emergency transport. She has been dead for over a year now. There would have been no way to predict this turn of events. Apparently she believes we're here to help her retake the ship from the mutineers. You're forgetting it was Seska who rewrote the scenario. For all we know, she's programmed Captain Janeway to betray us. The safest course of action is to avoid participation of any kind. Eventually, the real Captain will discover our predicament and shut down the programme from the outside. We have no intention of participating in this exercise. Are you able to continue? I have an idea. [Holographic Sickbay] I may be able to use some of this holographic equipment to treat your wound. Besides, it's as good a place as any to hide from Seska. Go!  Are you all right, Mister Paris? Your feeble attempt at wit notwithstanding, it does appear that Seska has reprogrammed the holographic crew to torture us. I suggest we avoid meeting any more of them. I concur. [Bridge] Your attempts at humour are hardly constructive, Mister Paris. (He unlocks an internal hatch to reveal a plasma fire.) The controls are jammed. I cannot close the hatch. (A plasma fire extinguisher appears.) That is an intriguing question. I prefer a more optimistic interpretation. It is possible our shipmates outside the holodeck have learned of our predicament and have found a way to help us by making additions to the programme, such as that plasma extinguisher. I would imagine Seska has made it very difficult for anyone to implement more than minor changes. We must follow their instructions. (But when they try to exit the Jefferies tube system.) If I'm not mistaken, the Chakotay hologram is undergoing some sort of character change. Don't listen to her, Commander. You've taken the ship. There is no need to add murder to your list of offences. Don't move, Seska. That is a rather bold statement for someone in your position. Computer, belay that order, authorisation Tuvok four seven seven four. I have set this phaser to kill. If you do not deactivate the self-destruct sequence, I will fire. Do what she says. That's an order, Mister Paris. Seska's not the only one who knows how to cause a phaser malfunction. I must say, Captain. Causing the alien ship to come to our aid was a very effective plot development. Mister Neelix, if Mister Paris and I do create another work of holo-fiction, I assure you we will choose a subject much less close to home.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
These burns are consistent with a type-three phaser. (Down by the lake, Seven finds a weapon wedged in a tree. It has blood on it.) Replicated Starfleet technology. There appear to be holo-emitters installed throughout the facility. I am not certain. Bridge to Captain Janeway. We're picking up a Hirogen ship. It's on an intercept course. [Bridge] (The Hirogen ship attacks the larger Voyager.) Shields at sixty eight percent. Should I return fire? Shields at fifty two percent. Their phaser banks have been disabled. We have reservations about an alliance with the hunters. The Hirogen have been performing covert scans of Voyager. They are obviously trying to determine the status of our shields and weapons. : It has been necessary for our survival. I'm not detecting any weapons, Captain. No, they're non-existent. They've suffered multiple hull breaches. Their life support is failing. Another Hirogen ship has just dropped out of warp.  Reactivating shields.  There's a ship approaching at high warp. I'm reading holographic signatures. They are dropping out of warp. There's no way to be certain what they'll do with the technology if we give it to them. Could we restore them to their original parameters? Go ahead. [Mess hall] On my way. (The Beta is holding Neelix hostage.) Acknowledged. [Mess hall]  Stand down. (Tuvok shoots at two Hirogen, hurting them. Then he goes to the Beta.) Step away. [Bridge] I believe I can answer that. According to sensor logs, they calibrated their feedback surge to the exact inverse of our pulse frequency. He sent an encrypted transmission from Sickbay, then transported himself to their ship. How do you propose we reach this wake without being discovered? Even if we succeeded, which is far from certain, Voyager's in no condition to fight one of their vessels. Much less two. I don't believe so. [Iden's ship - Bridge] Their shields are weakening. I can't target them through the gases. Our shields have been damaged. They won't protect us from the radiation.  Their shields are down. The radiation's making it difficult to get a lock. [Planet surface] I have a lock. Five Hirogen lifesigns and the Doctor.
Thank you, Captain. Had I known this commendation entailed ritual humiliation, I might have declined. However, I accept it with gratitude and will honour the responsibility that comes with it. During my three years on Voyager I have grown to respect a great many of you. Others I have learned to tolerate. As your Tactical Officer, I will continue to do my best to ensure a safe passage home. As a Vulcan, I share the following sentiment. Live long and prosper.
Captain, we may have another problem. If we continue to go into transporter suspension, some of us may not survive. Given the frequency of patrols in that area, it's likely we'll be stopped at least once.  I'm detecting a vessel, three hundred thousand kilometres and closing. The signature is Devore. A Devore warship. Your data is useful, but it doesn't guarantee our success. He might be telling the truth, but he also might be using us to find the wormhole. Perhaps we can replicate it. No response. He's deactivated his communication system. Ten seconds. Five, four, three, two. (The pulse passes through Voyager.)KASHYK: We weren't detected. The array has released another pulse. Twenty eight seconds. [Engineering]  Twenty seconds.  Fifteen seconds. Ten seconds. Four, three two. Negative. I've devised a new shield modulation which should protect us against their weapons. Time to intercept.  Our course will put us just outside the Teharan system by the time the warships arrive. I'll be on the bridge. Your efforts have been greatly appreciated. Live long and prosper.
It is not a virus. In the Doctor's database, you'll find a medication under file theta twelve alpha. Please, replicate it immediately. If you must know, I am suffering from a neurochemical imbalance. It is native to my species. My pon farr is in the early stages. The urges are still controllable. Unlike in humans, the Vulcan libido increases with time. The Doctor anticipated my needs and developed a treatment. Combined with meditation, it will enable me to control the symptoms. She will want to know why. Thank you, Lieutenant. [Lokirrim ship - Detention cell] Can you increase the dosage? I'll make the best of the situation until he returns. I am a married man. Is that what you tell your wife? T'Pel, my wife. From you I receive all that I am. Two bodies, one mind.(They stroke fingers, then neck-nuzzle.) [Bridge]  Still no sign of the Flyer's warp signature. Under the circumstances, abandoning my post would be a dereliction of duty. My illness is still in the early stages. I can control it. I don't smell anything. We're receiving a hail. It's the Delta Flyer. They've repaired their forward phasers. Ready. Direct hit.  They're raising shields.  They've broken free.  Their shields are down. I have a lock. I have fully recovered. Thank you for your assistance. Not exactly. My wife's ears are four millimetres shorter than your facsimile's. The hologram was adequate, but no substitute for my wife.
Captain, you are needed on the bridge.  We are ready to depart. However, Commander Chakotay has still not returned. More than six hours ago. Captain, I am detecting an ion trail leading away from this location. The signature of the radiation is not consistent with Federation propulsion systems.  Captain, the ion trail is beginning to dissipate. From the dispersal pattern of the debris, we've been able to extrapolate Chakotay's course prior to the explosion. It appears he was heading for an M-class moon in this system. We tried to scan the surface, but there is intense radiothermic interference. As you wish, Captain, but I must point out that due to radiothermic interference, we will not be able to communicate with the ship.  Captain, four life forms approaching. Forty metres. They appear to be Kazon.  The signal seems to be coming from some caves approximately forty metres ahead. I would beg to differ. Based on these readings, that way would seem the logical choice. We could try remodulating the phasers to a higher frequency output.
I am picking up a vessel. Unless I am mistaken, Captain, the warp signature is Starfleet. (It is a sleek silver Delta wing.) Hailing them. No response. Wow indeed. USS Dauntless. Registry NX-01A. Launch Date 51472. I'm trying to access the crew logs but there are none. It appears that Starfleet has provided us with a new ship. Quantum slipstream. Fascinating. Can you make it stop? No sign of them. Commander, we've travelled over fifteen light years. Captain's log, supplemental. After two days at high warp, we've rendezvoused with the Dauntless. Arturis has helped us reconstruct most of the Starfleet message. The pieces of this puzzle are finally coming together. [Briefing room] ADMIRAL She has a point. This would mean leaving Voyager behind. Indeed. Perhaps my mental discipline is rubbing off on you. I share your concern about the crew's safety. We must take every precaution. Captain? It does seem convenient. It started when Arturis boarded Voyager. Understood. Tuvok here. I'll be right there. [Astrometrics] Yes, Captain.  On the Dauntless bridge, working with Lieutenant Torres.  Understood. [Corridor] I'm having trouble controlling the field parameters. I need more power to the deflector.  Deflector at maximum. I'm focusing the quantum field. Is there any way to increase our speed?
I have other plans. There's a micro-nebula approximately one point six light years from here on the verge of collapse. Why is that remarkable? Did you find the silence awkward? Nor did I. Distance? Hail them. Tuvok to Voyager. It's an explosive device of some sort. I'll try to disarm it. (But there is a forcefield around it. It goes off.) {Tsunkatse living quarters] (Seven wakes up lying on a bunk. The next voice you hear will sound very familiar. It is Jeffrey Combs, aka Do not comply. My condition is not severe. (He has nasty burns.) Both the dampening field and the shielding of this vessel are tetryon-based, but without access to the control interface I can't disable either. Your training? Are you adequately prepared? That troubles you? Is the idea of losing your own life for the entertainment of others more palatable? As a drone, you took many lives. You're worried you won't have the strength to accomplish the task on your own. Do whatever it takes to survive. [Tsunkatse combat pit] Go ahead, Commander.  She's being forced to fight to the death. I believe they're on the uppermost deck. [Bridge] I thought you might require assistance. I realise we share an affinity for silences, but in this instance I feel compelled to speak. If you hadn't offered to take my place in the arena, it's likely I would have been killed. Still, I owe you a debt of gratitude. Have you fully recovered? I wasn't referring to your physical condition. But you overpowered him. Given the circumstances, your behaviour was understandable. You're experiencing difficult emotions. Then you haven't lost your humanity. You have reaffirmed it. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
You have just come into comm. range, Commander. Aye Captain. We're on our way. Voyager to Sacajawea. We will rendezvous with you in approximately four minutes.  Good to have you back, Captain. To my knowledge, we did not. You and the Commander were checked by the Doctor, who treated your injuries, and you proceeded here to the bridge. Voyager to Sacajawea, do you read us? We're in orbit, Commander. We've located you but transporters won't function in the storm. A shuttle is on its way to the surface now. The away team should be with you in minutes. It is possible that in your distress over the Captain's death you imagined that you were aware of her. Commander, I suggest I work with Kes. I may be able to help her increase the range of her perceptions.  Let us try one more time. Open yourself to the impressions around you, The thoughts, the minds that are on this ship. All the minds that are on this ship. They are a turbulent storm, and you are the one who must rise above the tempest, to a place that is quiet. You must lift yourself from the confusion of the storm. soar into the quiet space among the stars where everything is still. Is there a voice that you can hear? A single voice isolated in the stillness? There are only two beings in the void. you and Captain Janeway. Nothing else exists that can interfere. Can you hear her voice, however faintly? Is there anything? Any presence in the void with you? Now I am with you, moving through the quiet space. My thoughts join with yours, extending the range of the search. Nor am I. We've been trying for three days without success. Nor have Lieutenant Torres and Ensign Kim found any indication that the Captain is alive. There is a point at which we must accept the inevitability of her death. Tactical officer's log, supplemental. My attempt to help Kes detect the Captain's presence has ended in failure. I am forced to conclude that we have, in fact, lost Kathryn Janeway. I would like the record to show that I have lost a good friend as well as one whom I can never replace. But the entity is still inhabiting her cerebral cortex, impeding your treatment. As he was doing so we detected an alien presence within your cerebral cortex. It appeared to be preventing our attempts to heal you. He?
I have reprogrammed the phaser banks to a rotating modulation, but I suspect a Borg vessel will adapt quickly. Unsettled. and uncertain. Over the past two hours, she has experienced several telepathic visions about the death of Borg and the destruction of Voyager. Possibly.  Turbulence is increasing. They're in visual range. The last Cube has rejoined the others. Captain Janeway to the bridge. [Bridge] The power signatures of those Borg vessels have terminated. Unknown. Captain, I'm detecting two residual weapons signatures in the debris. One is Borg, the other is of unknown origin. There are none. No response. No effect. Affirmative. There are still Borg lifesigns, but they're unstable. Lower your phasers. If we don't appear threatening, they should ignore us. Curious. Those bodies are reminiscent of one of the premonitions Kes described. This Borg is attempting to assimilate it. Starfleet has encountered species that use organic-based vessels. The Breen, for example. Maybe an energy source. This damage was caused by a Borg disrupter beam. The wall appears to be regenerating itself. Commander! (Tuvok discovers a Borg being absorbed by the wall. Kim finishes the download, then a Borg walks past him. More clanging for Kim to investigate. On Voyager, Kes has a vision of Kim screaming.) [Sickbay] (Kes drops the tray she is carrying.) Perhaps the pilot has returned. Over the past five months, the Borg have been attacked by them on at least a dozen occasions. Each time, the Borg were defeated swiftly. I'm picking up one hundred and thirty three bioships. More are appearing. They seem to be coming from a quantum singularity. What makes you think the Borg won't attempt to take the information by assimilating Voyager and its crew.  There are three planets in this system. Inhabitants, all Borg. A vessel is approaching. They're hailing us. They've locked onto us with a tractor beam. A quantum singularity has appeared twenty thousand kilometres away. The bioship is heading directly toward the planet. Not yet. We're being hailed. Understood. May I ask where we're being taken? These are my tricorder readings of the bioship we examined. I believe you will find them most revealing. Yes. Many of the cellular structures are identical. Apparently so. [Borg Chamber] What are you doing? On the contrary. We work better with our individuality intact. Surely, we've proven that to you by now. We could encase the nanoprobes in some of our photon torpedoes. In essence, turn them into biomolecular warheads. I take that as a yes. (Seven leads them to a computer monitor.) An explosion that size could affect an entire star system. We'd need approximately fifty trillion nanoprobes to arm this mine. It would take the Doctor several weeks to replicate that amount. You are losing this conflict. Are you willing to risk further delay? How did you obtain this information? Naturally. [Sickbay] (The EMH is scanning Kes.) Voyager has taken heavy damage. Tuvok to Chakotay. (Tuvok sounds rough.) I'm in Cargo Bay two [Cargo Bay Two] Along with the Captain and a number of Borg. [Bridge] We were beamed over just before impact. We require assistance. But they've gone no further. I suggest we increase security around Sickbay as well. We're ready to construct a prototype. And you, Kes? Before we beamed out, an alien energy discharge struck very near the Captain. Aye, sir. Shall I resume working with them? I must caution you, Commander. The Borg may not go quietly. Decompression cycle complete. Commander, a single Borg has survived. We appear to have crossed an interdimensional rift. Which is precisely what you wanted. So instead of assimilating these aliens you opened a door for them to our galaxy. Biomolecular weapons are ready. Thirteen standard photon torpedoes. And one class ten, armed with a high yield warhead. Rerouting emergency power to the launchers. Biomolecular warheads are charged and ready. Direct hit on all four vessels. No effect. The nanoprobes were successful, if not prompt. All four ships have been destroyed. Ready, Captain. Thirteen bioships have been destroyed. The others are in retreat. Her connection to the Collective is severed.
Commander, there's something over here I think you should see. There have been other visitors to this moon recently. What is your basis for that conclusion, Commander? Might the transporter beam itself be causing an electrostatic charge in the atmosphere?  Once again, the storm seems to have formed as a direct result of our interaction with the atmosphere. The meteorological conditions changed radically when we began our entry sequence. We are not making any progress locating the source of that unusual power reading, Commander. It appears to be a rare variety of Cypripedium, of the Asiatic genus Paphiopedilum. In fact, I am, or more accurately I was, a breeder of prize Vulcan orchids. Commander. (He has found an elegant curved structure that looks like it is made of wood, and some hi-tech pieces of equipment nearby.) [Sickbay] (The EMH's nose is bunged up and he is starting to lose his voice.) Commander? May I remind the Commander that Starfleet protocol demands that away teams remain armed and ready to defend themselves until contact is made. As we have not yet established the inhabitants' intentions, it would not be a logical course of action. Would you at least permit me to advise the Captain to move the ship into a stronger tactical position? For the record, I must take exception to these orders. I have no explanation, Commander. There is no storm activity indicated. We will never make it. Away team to Voyager. Emergency beam out. (Chakotay's comm. badge, which had fallen off his uniform, is also beamed away.) [Bridge] Just before the storm, he was using it to speak with you, Captain. I believe we have seen enough to discern a pattern, Captain. The logical conclusion is that someone is controlling the elements of nature to ward us off. The transporter anomaly is evidence of this conclusion. We are allowed to leave the planet, but not to approach. It is conceivable that the aliens have been able to intensify their response now that they are familiar with our capabilities. It appears the inhabitants of this planet have decided to make contact, Captain. The cloaking device has been turned off and we are showing an alien population. I have located the shuttle. It may be possible to locate Commander Chakotay without landing. Commander? Four to beam up, Voyager.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I am picking up an M-class atmosphere on the second planet, humanoid life signs. However, metallurgic analysis indicates a pre-industrial civilisation, a Bronze Age level of technology. Curious, Captain. I'm detecting evidence that these people have had contact with the Alpha Quadrant. It is a modulated energy discharge that appears to be consistent with the recent use of a replicator. According to Starfleet computer records, approximately seven years ago, the Federation Starship Enterprise hosted negotiations for ownership of the  Barzan wormhole. Included among the bidding parties were two Ferengi, minor functionaries known as Arridor and Kol. But the Ferengi were not aware of that, and during a nefarious attempt to secure the wormhole for themselves, they were pulled into it and deposited in the Delta Quadrant. Captain, I must remind you that the Ferengi are not members of the Federation. They are not bound by the Prime Directive. Nor would it seem that the Prime Directive would allow us to interfere with the internal affairs of this society, as much as we may disapprove of what the Ferengi are doing. That is a most logical interpretation, Captain. [Vault] (A secure room within the Temple. Arridor is counting coins, while Kol is getting oo-mox from two of the ladies.) We have been bombarding a local subspace instability with verteron particles. If all goes according to plan, the Barzan wormhole should reopen at out present location in a matter of hours. Then we must find a way to make it more profitable for them to leave. Captain, I am still unable to penetrate the Ferengi dampening field. If the away team experiences difficulties, we will be unable to beam them out.  We still can not establish a transporter lock, Captain. Shield are optimal. Go ahead, Doctor. [Sickbay] Captain, security has been breached in the shuttle bay. The Ferengi have phasered the shuttle bay door. They are exiting the ship. The Ferengi are hailing us, Captain. Captain, a gravitational eddy from the wormhole is attracting the Ferengi shuttle. They're being pulled in. [Ferengi shuttle]
If we instruct the probe to emit a polaron burst it could disrupt the tractor beam. The beam has been disabled. The Malon are in pursuit. Captain, the atmospheric pressure will crush it. The probe is entering the giant's upper atmosphere, and the Malon vessel is following it in. (After the Malon freighter vanishes into the cloud layers, something goes KaBOOM.) [Briefing room] Perhaps you weren't paying attention when the Malon freighter imploded. My shield designs could be successfully applied to a vessel of this size. Computer, delete dynametric tail fins. We are not designing a hot rod, Lieutenant. Your embellishments are purely decorative. They serve no practical purpose. Agreed. It's reasonable to assume they're waiting for us to retrieve the probe, at which time they'll attempt to steal it again. That appears to be a small ship. Theoretically, such a ship would be capable of withstanding extreme atmospheric pressures. Proposing the same flawed strategy over and over again will not me it more effective, Ensign. Mister Paris, that is perhaps the most illogical statement you've ever made. Unless we find a way to reconfigure the structural integrity field the hull will incur microfractures during descent. And if we do, I suppose these useless design elements from your Captain Proton scenario will compensate for the problem. And completely superfluous. I believe they're attempting to distract us, Commander, while they launch their new shuttlecraft. (And away it flies, into the gas giant.) The Malon vessel is forty two thousand kilometres from the probe, and closing.  The Delta Flyer is away, Captain. At present velocity, approximately three minutes. [Delta Flyer]  The Delta Flyer has docked.
 I am picking up communication satellites in orbit. They're nonfunctional. Indications are that any attempt at an evacuation would have been prevented by the atmospheric disturbances. Approximately four hundred thousand. No weapons of any kind, Captain. It is safe to transport the hibernation pods to Voyager, if that is your intent. Perhaps it has malfunctioned. They know the system. Why don't we ask them how to proceed? We already have a means of communication. The two unoccupied pods. Someone is terminating the recall command from inside the system. [Fantasy land] (It is Kim.) Fear is the most primitive, the most primordial of biological responses. Captain, the longer we allow this to continue, the more likely it is that he will take his frustrations out on the hostages. Then perhaps he had another reason for saying it.
According to the ship's chronometer, by twenty two seconds. An asteroid approximately two light years from here. I'm reading artificial structures. It's a colony of some kind. None. One. A Cube at the edge of this system. There is another possibility. A Vulcan technique known as the bridging of minds. I would need to initiate a mind meld with both you and Seven, acting as a telepathic conduit. Minds. Never. Nothing is certain, Doctor. However, I once observed a Vulcan master perform the technique. I am reasonably confident I can duplicate his success. As always, your logic is impeccable. We're ready, Captain. As the conduit, I'll be aware of both your perceptions. If something goes wrong, I'll break the meld. Your minds to my mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. Your minds to my mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. [Forest] Starfleet Tactical Directive thirty six. The captain will not engage a hostile force without the protection of a security officer. The probability of success is greater if there are two of us.  We're in visual range. Voyager has sustained damage, but they are continuing their assault. One of the Cube's shield grids is fluctuating. Ventral axis, secondary emitter. Still fluctuating at a rate of point zero six terahertz. Aye. [Bridge]  Lieutenant. You've been given a subvocal processor. We were separated. I don't know where they took her. We must proceed to the central plexus. (Janeway is having a final node inserted into her brain.) [Bridge] I will attempt to deactivate him. (Tuvok reaches to do a neck pinch, and the drone turns around.)TUVOK: Captain. I can hear the Collective. I'll be all right. [Borg Queen's Chamber] Stardate 38774. Vulcanis lunar colony. The time and place of my birth. Recalling the details of my life helps me remain focused. Captain, if I succumb to the Collective, I will pose a security risk. You must be prepared to deactivate me.  Don't resist. [Bridge] 
Judging from the residual gamma radiation, it appears they've suffered numerous Borg attacks over the past decade. He is not in the settlement. It's the conduit. By my estimate, a Borg vessel will emerge in less than forty seconds. Thirty seconds. The conduit's opening. Twenty seconds. Ten seconds, nine, eight. Seven. Five. Three, two, one. Phasers targeted. No effect. That will occur in approximately twenty seconds. However, Voyager will be inside less than three seconds later. The Borg vessel has taken heavy damage. They are not pursuing. [Sickbay]
Perhaps an armed security detail. Acknowledged. We're nearing her position. (When they arrive, Seven is sitting, hugging her knees. She uses a little girl voice.)TUVOK: Seven? Who are you? Computer, deactivate forcefield. Give me the phaser. (She does, and he deactivates it before handing it to his colleague. Seven hears the voices again. She stands.) Maryl? Yes. Please accompany me to Sickbay. Keep moving.(Seven turns to attack him, and he stuns her.) [Sickbay] You have no recollection of a confrontation with B'Elanna? You also attacked Lieutenant Torres. She told us you called yourself Son of K'vok and that you initiated a Klingon mating ritual. The signal appears to be emanating from the Borg debris field we discovered this morning. None. Bringing chaos to order. I'm refocusing the dampening field. The Vinculum is rerouting its internal circuitry. It's adapting. [Sickbay]  Stand by, Doctor. Power output at ninety eight percent. (Bang!) The forcefield is collapsing. It won't work, Lieutenant. We must abort. Tuvok to bridge. [Bridge] TUVOK Lieutenant Torres is taking measures to prevent the Vinculum from adapting, but there's no guarantee she'll succeed. Then logic dictates we go beyond medical science. I will attempt to mind meld with Seven of Nine. Seven's neural pattern, her sense of self, is immersed in chaos. I will attempt to isolate her true self and guide it to the surface. The risk is mine to take. I believe it is, Captain. I will require two hours of meditation. You will do nothing. There will undoubtedly be many signs of trouble. You must have faith in my ability to endure them. Your concerns have been noted, Doctor. Computer, deactivate forcefield. My mind to your mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. Your mind to my mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. My mind to your mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. My mind to your mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. [Meld] Seven? Seven! [Engineering]  Seven. (Tuvok and Seven are on opposite sides of the void.) [Engineering]  Seven. Seven. Seven. [Engineering]
We're being [Bridge] Pulled off course. I'm not certain. It appears to be some kind of graviton surge. [Mess hall] No effect. (Voyager heads into the eye of a space-storm.) [Mess hall] (There is a massive lurch. Tables overturn and glassware goes flying. Everyone picks themselves up from the deck.)  Shields at sixty five percent. The Vaadwaur ship is retreating. They've penetrated our aft shields. There are more than one hundred fifty ships within scanning range. But I'm only detecting lifesigns on twenty nine of them. They're at twenty eight percent. Have you explored the entire anomaly? I might be able to reinforce the shields to compensate. Structural integrity at twenty percent. Ten percent. The shuttle would be too easy a target. We should do it quickly. I've detected a number of vessels monitoring us.  The vessel's in visual range. No lifesigns. Aye, Captain. Acknowledged. We think we know who has our deuterium. Logic suggests we may have to be more opportunistic if we intend to survive. Captain? As you've pointed out, the people we've encountered in this void are thieves and killers. Such individuals are hardly ideal allies. Forgive me, Captain, but why would anyone who has survived by killing and stealing suddenly agree to those terms? Everyone in the Alliance must agree not to launch unprovoked attacks. Senior officers report to stations immediately. Two warships are approaching it. One of them is Valen's. (Valen opens fire on the newcomer.) Shields at sixty percent Shields on Valen's lead ship are holding at eighty percent. It appears he's upgraded them since we last met. Thirty. Shields at fifteen percent  We should retreat, Captain. We may not have to. The third vessel belongs to Mister Garon. He's firing at the other two. Valen's shields are down. The smaller ship is leaking plasma. How's your patient? An ingenious method of communication. Tell him I'm pleased he's feeling better. You are not authorised to be in here. By spying on restricted meetings? You've bypassed my security measures. Which is why you shouldn't be spying on them. I'm afraid not. It appears Commander Bosaal is attempting to form an alliance of his own with one of our adversaries. The rest of their conversation suggests they will attack within the next forty eight hours. Our power reserves will be severely depleted if we're forced to defend ourselves. Bosaal and his fleet are approaching. They are charging weapons. We've penetrated shields on both vessels.  Confirmed. Bosaal's ship has lost power as well. Structural integrity at thirty percent Twenty percent, ten percent.
What do we know about this species? It's a small vessel, fifteen lifeforms aboard. Low warp capacity, limited armaments. They pose no threat. They are in retreat. Tracking it's origin. A vessel near the Zahl homeworld. It appears to be a massive build-up of temporal energy. Some kind of space-time shock wave. Shields at seventy percent. The Krenim are firing again. We're being hailed. They are charging weapons. Three seconds to impact. Their weapons are chronoton based. They're penetrating our shields because they're in a state of temporal flux. Fifteen wounded. Main power is down. We've lost environmental control on decks seven and eight. The computer is offline. Weapons are down. My attempt to modify the shielding was unsuccessful. Eleven. Aye, Captain.  Torpedoes armed and ready. Reports are coming in. Twelve wounded, many of them critically. The Doctor is setting up a triage facility in the mess hall. Two crew members were killed in the breach. Tuvok here. Do not attempt to disarm it. Hold your position and wait for my arrival. Is that clear?  If we attempt to dislodge the torpedo or move it with the transporters, it will most likely detonate. No. The warhead is already destabilising. I estimate it will explode in less than two minutes. If we re-route emergency power to this junction and erect a level ten force field it should be enough to contain the explosion. We must hurry. There is no time. I am giving you an order. Now! Excellent work, but if you disobey my orders again I will be forced to (The torpedo explodes. Tuvok shields Seven with his body as the flames rush down the Jefferies tube. Now we know why Kes is being ignored. It is so Seven can take the credit for saving the ship.) Day 65 Captain's log, stardate 51268.4. This morning's attack destroyed the power grid on deck eleven. No casualties this time, but the replicator system was badly damaged. We've gone to emergency rations. As a result, the situation has gotten a little worse. Environmental controls continue to fail. Seven decks have been rendered uninhabitable and we've had to relocate the crew. Quarters are close, nerves are frayed, and I'm not sure what's more difficult to maintain. Voyager's systems or the crew's morale. What's important is that we're together, working toward a single goal. Survival. [Bridge] (Chakotay holds out a pocket watch. He is growing a moustache and beard.)  Enter. What is our agenda? Excellent. A minor laceration. There are some tasks I would rather perform myself. Shaving is hardly a life-threatening activity. Tell me about your inspiration. Fascinating. When will the deflectors be ready? Then our rounds can wait. Take me to deflector control. [Corridor] (Tuvok holds Seven's arm as she leads the blind Vulcan along the corridor.) A friend of yours? In what way? Indeed. I have found that most humans are less than meticulous when it comes to their domestic habits. You may. Intruder alert will suffice. And you believe you have difficulties. Go to deflector control and bring the new shields online. We will test them in battle. [Bridge] (The bridge is now messier than a teenager's bedroom, with huge chunks of superstructure hanging down. Tuvok feels his way to his station.)  Computer, activate tactile interface. Phasers are still online. Torpedo launchers are still inoperative. Seven's modified temporal shields should be online in a moment. Temporal shields are holding. No damage. Channel open. No response.  Captain, the Krenim warship is in pursuit, but their weapons are not powered. You were correct, Captain. The temporal shielding has protected us. The wave front has passed. We're being hailed. Captain, I must remind you our structural integrity is still impaired. If we go to warp now, the damage to Voyager will be extreme. We're losing the outer hull. Transverse bulkheads are holding. (Pieces of hull fly off into the camera.) Day 73 [Mess hall] (The whole crew is gathered. That is not a lot of people.) Interesting.  It is inappropriate to contradict the captain in front of the crew. In your view. Then you should also know that my trust in Captain Janeway is absolute. The decision you or I might have made is irrelevant. Remember this guideline. The captain is always right. Perhaps. Day 161 [Krenim Timeship - Bridge] None available. Captain. That entire section has been designated hazard level four. Activating deflector field. Bridge to Janeway. Captain, please respond.(Janeway is unconscious, and badly burnt.) [Mess hall] Location? Given Voyager's damaged state, the probability of your surviving an armed conflict is marginal. Curious. I have never understood the human compulsion to emotionally bond with inanimate objects. This vessel has done nothing. It is an assemblage of bulkheads, conduits, tritanium. Nothing more. I respect your decision. Live long and prosper, Captain. (Tuvok raises his hand in Vulcan salute. Janeway strokes his face.) Go ahead, Captain. Confirmed. All vessels are bringing them online. Captain, we won't be protected. A vessel is approaching off the port bow, Captain.
Commander, I am picking up a distress call on one of the upper subspace bands. A small spacecraft. No weapon systems. One life form aboard. Extremely weak life signs. Preliminary scans show no other Vidiian ships in this sector. It is unlikely that this is a trap. Yes, Captain.
That kind of bonding should improve performance and maximise efficiency. The vessel is altering it's course to intercept us. Respite? Indeed. Since they've already said no, this kind of thinking is only going to make you feel worse. Captain, it occurs to me that we know little about the Sikarians. We cannot assume that their first refusal is unalterable. It may be that no is simply a prelude to negotiation. He may simply want us to believe that so we would deal with him. You would seem to have two options. Continue to negotiate with a man who may have a hidden agenda, or deal with a man who is willing to defy his own laws. At least if you deal with Jaret, it is his law that is being compromised, not ours. I believe the first thing you must do is determine whether Gath is willing to use the trajector to help us. If that possibility exists at all, you must explore it. I assume that means Gath will not be assisting us. Are you considering Jaret's offer? I altered the security sub-routines. Any attempt to over-ride the lock out would have alerted me to your presence here. Is this Voyager's library which you intended to trade for the trajector technology? When I attempted to download it, I noticed it had already been accessed. I will make the exchange with Jaret Otel. Return to your stations. Do what you can to prepare the ship for the matrix. Energise. [Bridge] Do not attempt to activate the device until I've spoken to Captain Janeway. (Tuvok leaves. Seska takes the device from Torres.) Lieutenant Torres is not precisely correct, Captain. She was not the senior officer involved, I was. It was I who made the exchange. The Federation Library for the trajector matrix. It is quite simple, Captain. You have made it clear on many occasions that your highest goal for the crew is to get them home. But in this instance, your standards would not allow you to violate Sikarian law. Someone had to spare you the ethical dilemma. I was the logical choice, and so I chose to act. I accept the consequences of my actions. I expect to loose my commission and to be court-martialled when we return to Federation space. You have my word. My logic was not in error, but I was.
Is this really necessary? Very well. Live long and prosper. (Applause.) Vulcans do not dance. There is no tradition, Mister Neelix. This ceremony is entirely your invention. We are not detecting any vessels. I am trying to concentrate on the shields, Mister Neelix. That's absurd. Vulcans don't experience fear. Then I suggest you find a more productive hobby. I've localised the lifesigns, bearing one zero eight mark twenty six. They appear to be inside a large asteroid. A thermalyte explosive, thirty point six kilometres to port. I'm detecting another projectile heading directly toward us. Evasive The surface is covered with craters, ice fields. I regret that you didn't have a more fulfilling experience. You know him?  You wanted to see me. They would be vulnerable anywhere. Frankly, Mister Neelix, they don't seem inclined to defend themselves. But if they were going to make a stand, their emotional attachment to their present home might be an asset. I'm speaking hypothetically. To begin with they would need to establish some kind of perimeter. Yes. The miners are monitoring the asteroid. If they detected the Talaxians erecting a shield, they would attempt to stop them. Your people would need competent leadership to defend against a pre-emptive attack. Certainly not. It would be a violation of the Prime Directive. And even if it weren't, I don't believe that I am the person most qualified to assume that role. I am merely speaking hypothetically. On the contrary, Mister Neelix. You are much more than that. You are perhaps the most resourceful individual I have ever known. You do have some annoying habits. However, during your time on Voyager you've developed many valuable skills. Skills that would serve you well if you ever decided to assume a leadership role. Let me be clear. I'm not urging you to do anything. I'm simply telling you that I believe that you are more than capable. [Corridor] Mister Neelix. (Tuvok does a sort of one shoe shuffle.) TUVOK: Live long, and prosper. (Neelix resists the urge to hug him, and goes into the shuttlebay) [Dexa's quarters] (Neelix enters and puts down his bag. Brax rushes to hug him, then Dexa joins the embrace.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I've detected a sudden increase in theta radiation in the vicinity. Unknown. Noted. No. I come here to meditate. Needless to say, the view from my quarters has been less than stellar lately. Yes. I imagine that each star represents a single thought. Indeed it does. Another time, perhaps. (The console beeps.) What is it? Source? Relax, Ensign. Anything to report? Too many, in fact. Switch to auxiliary. On screen. Do we have the power to launch a photon torpedo? Perhaps we could shed some light on our predicament. I'm reconfiguring the torpedo to emit a sustained polyluminous burst. Precisely. [Holodeck - Proton's ship]  Torpedo reconfigured. Away. (It lights up three ships.) [Engineering] Raising shields. [Engineering] The dampening field has been blocked, Captain. We are surrounded by three alien vessels. [Bridge]  Seventeen intruders are on board. [Engineering] Shields down to sixty four percent.  Shields are down. On screen. I'm Lieutenant Commander Tuvok of the Federation. (Their saviour is a round-faced humanoid with widely spaced nostrils.) Of course. The biofilters are detecting high levels of theta radiation. (Emck solidifies.) What do you mean? A first. Proceed. She believes that she made an error in judgment four years ago. That she's responsible for stranding Voyager in the Delta Quadrant. No. I've been observing her behaviour for the past four years. Guilt has been her constant companion. Only once. It was during her first year as a Commander on the USS Billings. She sent an away team to survey a volcanic moon. Their shuttle was damaged by a magma eruption and three crew members were severely injured. The next day she returned to the moon alone to complete the survey. She wanted the crew to know that their suffering had not been in vain. She could have been killed. Precisely. Captain Janeway's methods are unorthodox. It is her strength as a leader, but unfortunately, it is also her greatest weakness. To put it mildly. Nothing on sensors.  Captain on the bridge. (Everyone is there. Neelix, Seven, the EMH, Torres.) As you can see, you're not the only one who's had time to evaluate the past. Antimatter waste has weakened the bulkhead surrounding their cargo hold. A direct phaser strike should disable them. Indeed. Their shields are holding. Torpedoes armed and ready. The vortex is in visual range. I believe so. Adjusting shield harmonics. That may not be necessary. (Night alien ships come in, weapons firing at the Malon freighter. One ship goes KaBOOM.) The freighter's shields are weakening. Aft shields at maximum. Pressure is building on the outer hull. Shields weakening. (Voyager stops moving.)
This Borg is a security risk. Have you been experimenting with your psychokinetic abilities? Are they attempting to communicate with you again? Perhaps she's experiencing an after-effect of some kind. A prudent security measure, for a doctor. (Janeway enters.) What's happening? Your performance today was astonishing. However, your psychokinetic powers are still undisciplined, and as a result, unpredictable. Nevertheless, you must proceed with caution. And with my assistance. A series of guided meditations to help her explore the depth of these new abilities. Well then, if you'll excuse us, we should begin immediately. [Sickbay] (Seven's skin is now pink.)  The flame of the lamp is fire disciplined, tamed and under control. It is the appropriate focus for the task ahead of us. I will attempt to guide you in manipulating the flame at the subatomic level. Concentrate on the flame. Try to see past the surface, past the light, to the patterns of energy and matter. Good. Now reach out with your mind and intensify the flame. Now, with your thoughts, reduce the flame. Excellent. You never demonstrated this level of control before. What's wrong? Kes, there is nothing beyond the subatomic. Perhaps we should stop for now. It's obvious your mental abilities have progressed beyond this particular Vulcan exercise. I suggest we. What is it? Tuvok to Security team one. Intruder alert in Engineering. Tuvok to bridge. Status. [Bridge] I believe I may have the answer, Captain. [Corridor] I have no expression on my face. However, you are correct. The news on two separate fronts is not good. I checked the subspace bandwidths. At least a partial signal was transmitted from Voyager. Possibly. I believe there is also cause for concern regarding Kes. Internal sensor logs show that she destabilised the Jefferies tube at the molecular level. The effect weakened the infrastructure throughout the deck. She wishes to develop her abilities further. I am not certain it would be safe, for Kes or Voyager. For seventeen point four seconds Kes's body went into a state of cellular flux. She began to destabilise at the subatomic level. I will attempt a mind meld to help you delay the transformation. Our minds are one. Our thoughts are one. Try to regain control for a moment. Only for a moment. Only for a moment. You must hurry. [Bridge]
Captain, shields are down as are all weapons arrays. Captain, my readings indicate the navigational deflector has sustained massive damage. It will be necessary to repair it before we can achieve more than thruster power. Come in. Captain, this is unexpected. Indeed, but so rarely that I can remember each instance. Vulcan spice tea, hot. And it was always at a time when you were particularly troubled. I am sure that made you uncomfortable. Quite right. You are perceptive, Captain. I believe Commander Chakotay's suggestion does have merit. When I was a young man, a great visionary named Spock recommended an alliance between the Federation and the Klingon empire. This produced a major dispute. The Klingons, after all, were outlaws, employing violence and brutality in order to build their empire. I myself spoke out against such a coalition. But the alliance was forged and it brought a stability to the quadrant that had not been there for two hundred years. Spock's suggestion, so controversial at first, proved to be the cornerstone of peace. I understand your concern, but remember, it would only be a temporary arrangement since we are on our way out of this quadrant. In the meantime, it might bring stability to the region and security for us. Perhaps. But even temporary stability can bring an appreciation for peace. This flower is a rare hybrid. As far as I know it exists nowhere else in the galaxy. I created it by grafting a cutting from a South American orchid onto a Vulcan favinit plant. I doubted the graft would take, and indeed the plant was sickly at first. However, after a few weeks both plants adapted to their new condition and in fact became stronger than either had been alone. [Briefing room] Is he authorised to speak for his Maje? What we will not provide is any of our technology or weaponry. Perhaps you should define that. Long range sensors indicate no sign of Mister Neelix's shuttle within a radius of two light years. We cannot jump to conclusions. He may simply have been delayed. Confirmed, Captain. It appears to be an armada, and the weapons are powered. Still, I do not see that it is a particularly good idea to form an alliance with the blood enemies of the Kazon. We risk uniting all the factions against us. What was he doing when the Kazon Pommar arrested him? If that is true, then one of them will undoubtedly try to leave before the meeting is finished. I would suggest we depart before the Kazon have a chance to return to their ships. I will schedule additional battle drills for all hands.
 Their ion trail ends directly ahead. Unclear. The vessel's holding position. They are targeting our warp core. Shields are holding. And finished. We've disabled their weapons. I'm picking up non-Borg life signs. One of them is definitely Talaxian. It looks as though they haven't been assimilated yet. Their shield generators are too deep inside the vessel. Our weapons can't reach them. They are scanning us. If we surrender our deflector, we'll be dead in space. We won't be able to go to warp. Could the drones be holding him in another location? If he ejected in an escape pod, we would have detected his beacon by now. Aye, Captain. [Sickbay] Why weren't the juveniles infected? Does this pathogen only target the Borg? If we can revive the pathogen and reintroduce it, we could neutralise the drones without harming the away team. Need I remind you that these children have committed murder themselves in their futile attempts to assimilate others. It should be ready by then. They are contemptuous of authority, convinced that they are superior. Typical adolescent behaviour for any species.  I've isolated his coordinates. Roughly eight hundred metres. Ensign? [Cube - corridor] You shouldn't distract yourself, Mister Kim.  An earlier visit to a Borg Cube? Borg vessels may be forbidding, but they are not haunted. [Cube - junction] Turn left, Ensign. The shield generator should be directly ahead. Four or five minutes. They've locked a tractor beam onto the deflector. They're adapting. [Maturation area] Captain, I have found a fluctuation in their shield grid near a plasma duct. It's too intermittent to beam out the hostages, but we could use it to deploy the pathogen. Captain. There is no alternative.  Their tractor beam is fluctuating. Their shields are dropping. Confirmed. Chakotay, Paris and Neelix are in Transporter room two.
I have a source on the signal. Negative. It appears to be a beacon of some kind. We are being hailed by someone using a Federation signal. The carrier wave frequency does correspond to standard Starfleet security codes. According to the encryption key, this particular code was not scheduled for implementation until stardate 48423. Aye, Captain. Targeting scanners locked. Initiating tractor beam. (Boom!) We are taking fire from inside the cloud. Unknown. A Kazon raider is closing at one five eight mark nine. Aye, Captain. An opening is forming in the starboard shields, seventy two centimetres in diameter. They are continuously matching their weapons frequency to our shield frequency. The diameter of the opening has widened to approximately two metres. Aye, Commander. Diameter of the opening is now approximately four metres. Captain, I am picking up a smaller vessel emerging from the hydrogen cloud. It is heading directly toward the opening in our shields. Structural integrity is at fifty percent and dropping. The hull is starting to buckle. I am trying to initiate an emergency containment field. However, the collision has caused a power failure on deck four. Containment field activated. Tuvok to Security. Meet me outside Cargo Bay two. Drop your weapons. (One Kazon gets shot, the other two blast out of the cargo bay into Voyager.) [Bridge]  Tuvok here. I'm on my way. [Transporter room] (The remaining two Kazon take a module from a wall panel then beam out just as Tuvok enters.) Tuvok to Bridge. The Kazon have beamed away, Captain, and they've taken one of our transporter modules with them. [Bridge] Not at the moment. As soon as the Kazon dematerialised [Transporter room]  We lost all transporter power. [Bridge] Until now, the Kazon have never had an advisor with Cardassian, Maquis and Starfleet tactical experience. Perhaps Commander Chakotay could use his intimate knowledge of Seska to manipulate her in much the same way she manipulated us. [Kazon briefing room] Apparently he was able to override the lockout command. I assure you, Captain, it will not happen again. I have accessed his personal logs, but there is no reference to his leaving Voyager. Approximately three hours. Aye, Captain. [Kazon bridge]  Captain, I'm detecting a Federation beacon at bearing zero five seven mark seven two. The beacon is transmitting an automated message. It is from Commander Chakotay.  The message appears to be authentic, Captain. Commander Chakotay has expressly requested that we not attempt to do so. If a rescue attempt forces us to engage the Kazon, there is always a possibility that more of our technology will fall into their hands. I have located the Nistrim vessel on long-range sensors. Distance, point four light years. However, they are not alone. There are now at least six other Kazon ships in the immediate vicinity. That may be so, but the ships have not powered their weapons systems. If the Nistrim have added six ships to their force, it would be tactically unwise to engage them. We would have to slow down once within transporter range, giving the Kazon ample time to open fire. Ensign Kim is correct. We would risk scrambling his transporter signal and killing him. It would be a direct violation of Starfleet's safety protocols.  Captain, I must remind you that we have no direct evidence the Commander is still alive or if he is, that he is still aboard that ship. Firing phasers.  The other Kazon vessels have opened fire.  Aft shields down to twenty three percent, Captain.  Shields to sixteen percent. Captain, we must retreat.  Please stay where you are. You will find that our transporters have rendered your weapons useless. Here are the terms, gentlemen. The safe return of our First Officer and shuttlecraft in exchange for your freedom. I presume you will find that an acceptable arrangement. Captain's log, stardate 49211.5. Now that Commander Chakotay has made a full recovery, I'm faced with the difficult task of responding to his failure to follow procedure. [Ready room] Bridge to Ready room. I think you and Commander Chakotay should come in here. I have located an automated message beacon, Captain. It is a message to Commander Chakotay from Seska.
That disruptor blast had a Klingon signature. No response. Port shields are down to fifty percent. (We get a glimpse of a vessel usually seen in the Original Series.) If their technology is antiquated I have them. Aren't you interested in learning about the Treaty? Aye, Captain. (Kohlar, Tuvok and Ayala leave.) Captain. Their crew complement is two hundred and four. We have them.(The antique cruiser goes KaBOOM! The shuttlebay is full of chattering Klingons.) [Ready room] Sensor logs indicate that the containment failure was not caused by our weapons. They saw their vessel as the last vestige of the corrupt Empire. Two hundred Klingons pose a significant security threat. I suggest we keep them confined to the shuttlebay until we can find a suitable home for them. Captain. The bridge will have to be off limits. Engineering as well. Despite their reverence for Lieutenant Torres, she should be assigned a twenty four hour security detail. Mister Neelix, may I ask what you're doing here? There must be some mistake. You should have consulted me. Mister Neelix, as much as I enjoy your company, I prefer solitude in my own quarters. I assume you have a suitable holodeck training programme for this, Lieutenant?  Phaser fire in transporter room one.  Computer, open the transporter room doors. Security override, Tuvok pi alpha. (Tuvok shoots Morak, but the others are beamed away.) [Bridge] (There is a phaser fight, Starfleet win, with Paris shooting T'Greth.)  Computer, open this door. On whose authority? Mister Neelix, open this door. Computer, security override. Authorisation: Tuvok pi (The door opens to reveal a dishevelled Ch'Rega, then a battered and bruised Neelix.) Just go, Mister Neelix. [Transporter room]
Surely you could find something more productive to occupy your time. I would prefer some peace and quiet. Mister Neelix. I have no desire for fun. Very well. One riddle. It is a theoretical possibility that such planetoids contain hot water springs, which could sustain the man for several weeks. I concur. Logic dictates that the Ensign in question would perish. Your answer is merely wordplay, it has no basis in reality. Now, if you'll excuse me. To find some peace and quiet. Did you activate the aft tactical station? There appears to be a download in progress. [Delta Flyer - cockpit] I'm detecting [Delta Flyer - aft section] Anomalous readings. I'm not certain. But I believe it's a cloaking frequency that (A bulkhead appears to wibble, and an energy beam hits Tuvok.)TUVOK:  Argh! [Delta Flyer - cockpit] Yes, you did. You told me I wouldn't be hurt. You're Neelix. I'm safe with you. [Ready room] Captain Janeway. Yes. That's why I'm having difficulty now. I was scanning. I, I don't remember. I prefer to stay with Neelix. I like the way it looks now. I don't like this game. I don't like this game! [Sickbay]  The Doctor helped me access my personnel file. I was an instructor at Starfleet Academy. I've received seventeen commendations for valour. I'm a husband, a father. I was an extraordinary fellow. Then why do I no longer work on the bridge? And now I'm not smart enough. He could dismantle a photonic warhead in less than thirty seconds. I can't even play kal-toh. How do you know that? The Doctor? The Doctor doesn't know how to make me better, does he? I'll never be him again. I'm not a Vulcan. Not any more! (Tuvok starts throwing things around.) No! Nothing's fine! Get away from me! A flower. It's for you. I shouldn't have shouted at you. I was angry. I'm sorry. Why? You were disappointed in me because I can't do anything as well as I did before. What can I do better? It's not good. We weren't friends? But I didn't return those feelings. I don't understand. I like to smile. I don't want to play kal-toh any more. Or meditate, or work on logic problems. What can we do instead? Teach me things that you like to do. [Mess hall]  Here we are. A triple-chocolate wikki fruit sundae with warm fetran sauce. As Neelix says, dig in. They taste good. We're having fun. Would you like some terra nut soufflé, Captain? I am pleased that you like it. Pistachio cake with parra-cream sauce. Then you'll have the first piece. I detected a cloaking frequency. I don't know, I I don't understand. (Tuvok has an icing bag in his hand.) This. This is what I saw. (He has iced the modulation pattern onto a cake.)  Enter. A selection from Tom's jazz database. It really swings. Computer, pause the music. I've been reviewing the holodeck files. I wish to visit the Risa water recreation park. Will you accompany me? Appointment? I wish I never drew that picture. Because I don't wish to undergo the procedure. I am myself. I want to be able to have fun. With you. I won't be able to, will I? But I won't express them. Then how will you know how much I enjoy being with you? We'll still be friends? Even if I merely tolerate you? Well, why? Why do you want me to go back to the way I was? I was experiencing pre-operative jitters. Neelix helped me overcome them. I'll see you after the procedure? Mister Neelix. The Doctor has approved my return to duty. Tea will suffice. I have much more important things to do than engage in the preparation of nutritionally deficient foods. Sundaes. I have given further consideration to your riddle regarding the Ensign who survived by consuming the dates from his calendar. It occurs to me that he could also have eaten the Sundaes. No, it's not. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Captain, based on our readings, it appears we've been transported back in time to the birth of the universe. I am curious. Have the Q always had an absence of manners, or is it the result of some natural evolutionary process that comes with omnipotence? That is one relevant example. So it seems. Intriguing. Just what vulnerabilities do the Q have? Why are you telling me this? Me? I have no legal expertise. It is true that Vulcans who reach a certain infirmity with age, do practice ritual suicides. Nevertheless, I fail to see how that fact would be meaningful in this circumstance. Tell me Q, can you offer any other evidence of mental instability on the part of my client? In fact, until this issue arose, he was known in the Continuum as one of your great philosophers. Is that not true? So, your entire basis for judging him mentally unbalanced is his wish to commit suicide. I submit that is a faulty premise. In many cultures, suicide is acceptable, and in and of itself cannot be used as evidence of mental illness. Is it not true that on occasion the Continuum has executed Qs for certain crimes? Didn't their deaths create an interruption to the Continuum? Do you? I understand. And you find nothing contradictory in a society that outlaws suicide but practices capital punishment? Just one other thing. Isn't it true that you yourself were once accused of being mentally unstable by the Continuum? Were you not you disciplined for inappropriate behaviour? I will take that as a yes. Thank you. That is all. I am as curious as you are, Captain. Has it not been established that my client has in captivity during all of Commander Riker's lifetime? May I remind this hearing, and my learned colleague, that for three centuries, my client has not been allowed contact with anyone. At this time, we would like to reproduce the environment in which he has been confined. These are the conditions my client would be forced to live in for eternity if you deny asylum, Captain. I would submit that the quality of life that my client will have to endure should be considered in this proceeding. I believe it relates to the relief of suffering, does it not, Captain. May I request a recess to consider our response, Captain? I would say we have not yet convinced Captain Janeway of the validity of our argument. I am representing your position to the best of my ability. It is most definitely not my own. I see no persuasive evidence that a life like yours should be wasted simply because you are disgruntled. Frankly, I see no logic to your position. Then perhaps what we should do next is take this hearing to see life in the Continuum itself. Captain's log, supplemental. I'm determined to find a better alternative to suicide or endless prison, so I've summoned the advocate Q to make him a proposal. [Ready room]  We are prepared to illustrate the nature of Q's suffering, Captain. But in order to do so, we must show this hearing what life is like in the Continuum. By going to the Continuum itself. My client has the right to ask for an inspection of the living conditions that lead to his suffering, Captain. Then what is the purpose of the road? I'm afraid I cannot hear any.  We rest our case, Captain. Doctor, do you generally keep samples of fatal poisons in storage? The replicators will not produce them either. You assisted his suicide?
You destroyed the Doctor's holographic camera. A day in the life of the warp core. You have a long history of emotional volatility. The point of this exercise is not to atone for past transgressions, but to prevent future ones. Commander Chakotay thinks otherwise. (Torres kneels opposite Tuvok.) Whichever allows you to focus your mind. (She closes them.)TUVOK: Envision the flame burning within you. (Torres laughs.) The flame grows hotter. A point of white light. Follow it backward through the years to a time when you were younger, a child. Is there something amusing, Lieutenant? Indeed. Please follow my instructions or we'll discontinue this exercise. Your earliest memories. Try to recall a time when you experienced uncontrollable anger. I beg your pardon? That angered you. Describe the anger you felt at that moment. Your anger was a source of strength. It protected you, gave you courage. And when the Doctor tried to take a holo-photograph of you? The rage within you runs deep. It's been with you for many years. Whatever you say, Miss Turtlehead. You're easily provoked. You must learn to master your emotions. Our meditation sessions are confidential. Her training will be a challenge for both of us. Theta radiation has affected a radius of six hundred million kilometres. A Malon freighter travelling at high impulse. It appears to be abandoned. [Sickbay] I thought we'd seen the last of the Malon. Three million kilometres from here. Dumping theta radiation. Agreed. The freighter's hull is intact. Life support appears to be operational. However, thirty three of forty two decks are flooded with high levels of theta radiation. At this rate, they'll reach the control room in approximately three hours. However, the storage tanks will detonate in less than two. An O type star. The star is not on the freighter's trajectory. A series of carefully timed tractor pulses could alter the freighter's course. But given the vessel's weakened state, one miscalculation could set off the explosion. A wise precaution. With any luck, we won't be needing it. As a rule we don't, but serving with Captain Janeway has taught me otherwise. Is there a Plan D? Unconscious but stable. The Doctor is treating him now. We'll be able to talk to him in less than an hour. Shall I beam to the freighter and take command of the away team? This is a dangerous situation. There is no margin for emotional error. B'Elanna is unpredictable, Captain. Under these circumstances, her volatile nature could compromise the mission. Your faith is admirable, but logic suggests  The freighter is on course for the star. No effect. I'm detecting radiation surges in the theta tanks. They're going to detonate in three minutes. I have restored the freighter's trajectory.
I was not aware that we had a definite appointment. If you recall, Mister Neelix, I did not guarantee you a position. That is true, but opportunities for promotion on a starship must be earned. Your dedication is duly noted, Mister Neelix. Now if you'll excuse me, I am due on the bridge. Aye, Captain. I don't believe so. It's thousands of light years wide. We're being hailed, Captain. Please, sit down. I examined the scene of the shooting and confirmed the Federation weapon signature. A type two phaser blast. Fourteen Voyager crewmembers were off the ship at the time of the incident. Several traders from the station were aboard Voyager on the day of the incident. We can't rule out the possibility that one of them managed to steal a phaser. What can you tell me about your friend Wixiban? Mister Chakotay reported that he was aboard Voyager. Has he ever been involved in criminal activity? I must question him, and I would appreciate your accompanying me. You may be able to help me evaluate the verisimilitude of his answers. Please meet me in transporter room two at eighteen hundred hours. [Station bar]  How much time did you spend aboard Voyager? Were you ever alone on the ship? Where were you at the time of the shooting? Can anyone corroborate that? That will be all for now, Mister Wix. As you wish, but please see me as soon as you return to the ship. As the Captain said, that proves nothing. One of the criminals was killed in the plasma explosion. The others have been taken into custody by Mister Bahrat. Mister Wixiban was given his shuttle. He sent you his thanks before making a hasty departure. (Janeway enters.)
When it comes to affairs of the human heart, it is wise to look beyond logic. You may not want to know.(The newlyweds leave in a cloud of rice. The deck ripples and the rice falls through.) Captain's log, stardate 52586.3. We've had a lot to celebrate lately. Tom and B'Elanna's wedding, Ensign Harper's new baby, and the continued health of our warp drive, which has taken us within striking distance of home. [Ready room] It's beginning to break down the molecular bonds in all surrounding sections.  Every bulkhead and conduit from deck one to fifteen show signs of molecular de-cohesion. We haven't been able to narrow the time frame precisely, but it appears that anything brought on board over the past thirty to forty weeks is immune. A logical conclusion. [Astrometrics lab]  Eight months, seventeen days ago, first contact with the Kmada. Unlikely. The next event of note took place nine months, two days ago when the N'Kree tried to conscript Voyager into their battle fleet.  Nine months, twenty eight days. We collected silicate from a comet in the Podaris sector. Ten months, eleven days ago. Voyager was forced to land on a class Y planetoid in the Vaskan sector. The planet possessed a biomimetic compound. I've often wondered what happened to them. Are they flourishing? Have they continued to evolve? We have a disturbing theory. We are all duplicates. None of us are real. (Later, Janeway is looking at a flask of silver liquid.)EMH: Behold the primordial soup. He's correct. It's reasonable to assume that if we return to our native environment, the degradation will cease. It's only a matter of time before the environmental controls themselves are affected. Tuvok to the Captain. Sensors have detected a class Y planet. Captain, a vessel is approaching from the planet surface. They are firing weapons. Shields down to fifty two percent. No effect. Hull breaches on decks eleven, fourteen and fifteen. If we emit a polaron burst, we can disable their shields long enough to target their warp core. Either that or retreat. The alien vessel's not pursuing. No response. In visual range. I'm detecting residual deuterium, anti-neutrons, traces of dichromates. If it was a vessel, it isn't anymore. None.
Mister Paris, this may be the first time you've ever volunteered to assist me. I'll keep that in mind. I was unaware. Allow me to extend my best wishes. Lieutenant, are you asking me for advice about fatherhood? I'm afraid my parenting skills are somewhat dormant. It's been many years since my children were young. Offspring can be disturbingly illogical, yet profoundly fulfilling. You should anticipate paradox. If you'd like my counsel on more specific issues? Go ahead.  Why would she alter the Doctor's programme? Override authorisation Tuvok pi alpha. Tuvok to bridge. There's a force field in Sickbay. [Bridge] TUVOK Surrounding the surgical bay. [Bridge] I suggest we deactivate your programme until we determine the extent of the alterations.
There is, of course, a seventy five percent chance the wormhole will not lead to the Alpha Quadrant. However, it might be large enough to act as a conduit for a message. I recommend we launch a microprobe into the wormhole. Aye, Captain. (Whoosh.) The probe's telemetry has changed. We cannot preclude the possibility that there is a microscopic entity within the wormhole curious about an intruder. I fear Mister Kim's exuberance may turn into an equally intense disappointment if his efforts prove in vain. Negative Captain. There is nothing that would suggest a response. Captain. I'm getting something, Captain. That signal is being transmitted at exactly the same frequency and amplitude as our signal. It's a response. Someone received our transmission and sent one back, and their signal originated in the Alpha Quadrant. Captain's log, supplemental. Encouraged by his success in transmitting a signal to the Alpha Quadrant, Mister Kim is investigating the possibility of establishing a voice link with whoever is at the other end of the wormhole. [Ready room] Perhaps I can offer an explanation. The comm. link signature of his transmission indicates the message originated from a Romulan ship. Further, there are no known shipping lanes in the sector he identified. Given the precise calibration of his signal I would suggest that he is in fact on board a science vessel. Precisely. When we claimed to be transmitting from the Delta quadrant, an impossibility so far as he knows, he may have feared we were Federation spies.  We're ready to try a visual link with the Romulan ship, Captain. It is a standard Starfleet mechanism with a varietal molecular matrix. It simulates most organic and non-organic compounds. It is not classified technology. Then what would you suggest? Captain, I must insist that I stay with him at all times while he is on board. [Transporter Room] I suggest we delay that for the moment, Captain. I'm afraid I've found the reason for the unusual phase variance. Captain, what year is it? If you please. Exactly. Our Romulan visitor is a person out of time. He is showing clear evidence of temporal displacement. I would surmise that the wormhole is a rift not just in space but in time. The unusual phase variance we detected was actually an indication of a temporal shift. We have transported him from twenty years in the past to our present. [Briefing Room] These are our messages. Captain, I did not want to mention this until after our guest had left. I checked the computers databanks for a Romulan scientist named Telek R'Mor. I'm sorry to report Doctor R'Mor died in 2367. That is correct. Before he would have sent our messages. It is possible. Unfortunately, there is no way to know.
Initial scans reveal substantial dilithium deposits beneath the planetoid's crust. We'll have to use phasers to cut through the A heavily armed vessel just dropped out of warp off the port bow. They are moving closer. They've locked on a tractor beam. Our target? Shields are holding. We're approaching the perimeter of the gas cloud. No sign of pursuit. The size of the bounty is immaterial. According to Seven of Nine, the Hazari pride themselves on honouring their agreements.  We're approaching the coordinates. The vessel's hull is composed of a neutronium-based alloy. You have a visitor. Mister Kurros has returned in isomorphic form. Seven of Nine, report to the bridge. They are dropping out of warp, flanking our position. (Whumph!) The ship to starboard. Shields down to sixty percent. Their shields are holding. Retargeting. Firing photon torpedoes. They are disengaging. His ship is vanishing from sensors. It's being absorbed into subspace.  They've entered the debris field. Their vessel has taken heavy damage. Shields and weapons are offline. Very silent. Without success. They are unusually resistant. Whoever hired the Hazari know a lot about us. If they are bioreadings, perhaps the Doctor can unscramble them. The Malon are economically motivated. In a manner of speaking. I believe I can restore the original biosignal parameters. Brace yourself. (It is Kurros.) We could use subspatial charges to force them into the open. Our phasers aren't penetrating their shields. Life support's failing, all decks. Aft launchers are still online. Direct hit. It's been disabled.  I'm transmitting the carrier wave. [Think Tank] The Hazari vessels are converging on the Think Tank.
 Do not underestimate the power of the mind. The artefact was a catalyst for your already active imagination. It served as an unwelcome reminder of your ancestry. The self-loathing you experience when you look in the mirror and see a Klingon. You despise being Klingon. It's no secret. What you experienced in your quarters was a subconscious manifestation of that hatred. The blood in your veins, the voices of your ancestors, all symbols of your Klingon heritage. Yes, but the essence of who you are, the artefact itself, remained. Quite simple. That despite your efforts to become something else, whether it be Starfleet or Maquis, your Klingon nature continues to assert itself. Perhaps we should forego your meditation in favour of a different exercise. Feel the weight of the bat'leth in your hands. Describe the first thought that enters your mind. You can't see the elegance of its design because of your hatred. It's a warrior's blade, crafted for precision and balance. Observe. (Tuvok twirls the big blade around his body and head, ending up with the long curved edge inches from Torres' neck. The final set of fast moves end up cutting her cheek.) Listen to yourself whine like a Ferengi. You're not worthy of the blood in your veins. A true Klingon would try to kill me where I stand. This exercise is over. You are dismissed, Lieutenant, and take your dishonour with you. [Mess hall] Lieutenant Torres. Defend yourself. [Barge of the Dead - below decks]
Captain Janeway to the bridge. I've received an alert from Security. Seven of Nine attacked Neelix in the mess hall and three other crewmen on deck two. Deck six, section twenty eight alpha. CHAKOTAY: Take a security team. I'm moving into position now, Captain. [Corridor]  I have wounded. She's moving toward junction thirty two alpha. [Bridge] We've analysed the B'omar perimeter grid. It's sophisticated, but not without its vulnerabilities. It might be possible to penetrate the grid by re-calibrating our shields to match its frequency. Captain, it is possible that Seven will adapt to the resequencer. Understood. [The Raven] (Seven has a flashback to when the Borg came aboard her parent's vessel and she was a little girl hiding under a bank of consoles.)BORG  I'm detecting weapons signatures. Federation and B'omar. Five B'omar vessels are adrift, heavily damaged. Lifesigns are stable. Adjust course to intercept. (They catch up to the smaller shuttlecraft.) See if you can remodulate our transporters to match her shields Yes. It's my hope that the element of surprise will work in my favour. Do you have a better idea? Set my coordinates for the aft compartment. Energise. (Tuvok beams over, but Seven is waiting for him. They struggle, then she uses the Vulcan neck-pinch on him.) Why have you left Voyager? You were Borg, but you're human, now. You're part of our crew. What prompted this realisation? A homing beacon. We've scanned this entire region for Borg. There are none. Seven? Curious. Your behaviour demonstrates affection and sentiment. Traits of humanity. Hardly Borg. You have been experiencing hallucinations, flashbacks. Does that usually occur when a resonance signal is activated? That's understandable. Lower the forcefield. We can return to Voyager and find out what's happening to you. I am your shipmate. We can return to Voyager together. If you're afraid, then leave this place. Deactivate the forcefield. I will accompany you to the surface. You don't need to go alone. I don't believe so. I think this situation is not what it appears. I am uncertain, but I am willing to go to the surface with you to find out.(Seven lowers the forcefield.) [Paris' shuttlecraft] JANEWAY  The signal's getting stronger This way. (Seven hesitates.)TUVOK: If you like, we can return to the shuttle. It's a Federation vessel partially assimilated by the Borg. There are no lifesigns. Tritanium decay suggests it has been here for nearly twenty years. [The Raven]  Seven, I'm here. Listen to me. Come. (She comes  out and stands.) Fascinating. This resonance signal must have been active since the ship was assimilated, and Voyager passed within range. (Boom!) The B'omar. The ship will collapse. We must get out of here. [Bridge] Are you all right? Perhaps there is another way out. There's a hull rupture in the forward compartment. It may provide a means of escape. Start digging. Quickly. (They pull at pieces of debris frantically.) [Bridge]  Seven, I need your help.(Together they push away a large girder and escape through the hatch of NAR-37450 just before it falls to pieces and tumbles off the rock. They are beamed away.) [Bridge] PARIS
Captain. (The local police, in black leather and motorcycle helmets enter. They try to get away but the police grab them. Tuvok stuns one, Janeway and Torres fight others.) I advise caution. I regret I have no such reassurance to offer you. That is possible. It is also possible that she is safely returned to Voyager. We have insufficient evidence to dismiss either conclusion.  Your question is based on a faulty assumption. I cannot answer it. I deny that we are intending to supply them with weapons. I have none to give you. Lieutenant, stop! That will not help either of us. Vulcans are capable of suppressing certain levels of physical pain. Beyond that we must simply endure the experience. Under the circumstances, physical resistance is ineffective. We are fighting back by refusing to give them any information.  Captain.
Protocol allows for Commander Chakotay or myself to address his demands, if the captain would prefer. I am picking up a vessel, Captain. It's Borg. Captain. You must relieve me of duty at once. I've detected no transmissions. And in return? I'm receiving a transmission on a secure channel. Audio only. Three vessels are decloaking off the port bow. (Whumph!) Direct hit. Shields are holding. Excuse the interruption, Commander. I have found a potential weakness in their shields, but I'll need time to reconfigure our phasers. Firing phasers. Our phasers are offline. Activating the photonic cannon, sir.
If you will explain what happened, Lieutenant.  Where is Miss Torres? I would like her moved to the brig until formal charges can be filed. The Captain has the authority to try Miss Torres here on the ship, considering the extenuating circumstances. She struck a fellow officer. That is a court martial offence. Miss Torres is no longer a member of the Maquis, and with all due respect, Commander, neither are you. Allowing Miss Torres to get away with a clear violation of regulations sets a bad example for the rest of the crew. It makes it appear as though you were showing favouritism toward the Maquis. I will yield my authority in this case to you. However, I will make a full report in my security log. (Chakotay steps into the turbolift.) That would be inconvenient, but acceptable. It is an Emergency Medical Hologram and its abilities are limited. It can only operate within the confines of Sickbay. The distortions are emanating from a highly localized disturbance in the space-time continuum. Distance, twenty thousand kilometres off the port bow. Captain, I am receiving an audio transmission from within the singularity. No response to our hail, Captain. Engaging tractor beam. It's working. Beam is penetrating the event horizon. Tractor beam disengaged. It is another type four quantum singularity. Physical and temporal dimensions are identical to the one we encountered earlier. That would imply there was something wrong with the warp drive and the navigational logs. What about the navigational array? There was an altercation, but it has been resolved. I will never cease to be amazed by the human capacity for hyperbole. The situation may be characterised as tense, but one could hardly say that they're about to become violent. Are you all right? I'd better get you to Sickbay. Ship-wide diagnostics have revealed nothing out of the ordinary. I've been hailing the ship on all frequencies. No response. Deflectors off-line. The spatial distortions are increasing. The shuttle is returning, Commander. It appears as though they've been damaged. Their comm. system's down. I am unable to raise them. Shields are down. Hull integrity failing. We've cleared the event horizon, Captain. We've returned to normal space.
You seem to be accepting Seven's recovered memories as fact. Historically, recovered memories have often proven unreliable. Human memory is rarely perfect. No, but we must remember that she's experienced hallucinatory images before.  You stated that the rifle's power cell overloaded as a result of a faulty oscillator adjustment. Can you describe in more detail how that occurred? Were you unfamiliar with that procedure? I am not seeking a statement of remorse. One of our crew members claims that you have. How so? The Entharan representative will be here shortly. Surely he'll want to know the truth. That's all we're seeking. You will have the opportunity to refute any charges. I'm afraid I have no choice. But I assure you our investigation will be conducted in a fair and impartial manner. Is this the entire facility? Doctor, there are a number of Borg nanoprobes on the surface of this table. The dispersal pattern is consistent with a dermal rupture. Tuvok to Voyager. Mister Kovin has transported out of the laboratory. [Bridge] TUVOK My examination of the rifle is equally inconclusive. It may have overloaded accidentally, or not. I told him our investigation would be impartial. I believe it has been. We don't know a great deal about the interaction between nanoprobes and Borg physiology. It might be worthwhile to simulate the effect of the rifle blast on Seven's arm and see what happens to the nanoprobes. But we must have proof, and this experiment may provide us with it. We've configured this hypospray to simulate the energy of a thoron blast. We'll collect thin layers of your skin tissue and examine the effects. It won't be painful. No response. He's charging weapons. He's responding. He's firing a spread of photon pulses. He's shunting all power to his photonic emitters. He's charging weapons again. Captain, his emitters are overloading. All his systems are destabilising.
I take full responsibility.  The warp trail ends here. Gar should be directly ahead. It's emitting a false warp signature. There may be another way to find him. He traded us high-grade iridium, which has a very brief half-life. His ship is slow. Logic suggests he acquired the substance within a radius of three light years. If that's where Mister Gar acquired the iridium, they may be able to help us find him. You appear to be an experienced merchant, Mister Kipp. Why would you trust someone like Gar? By whom? What does she have to do with it? Then she must know him well. May we speak with her? We have a business opportunity for Mister Gar. One that will expire if we don't find him soon. I have picked up Gar's ship, directly ahead. I'm reading his biosigns. Not yet. Scans are complete. Neither the mobile emitter nor the Doctor's programme are aboard Gar's ship. Not now, perhaps, but you know where you took him. If you refuse to cooperate, your knowledge of his location can be extracted. A mind meld. An invasive and disturbing procedure. Mister Neelix, I am in the middle of an interrogation. Very well. I'll wait. (Neelix enters the cell.) Tuvok to Sickbay. Mister Neelix, have you deliberately poisoned this man? Your actions are not only against regulations I was merely trying to encourage the suspect to be more forthcoming.
Tuvok to Captain Janeway.  Have you considered relocation to a planet where you could grow your own food? She is a human who lived as a Borg. LUMAS: Borg! She is disconnected from the Collective. She won't harm you. LUMAS: Where's my wife? Where are my children? What did you do with them after you took them? What did you do with my family? Mister Paris, please proceed. (Tuvok leads the Caatati one way, Paris and Seven go the other.)LUMAS: I lost everything. My family, my home. Tuvok to the captain. Can you come to the bridge?  We're being approached by an armada of Caatati ships. Weapons are at the ready, Captain, but our shield strength is extremely low.
The asteroid is fragmenting, but most of the debris is still on a collision course with the planet. I've destroyed most of the debris, Captain, however targeting scanners were unable to track two of the fragments. They have already entered the upper atmosphere. (The fragments streak through the atmosphere and impact the ground.) The debris impacted on the largest continent, approximately five hundred kilometres from the southern tip. Substantial cratering, atmospheric shockwaves, and large concentrations of dust and other stratospheric contaminants. Approximately six hours. Same continent, but this time on the eastern coastal region. Aye, Captain. Mister Paris. Altitude, fifteen kilometres. Velocity, mach two point one. Entering the upper troposphere. We're entering a layer of electrodynamic turbulence. Full power to thrusters. Attempting to level our descent. (The console in front of Neelix bursts into flames.) I will have to land the shuttle manually. Brace for impact. [Bridge] Doctor Vatm. Have you seen any other vessels like ours? You may also speak to me. Your Ambassador sent us to find you. Unfortunately that will not be possible. All primary systems are offline. Warp drive and impulse engines have been destroyed. I suggest we repair the comm. system and send a distress call. Several hours at least. I assure you we're doing everything we can. Mister Neelix, please go outside and inspect the toroidal antenna. I need to know if any of the signal relays were damaged. A damage report will be sufficient. The damage report, Mister Neelix. In the meantime, I suggest everyone try to remain calm. Allowing anxiety to overcome you will only hinder the efficiency of our efforts. Neelix. You couldn't have finished already. What is your point? Our probability of being detected by Voyager or the other rescue teams is greatest if we remain here. Very well. We have no interest in your supplies. We are here to use the carriage to get to safety.  Are we ready to bring main power back online? The coil bypass is active. (Tuvok throws a main switch. The consoles light up.) We must still repair the oxygen regenerators and the damaged tether couplings. Mister Neelix. Your interpersonal activities are delaying our progress. Since we arrived, you have spent as much time engaged in idle conversation as you have making repairs. Your function at the moment is to repair this vessel, not to boost morale. This is not the holodeck nor the mess hall. This is a life-threatening situation, and your attention should be focused on one thing alone. Our safe return to Voyager. We've only been able to fix three of the seven power supplies. If we turn back we might not be able to reach the ionosphere. Mister Sklar, these (A growing sound is coming from the carriage.) Stand aside. [Mag-lev carriage] (Tuvok opens the doors and they all rush in. Tuvok neck-pinches Vatm.) Can we launch? Seal that door. We're losing mag-lev cohesion. How do we prevent that? Neelix! Routing back-up power to the tether couplings. Mag-lev cohesion stable. Alixia? For good luck, no doubt. We will need it. One of the oxygen converters has ruptured. What are our chances of reaching the ionosphere? Glitches? We must repair them. Where is the emergency containment grid? Mister Neelix, you told me you had experience with this kind of technology. Specifically. You built models? There is little we can do now that we are thirty kilometres above the surface. I suggest we continue to That is enough! He may be crucial to the survival of your colonies. That is no justification for murder. Doctor Vatm, why did you try to launch without us? Does it have to do with the discovery you made about the asteroids? Compose yourself, Mister Hanjuan. Once we return to Voyager we will find out This rescue mission was authorised by the Captain of my ship and the Ambassador of your government. If you are trying to intimidate me, I should inform you that as a Vulcan I possess physical strength many times your (Hanjuan tries to hit Tuvok. Tuvok grabs his fist and forces him to his knees.) It is going to be a long and perilous journey. As such, I will need your full co-operation. Understood? (to Neelix) Mechanical glitches would seem to be the least of our problems. [Bridge] PARIS Doctor, I'm going to inject you with a tri-ox compound. It will help to oxygenate your blood. (He moves on.) I've prepared an injection of No. It is a simple subdermal transfer. We were unable to salvage the damaged tank, but Lillias is working to increase the efficiency of the functioning one. It is illogical to dwell on situations beyond your control. It will only serve to heighten your anxiety which, if I may say so, is heightened enough. They are suffering the initial stages of carbon dioxide poisoning. My lungs are capable of respirating in an extremely thin atmosphere. What is out there? He's going into shock. (Vatm convulses briefly.) He's dead. His cardiopulmonary tissues have begun to deteriorate. No. I believe he was murdered. Poisoning. According to my tricorder readings, his water supply has been contaminated with a lydroxide corrosive. The coolant system is completely sealed, and there is no lydroxide anywhere else on board. I will conduct an investigation once we return to the ship. For now, we must focus on survival. I have no motive. I am Vulcan. I do not succumb to emotion. Why? Doctor Vatm was delirious from lack of oxygen. He attempted to open the hatch of this vessel and go outside. It would have killed him and possibly all of us as well. If we stop the carriage, we will risk losing mag-lev cohesion again. We'll check the roof upon returning to Voyager. I am not interested in your funny feeling. I will not debate this with you. Please pilot the craft and remain silent. You are becoming emotionally distraught. There is little point in furthering this discussion. You are mistaken. You are projecting your own emotional bias onto my actions. I have no feelings towards Mister Neelix. I disagree. You leave me little choice. I will go. I am the logical one to make the egress. I can breathe the rarified atmosphere. I'm looking for Mister Neelix's instinct. Perhaps it will be marked. (Tuvok climbs a series of internal ladders to the roof hatch.) Tuvok to Neelix. [Mag-lev carriage] I have found a data storage device lodged in the internal circuitry. It appears to contain information about an alien starship. [Mag-lev carriage roof]  but I will need to remove it and bring it into the cabin for further examination. [Mag-lev carriage] Fortunately I was able to grab hold of an induction coil and climb to safety. Thank you, Mister Neelix. I said thank you, for opening the door. I believe we know now who killed Doctor Vatm. The data storage device contains tactical information about an alien starship. Weapons, warp drive, shield modulations. Apparently Sklar did not want us to find it. You have an occipital concussion. I'm afraid my understanding of Talaxian physiology is limited. I cannot treat you. Neelix, we need you. You must. Do it for Alixia. She would be proud of you. Tuvok to Voyager. Yes, Captain. Captain, this data device contains tactical information about the enemy vessel, including their shield modulation. Ready. Direct hit. Their reactor is offline. Their weapons have been destroyed. I have just received word from the Ambassador. Your sister Halla has been found. Mister Neelix, I thought you should know that I have submitted my mission report to the Captain. I've given you a special commendation for your endurance and bravery. Your instincts were correct. However, one day your intuition will fail, and you will finally understand that logic is primary above all else. Instinct is simply another term for serendipity. That is doubtful. Your attempts have yet to succeed. I'm simply responding to your erroneous statement. Losing is irrelevant. No, I do not. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
None. Attempting to compensate.  [Engineering] I have the will, but not the means, Captain. Targeting control is down. They were employing a high-energy transporter beam designed to locate objects of technological value, and remove them. (Tuvok hands Chakotay a PADD.) Captain, I have identified nearly twenty seven kinds of alien ships in orbit of this planet. It appears to be an active centre of commerce.  We should be able to place an undercover away team on either continent without attracting attention. Or more to the point, theft. The materials in the construction of this city, and the technology in use appear to have originated from numerous sources. The myriad signatures have resulted in high interference levels. I am unable to. A moment. I am picking up a Starfleet signature. I don't believe so. The signal magnitude is too low. The signature is approaching. The Da Vinci character is interpreting this world through the limited capacity of his holodeck programme. But what is he doing here? And then downloaded into the Doctor's mobile emitter. But by whom? A plasma injector conduit, Starfleet issue. There can be no doubt our computer processor is not in the city. We may have no choice but to do business with him. But Captain Vulcans do not make small talk. Thank you. That is very considerate. Mister da Vinci, how have you been? I wish to speak with you. About you. You are most intriguing. Scandinavia. It is fascinating, and you are obviously enjoying it. I'm curious. How have you spent your time here? Vulcan? No. There are several possibilities all within a ten kilometre radius of the city. I must admit, your Mister da Vinci is an astute observer of nature. These maps couldn't be improved upon by Voyager's topographical computer. Indeed. Captain, we should return to Voyager. With my tricorder readings and Leonardo's maps we can use the ship's sensors to triangulate the exact location of our processor. Inadvisable. Charming as your childhood hero may be, the programme was not designed for use outside the holodeck. The programme reproduces the entire range of Da Vinci's behaviour. His genius and his notorious unreliability. Tuvok to Voyager. One to beam up. (Janeway restarts da Vinci.) Tuvok to Seven of Nine. Report to the Astrometrics lab. I am entering Leonardo's maps and my tricorder data into the imaging system. Da Vinci has accurately rendered the topographical detail. However, his coordinate axes are pre-Cartesian. You will have to convert them. One of these storage facilities undoubtedly contains the processor. Increase sensor resolution to maximum and scan the area. Unfortunately, the building is surrounded by a dispersion field. Transport will be impossible. If she were to initiate a power surge in the processor, it might produce a signal strong enough for us to lock onto. I will inform the captain.  [Da Vinci's Workshop] Understood. Aye, Captain. Tuvok out. If the captain is with him and attempting to recover the processor, she may need his assistance. They've gone inside the structure. Commander. I'm detecting a power surge in the subspace frequency range. The processor is on board. Still on the planet. Those ships will try to block our descent. The ships are powering weapons. Shields are holding. I have a fix on the captain. They are in mid-air, on what appears to be a crude gliding apparatus.
Unknown. They appear to be emanating from deck four, section thirty nine. Two hours at most. I can't get a lock. Multiple breaches, all decks. Emergency systems are failing. Shields down to twenty percent. It could be random interference from Kazon weapons fire.  The lead vessel's been disabled. The others are regrouping. I'm detecting biomechanical implants. They have a Borg signature. Why? Like most time paradoxes, it's implausible, but not necessarily illogical. Aye, Captain. [Jefferies tube]
Aye, Captain.  Tuvok to bridge. I have accessed the holo-matrix. Now, Tuvok. [Sickbay] One of them is transmitting a message to the Doctor. I'm detecting a series of antimatter explosions. No ships. No planets. Nothing.
I am picking up proton surges just outside the ship. The first was off the port beam and the second two were off the starboard bow. Captain, there is one life sign aboard that vessel. (The ship disappears again.)TUVOK: It is no longer on our sensors. There has been an explosion on the vessel. No lifesigns. But you say that she claims she was on Voyager before this. Display Voyager's route towards the Alpha Quadrant. There's no proof that you ever came aboard Voyager. Her story seems to be legitimate, but there are further steps to take. I'd rather not engage in speculation. It is a dangerous pastime. [Mess hall] Understood, Commander. Shield strength down to twenty nine percent. Firing. (The phasers take their cloaks offline, and the attacking ships go to warp.) A reasonable expectation. What are her skills? Mister Neelix could use an assistant in the mess hall. If you choose to interpret my remark as humorous, that is your decision. It's perfectly logical. All the qualities you mentioned would help in defending Neelix against the periodic wrath of the crew. Perhaps. I'll assign her to a team and let her observe for a week. At the end of that time I'll evaluate her situation. Commander, I've been giving some thought to the fact that the Ramuran ships might be in pursuit and could attack us again. Their proton weapons were particularly effective against us. If Kellin would work with Seven and Ensign Kim, perhaps we could devise a strategy to defend ourselves. Have her report to Astrometrics at thirteen hundred hours. [Astrometrics lab]
Can you be more specific? A logical, though highly speculative, analysis. [Jefferies tube] They are hailing us. Shields to full. (Whumph!) Correct. Yes. Not directly. I determined the yield. That's correct. The Captain wanted nothing left for the Kazon to use. I calculated a yield certain to produce that result. Do you have evidence of a tractor beam? Speculation is not evidence. There was no tractor beam, because there was no ship in the vicinity to generate one, unless you can prove otherwise. We're being hailed. Final launch sequence has been initiated. (The two sides of the catapult activate with beams that pull at Tash's ship. Then it vanishes.) If his vessel survived, one or two hours.  I'm picking up a transmission, heavily distorted.  She's altering course, heading for the catapult. No response. Our targeting scanners are out of alignment.
They observe eight daily services.  Energise. (Two stern figures are beamed aboard.) I'll show you to the briefing room.
Captain, need I remind you the Borg often return to salvage damaged cubes. Particularly if he's accompanied by an experienced Tactical Officer. These drones were killed in an explosion. There are only a few left intact. Two to beam out. Three humanoids have just transported aboard this vessel.
We're being hailed by Ensign Kim. Audio only.  Two Annari ships have entered orbit. They are hailing. That won't be necessary, Captain. Ensign Kim is hailing us. A cloaked vessel. It's directly astern. KIM
We're receiving a transmission. Romulans?
Negative. The signal is at maximum gain.
Tuvok to Voyager. Voyager, do you read? You must lie still. Several of your vertebrae have been fractured. I'm afraid the shuttle's medical supplies are inadequate. We must wait for Voyager to find us. I want you to slow your breathing, and relax your muscles. Try not to move. I believe Ensign Macormak would miss you a great deal. It's all right, don't be frightened. I won't hurt you. Will you run if I do? (She struggles then gives up.) My name is Tuvok. Who are you? I am not a member of your race. I am Vulcan. I thought this moon was uninhabited. Do you live here? Where are your parents? Yes. I put a stasis field around his body to protect it until I can take it back to my ship. Some cultures, like Mister Bennet's, consider an appropriate burial to be a sign of respect. Tressa, is there anyone else here with you? (She nods.) There is no one looking after you? There is no reason to be afraid. I will take care of you now and see that you get home safely. (The second girl and the boy run over and hug Tuvok, then Tressa joins in.) Captain's log, supplemental. I've sent out scouting parties to analyse the mineral deposits in the moons around Drayan Two. Meanwhile, I've arranged to meet with the planet's leader. [Corridor] Yes. I have secured his body within a stasis field. You were all very fortunate to have escaped the crash with only a few bruises. Attendants? We cannot leave yet. My shuttle is in need of repairs. I believe so. However, I am more concerned with getting through the electrodynamic turbulence in the ionosphere. A thermal inversion gradient is causing unusually strong and unpredictable currents in the upper levels of the atmosphere. Those currents caused my shuttle to crash, and I assume yours as well. I must find a way to safely navigate through the turbulence before we can attempt to leave. It may. You must be patient. Your displeasure doesn't change our situation. Nor does it bring us any closer to a solution It isn't my intention to be mean. I only wish to provide you with a realistic assessment. Vulcan parents never shield their children from the truth. Doing so would only hinder their ability to cope with inevitable difficulties. There is a supply of Starfleet rations in the shuttle. Concentrated vitamin enriched nutritional supplements. We have only rations. Now, I must begin working on my shuttle. By my estimate we have fewer than four hours of daylight remaining. Is that some species of animal? I'm not detecting any life forms other than ourselves. Have any of you ever seen this creature? I believe your anxiety about our situation is causing you to imagine the presence  Where did you last see the missing children? Were either of them injured? But both were able to walk. Did any of you hear them get up during the night? The other children aren't within scanning range of this tricorder. That is the only thing we know for certain at this time. Children, you are allowing your fears to guide you. You must learn to exercise control over your own imagination. Yes, the existence of such a creature is one possibility. However, your emotional reactions are preventing you from accurately judging how unlikely that is to be true. I believe you can help it. Vulcan children learn to detach themselves from their emotions at an early age. First, you must focus on the object of your fear. Picture the Morrok clearly in your minds. That image is accompanied by an emotional response. Describe for me what that feeling is like. Now, if you could see this emotion in physical form, what would it look like? Then imagine a strong wind is pushing that cloud away. Watch as your fear grows more distant. It is no longer a part of you. Once you begin to detach yourselves from your emotional responses, you come closer to controlling them. Eventually, they will be eliminated altogether. More accurately, we strive to control our feelings. No. That is correct. The circumstances are irrelevant. A Vulcan approaches every situation logically. Now I must begin work on my shuttle. We will resume the search for the other children once the sensors are operational. I expect each of you to sit quietly and not touch any of the equipment. Elani, please put that down. Be careful with that! You will stay here and you will stay here. (Tuvok puts them either side of the shuttle.) Yes. All Vulcans have similarly shaped ears. It is the result of many millennia of evolution. No. My homeworld is on the other side of the galaxy. Elani. Elani! I asked you not to play with that. It helps prepare you to attain a meditative state. Now, close your eyes and imagine all the energy in your body is flowing to the point where your fingertips meet. Nothing else you hear or feel is important. Let the outside world fade away. You exist only inside your mind. (Corin and Tressa copy Elani.) Yes. I have four children. Now you must concentrate. Well behaved. They had already mastered several states of heightened awareness by the time they were your age. My attachment to my children cannot be described as an emotion. They are part of my identity, and I am incomplete without them. Yes. You may. Yes. I believe so. [Shuttle] The sensors are only partially functional. I'm attempting to identify the ship by its shield harmonics. It is not a shuttle from Voyager. The pattern of the harmonics matches that of the ships we scanned in orbit around Drayan. It seems your people have come looking for you. I don't understand. I thought you wanted to go home. For what purpose? Why would your own people want to harm you? Two of them are coming this way. This will hide us from their scanners. (Corin makes some leaves rustle, but the Drayans do not find them.) Why do you believe they've come to kill you? It is illogical for a society to kill its own children. Vulcans believe that a person's katra, what some might call a soul, continues to exist after the body dies. When I was younger, I accepted it without question. In recent years I have experienced doubts. I do believe there is more in each of us than science has yet explained. There is nothing wrong in choosing to live. Until I can gain a better understanding of your situation, I believe it would be best to get you safely back to Voyager. [Bridge] I don't see how you can be thirsty again after four drinks of water. I can go several days without rest if necessary. You cannot. It's warmer by the fire. Go back and try to sleep. Do not worry. I have run several thorough scans of the area. There are no other life forms present, inside the cave or anywhere within five kilometres. I am also keeping watch on all of you from here. If there is any indication of trouble I will come immediately. Apparently not. I added more wood less than a half an hour ago. However, it might be wise to check it again. I never understood the practice in some cultures of describing ferocious creatures in an attempt to lull children to sleep. If my children had difficulty sleeping, I would play music for them. Unfortunately I don't have my lute. It is a five-stringed instrument tuned on a diatonic scale. It can be very soothing. My youngest son was particularly fond of it. He always used to ask me to play Falor's Journey. It is a tale of enlightenment consisting of three hundred forty eight verses. It may not be necessary to include the complete narrative. Falor was a prosperous merchant who went on a journey to gain greater awareness. 'Through storms he crossed the Voroth Sea To reach the clouded shores of Raal Where old T'Para offered truth. (sings) He travelled through the windswept hills And crossed the barren Fire Plains To find the silent monks of Kir. Still unfulfilled, he journeyed home Told stories of the lessons learned And gained true wisdom by the giving. (The children fall asleep. Next morning, Tuvok is working inside the shuttle when -)  There were no other lifeforms and no unusual energy readings within sensor range all night. Very well, I'll investigate. I'd like you to wait here while I look inside the cave. I will take every possible precaution. I believe you can be responsible with this. Aim like this and press here to fire. I'll seal the shuttle's door while I am gone. If there is anything in the cave, it may help us determine what has been happening here. It is very important to gather as much as information as possible. We often fear what we do not understand. Our best defence is knowledge. You must trust me, Tressa. I will return shortly. I will not abandon you. (Tuvok hands the phaser to Tressa, leaves and closes the shuttle hatch. He goes into the cave and finds Corin's clothes and boots, then two more sets. He returns to the shuttle.) I realise it may frighten you, but you must hear the truth. Suffice it to say, I did not find the other children, nor do I have any explanation of what happened to them. The disappearances have occurred only at night. We will attempt to leave here before the sun sets. That would make it difficult for you to assist me with repairs. [Bridge] Tuvok to Voyager. Voyager, do you read? Yes, Captain, but Ensign Bennet is dead. Yes. I have been avoiding them. I have a young girl with me who claims they have come to kill her. I was reluctant to believe it at first, but several other children have disappeared. They have disappeared. Something on this moon is responsible. We must leave here. I'm attempting to repair (Transmission lost.)  Manoeuvring thrusters and impulse engines are functional. We're ready to lift off. I have determined that a dielectric field should allow us to pass through them. However, you should still be prepared for some turbulence. Initiating pre-launch sequence. Number three thruster is failing, attempting to stabilise. [Shuttlecraft] I'm attempting an emergency procedure. Please move away from the console. (A shower of sparks then the shuttle lifts off.) I regret that may be a premature conclusion. The process of powering the thrusters has left us with minimal shields and no functional weapons. Voyager will be watching for us. When we clear the atmosphere, we can be transported aboard the ship. You may request asylum with the Federation if you wish. Then we'll be able to protect you. The Drayan shuttle is hailing us. She believes you intend to kill her. Is that true? We can resolve this matter aboard Voyager. Do what you will. We weren't hit. I believe that was a warning. [Shuttlecraft] That may be too late, Captain. I'm losing power rapidly. I believe another hit will force me to land. All I can tell you is, I will be here with you. What she fears most is being kept here against her wishes. I will not leave without Tressa. She has asked for my protection and I intend to provide it. She has barely begun it. Tressa doesn't seem to be ready. Perhaps she needs more time. She can offer you better guidance than I. I cannot protect you from the natural conclusion of life, nor would I try. Vulcans consider death to be the completion of a journey. There is nothing to fear. No, I'll be fine. (Tuvok and Tressa are left alone.) We'll wait here as long as you like. You will still be with them, in their thoughts. As you will be in mine. (Tressa and Tuvok walk to the cave, and go inside.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Aye Captain.  I've made numerous hails on wideband subspace. The only response has been a single repeating message. If we are not to go around their space the only available option is to go through it. Would it affect your decision if I pointed out that encroaching on the territory of an alien species is prohibited by starfleet regulations? Captain, you have managed to surprise me.  Captain, long range sensors show a large vessel 5 light years from our current position. I'm not reading any energy signatures. Their propulsion systems must be off line. They appear not to have detected us. They have not powered up engines. Still unpowered. They don't seem to have detected us. Captain, I'm detecting another ship, not part of the swarm. It has been damaged, propulsion systems are not functional. Captain, I am detecting a vessel. They are scanning us, Captain. I am getting a response. Audio only. Channel is open. The energy expenditure was not high enough to cause any damage. It may not have been a weapon. Captain, the swarm of ships has powered their engines and turned toward us. They are in pursuit. They will be in weapons range in five minutes. The ships are now within range, Captain, but I do not detect any indication that they are powering weapons. Negative. Sensors show no weapons signature at all. Aye Captain. Aye Captain. Since our shield strength is non-existent, I would not recommend it. Captain, they are clamping onto our hull. But the phaser fire will be reflected back toward us. Ship's phasers are locked on a target, Captain. The swarm of ships has disbanded, Captain. They are moving away.
The attack lasted no more than a few seconds, but it was highly effective. I feel Commander Chakotay and I are fortunate to be alive. We had completed our trade mission with the Ilidarians and were on course to the rendezvous point when we encountered a dark matter nebula. As we began a routine analysis, an unidentified ship emerged and attacked our shuttle. No. They would not respond to our hails. We were hit by an energy discharge which penetrated our shields and filled the cabin. Commander Chakotay lost consciousness immediately, and I was barely able to activate the autopilot before I was overcome as well. The last image I saw was the ship flying back into the nebula, but the details are difficult to remember. No. There was no time for a detailed analysis. However, the shuttle's sensors may have recorded information that could be helpful. I will download the sensor logs.  The energy discharge overloaded the shuttlecraft's central computer core. All sensor data have been erased. Aye, Captain. I agree. Is there a problem? This command station has been blocked. The lockout originated on deck twelve, section B seven, navigational control. Helm control re-established. We are merely following a line of deductive reasoning, Lieutenant. Both deviations from our course were apparently issued from locations where you were working. Your report, Doctor? On the contrary, Lieutenant. I ran a forensic sweep of the navigational control. I found traces of your DNA on the console. The cellular residue you left behind is less than twelve hours old. Do you still wish to maintain your innocence? Keep me informed, Doctor. [Bridge] (Durst enters.) I believe I have found the ion trail of the ship that attacked us. It leads directly into the dark matter nebula. This is the nebula, and this is the ion trail. As you can see, their flight path is highly erratic. A reasonable assumption. I recommend we follow their exact flight path. Intruder alert. All security personnel, go to Condition Four. Captain, it is possible the intruder returned with us in the shuttlecraft. Captain, Kes's telepathic abilities are undisciplined. If I could initiate a Vulcan mind-meld with her, I may be able to help her focus those abilities to detect the alien more accurately.  It was similar to the attack on the shuttlecraft. An energy discharge came through the bulkhead, filled the turbolift and hit both of us. Perhaps this type of energy is beyond our sensor bandwidth. Stay where you are, Mister Kim. I am reconfiguring the sensor relays on the ship. This will only take a minute. I am sorry, Doctor. Captain's orders. How is she? Odd. There was no physical struggle that I can recall. Lieutenant Torres and I will be ready to initiate the magneton scan in approximately two hours. You should be aware that it will be a high-intensity burst. It will cause dizziness and disorientation in all crew members, including myself, for several seconds. Aye, Captain. There is another matter of some concern. It appears that Kes's injuries were not caused by an energy discharge. The doctor has found evidence that she was physically assaulted. That is correct. Me? It is possible. Perhaps we should have the doctor run a neurological scan to see if I show a memory disruption. It appears the lockout originated somewhere above deck four. The Doctor does hold the command codes to Voyager. If we assume the alien could not take over the holographic doctor, then logically it would try to force the command codes back into a humanoid host. A sensible precaution. But presumably not both of us at the same time. Captain? (Janeway hits Tuvok, knocking him down. He draws a phaser but she kicks it out of his hand.) Stun her! She's the alien! (Paris obeys. Then Kim pulls his phaser and Paris disarms him. Next to try and shoot Tuvok is Durst, but he misses. Paris hits him then Tuvok stuns all the bridge crew with a wide burst.) [Sickbay] (Paris gives Janeway a hypo.) I believe so. Mister Kim, lay in that course. Shields are at maximum, Captain. All preparations for entering the nebula are complete. I have no memory of injuring Kes. Perhaps I was occupied by the alien at that time. I am the Chief of Security. It may see me as a particular threat. Captain, I believe you are having a typically human response to circumstances which are frightening and inexplicable, commonly known as paranoia. I'm using a multiphasic scan. If you examine the alpha K band, you will see it. (draws phaser) Belay that order. That is exactly what the alien has been trying to do, keep us from entering the nebula. I suspect the captain has been occupied. I am relieving her of command. Ensign, proceed into the nebula, one half impulse. Now, Ensign. I must inform you this phaser is on wide beam dispersal and set to kill. I am taking command of this Bridge. I must ask you all to stand together where I can see you. Step away from the console, Ensign. (Tuvok takes over the operations console. The crew report to Janeway in hushed tones.) We are the Komar. This is our domain. (Down in Engineering, the thing flies around. Torres suddenly stiffens then goes to a control panel and does something. The ship jolts.) No. No! We must continue. Very perceptive, Captain. The collective neural energy of your crew will sustain my people for years to come. No apology is necessary.
Commander Chakotay failed to report in at the scheduled time. We tried hailing, but there was no response. It’s not in orbit. It’s resting on an energy barrier. Standard scans didn’t reveal its presence. We were only able to detect it with our Borg sensors. Logic suggests that possibility. Unfortunately, the barrier's deflecting all our scans. There’s no way to know if the shuttle or its occupants are on the other side. We believe they may have found a way through. Why did these aliens build the barrier? Perhaps if you gave us information about the barrier’s power source? We found a reference to similar technology in Seven’s Borg database. No, but it may have been constructed by people they later assimilated. Species three one two. If I can determine the appropriate frequency, I may be able to do the same thing. But there is risk involved. The shields are amplifying the feedback. We may be able to reconfigure a photon torpedo to detonate at the appropriate frequency. A torpedo shouldn’t create any. Theoretically. I am. It’s being deactivated from the inside. Naturally, you’ll want to get your people out, so they won’t be trapped inside as ours were. There’s a Ledosian vessel on an intercept course. It’s charging weapons. Direct hit to the transporters. They’re offline.
There is too much interference from the fold.
 Living space will be extremely limited. Take only those personal items which are absolutely essential. (Tuvok bumps into Neelix and his collection of duffel bags. He picks up a book which has fallen out.) What, may I ask, is this? Only essential items, Mister Neelix. A habit you will have to break until we're able to restore power to crew quarters. And these? (Bolsters and pillows.) I suggest you ask the Doctor to prescribe an anti-inflammatory. Mister Neelix. The blankets. You'll have to make do with standard issue bedding. I suggest you ask the Doctor A thermionic discharge has struck the forward shields. They're holding.  Shields are weakening. It would incinerate within seconds of entering the upper atmosphere. Need I remind you, Ensign, that there is no environment less hospitable to humanoid life than a Class Y. Even with modifications, it wouldn't be long before your suit began to corrode. Exposure to that atmosphere could kill you within minutes. There's too much interference. As you know, Captain, the landing procedure requires a significant output of energy. With shield strength as low as it is, we can't even be certain the ship will survive the descent. Commander Tuvok to all hands. Go to Blue alert and report to Code Blue stations. All operative decks report condition blue. A thermionic discharge. Shields down to eighty one percent. Shields at forty three percent. Shields at twenty two percent and falling. Negative. There's no more available power. I could give you a litany of damaged systems, Captain, but suffice it to say, now that we're down, we won't go up again soon. I've shut down life support everywhere but decks one and five. It should provide us with an extra hour of breathable air. Captain.  A large pool of the metallic compound is forming beneath the ship. We are sinking, Captain. [Science lab] Tuvok to Chakotay. The Captain has ordered an emergency ascent. [Bridge]  We must bring you back to the ship. Five? [Cavern]  Four of the away team are in Sickbay, Captain. I'm trying to get a lock on the fifth. It is Ensign Kim or rather, one of the Ensigns Kim. The ship is continuing to sink. Thrusters enabled. Dampers reconfigured. All stations report ready. We are being restrained by an electromagnetic force. No effect. Decks fourteen and fifteen are submerged. The ship is continuing to sink. Thrusters are offline due to an overload. Decks thirteen through fifteen are submerged. If we don't lift off soon, the hull will begin to corrode.  Even if thrusters are repaired, they won't be of much use if we sink any deeper. Aye, Captain. We're ready to try the nadion burst, Captain. Captain, we're receiving an urgent hail. It's from Ensign Kim. The one on the surface. Aye, Captain. [Transporter room] Captain, we are continuing to submerge. Acknowledged. Bridge to Janeway. We've stopped, Captain. We're no longer submerging. Captain? Code blue status confirmed.
We are too close. The phenomenon has been shifting positions every few minutes. We appear to be inside the disturbance. Then why hasn't a Federation starship encountered anything like this? If the physical constants are shifting, our sensors can't function. Bridge to Commander Chakotay. Please report to the bridge. What would most likely happen is a collision with an asteroid field or a star. Holding. Perhaps we could drop a series of beacons to help us navigate. I heard nothing unusual. Commander. Are you all right? Commander. Sensors are stable to one million kilometres. We won't be able to scan any further. Continuing to function. Warp capable. It's adrift and the outer hull is damaged. That was the final distress call. Then why hasn't anyone else been affected? Thompson and Sharr, target the midsection. Ensign MacAlister, you and I will aim for the head. Tactical advice from an Academy groundskeeper? We fire at your command, sir. Commander. Tuvok can take command.(Turbolift.) Beacon launched. Shields holding. Increasing power to the engines could affect Chaotic space. There are too many unknowns. His logic is undeniable, Captain. We should increase our speed. To be precise, one large circle. Bridge to Captain Janeway. Graviton shear has increased again. Hull pressure is rising. We are too We are too  Commander. He's recalibrating the deflector dish and routing it through the sensor array. I'm reading microfractures on the hull. Captain. We've re-entered normal space.
 Sensor logs show no record of any unauthorised transporter activity and all shuttlecraft are accounted for. If Ensign Kim left the ship, he did not do so by conventional means. There is significant interference in the holodeck. I cannot obtain a clear scan. I do not believe so.  The holodeck is definitely active. There appears to be a programme in progress. Manual overrides are not functioning. I cannot terminate the programme. Beowulf? I'm not detecting any life signs but there's still considerable interference. Computer, delete character. We must also consider the possibility that the safety programmes are malfunctioning as well. We have no desire to trespass. However, we are on an urgent mission, so if you would allow us to continue, we would appreciate it. Grandiloquence notwithstanding, that would qualify as a description of Mister Kim. How did you know he was Beowulf? A reasonable assumption. We would like more information about Beowulf. Would it be possible to examine his body? If you would allow us to assist you, perhaps we could help alleviate your terror. We have no intention of slaying anyone. We simply wish to examine the creature. Mister Kim was running a holonovel based on the poem Beowulf. According to the holo characters, he attempted to battle a creature of some kind and was killed in the process. Since the [Holodeck - Great Hall]  Safety programs are malfunctioning, we must consider the possibility.  Primary imaging matrix should be here behind this wooden panel. I will attempt to locate the auxiliary matrix. This ancient Earth culture seems fascinated with monsters. Such fables are necessary only in cultures which unduly emphasise emotional behaviour. I would point out there are no demons in Vulcan literature. That raises an uncomfortable possibility, Captain. [Holodeck - Great Hall]  If the holodeck's conversion nodes were contaminated, Ensign Kim may have inadvertently undergone the process of matter conversion. It is an object approximately one metre in diameter. Captain, the holo-characters told us Kim was killed by Grendel. An examination of this part of the programme might be advisable.
Congratulations.  Under a strict interpretation of Federation law, Mister Broht is correct. The Doctor has no legal rights. Yes. There is another option. We may be able to claim that the holonovel reveals classified information. Starfleet could then request that it be recalled for security purposes. But you don't deny [Astrometrics lab] That the Doctor is the creator of this holonovel? [Pathfinder lab] An intriguing analogy, Mister Broht. But I have never encountered a replicator that could compose music, or paint landscapes, or perform microsurgery. Have you? Would you say that you have a reputation for publishing respected, original works of literature? [Pathfinder lab] And is the Doctor's holonovel such a work?  Has there even been another work written about a hologram's struggle for equality? [Pathfinder lab] Then in [Astrometrics lab] That respect, it is original. [Pathfinder lab]  Your honour, Section seven gamma of the Twelfth Guarantee defines an artist as a person who creates an original artistic work. Mister Broht admits that the Doctor created this programme and that it is original. I therefore submit that the Doctor should be entitled to all rights and privileges accorded an artist under the law.  We're not doing well. If the Doctor doesn't have the right to control his own work, then it stands to reason he never had the right to enter into an agreement with Mister Broht. We could argue that the original contract is invalid.
 Computer, what is the time. It is three o'clock in the morning, Kes. You have an away team report due at oh eight hundred hours. Very well. [Doctor's office] It would also take Voyager off a direct course to the Alpha quadrant. The Tarkan are that powerful? You aren't planning on taking Kes anywhere near this part of space? From what I've surmised, that is something your people do not seem to value. You take many chances. It would please me to be able to give it. (Kes enters.) We will continue tomorrow.  The most curious aspect of the attack on Zahir was the apparent lack of evidence. Even the quickest, most violently delivered blow leaves behind some sort of molecular evidence. In this instance there was nothing. Not a single molecule. Yes, but he can recall nothing of the attack except a sudden blur of motion. Responding well to treatment. Concerned and at his side. [Sickbay] (Torres is lying on the floor when Janeway and Tuvok enter.) Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. Doctor, I have the raw data from the forensic investigation of the attack on Zahir. Your instruments are more precise than those on the outpost.  The members of our away team witnessed an altercation between you and Zahir on the day of the assault. You threatened him with a weapon. Then I suppose my colleagues are liars. This lodge is the last place Zahir was seen before he was attacked. You could have easily sent someone after him. A witness said he saw a light on in this room after your usual closing time, less than one hour after the time of the attack. Or perhaps conferring with whoever you paid to commit the assault. Excellent. We'll be speaking again very soon. Captain, Tuvok here. My tricorder scans of the area where Zahir was assaulted have revealed disturbing evidence. Residual holographic signatures exactly like those of the Doctor. I'm picking up residual infrared. The signature is consistent. We're within two hundred metres. (They catch up with the EMH and Kes. A phaser blast makes rocks block the path ahead.) His control over the Doctor's matrix appears to be deteriorating.
Sensors indicate damage to various subsystems. That is confirmed, Captain. Did you talk to Lieutenant Paris after he was detained? They're responding. Aye, Captain. How is this achieved? May we speak to him alone? Lieutenant, did you murder Professor Ren? Were you having improper relations with his wife? That does not answer my question. Apparently, he's entering another cycle. (Paris seems himself stab Tolen, and collapses. Janeway fetches Kray and the doctor.) Away team to Voyager. Three to beam up. [Sickbay] I would appreciate receiving a copy of your neurological analysis, Doctor. Nevertheless, I will want to examine it in detail. Perhaps. However, before the neural implants were developed, the Banean punishment for murder was lethal injection. It is possible they would view that as the only alternative sentence in this case. When he wakes up, I will require an autonomic response analysis while I question him again, Doctor. As an investigator, I do not have the freedom to ignore any possibility. Mister Paris maintains his innocence, yet the victim has identified him from the grave, and the victim's wife has testified against him at the trial. Someone is obviously lying. An ARA will tell us if it is Mister Paris. In the meantime, Captain, I request permission to return to the surface. I would like to examine the murder scene and speak with Mrs Ren. [The Ren's home] (Lidell opens the front door, carrying Neeka, who growls.) Mrs Ren? I'm Lieutenant Tuvok of the Starship Voyager. Would you mind if I asked you a few questions? I am the Starfleet Chief of Security investigating his alleged participation in your husband's murder. Based on your testimony, I assume this is where the murder occurred. You chose to remain in the house after an act of such violence occurred? I am a Vulcan, Mrs Ren. By nature, we are a dispassionate people. It is rare to encounter someone as dispassionate as we are. Thank you, no. Please. You testified at the trial that you and your husband had an argument the afternoon before he was killed. No. My wife and I have been married for sixty seven years. May I ask why you decided at this time to end your marriage to Professor Ren? That other man was Lieutenant Paris. Lieutenant Paris would have been departing this planet in a few days, and yet you left your husband of ten years for him. Exactly when did you see Mister Paris on the day of the murder? How did you know? Did you leave the room at any time during the fight between your husband and Lieutenant Paris? This is Lieutenant Tuvok. Thank you. I'll be returning shortly. Tuvok out. Thank you for your help, Mrs Ren. The last thing you remember is? Was there any evidence of a sedative in his system when he returned here? On my way, Commander. [Bridge] (Two ships are attacking Voyager. Chakotay is at the helm.) Acknowledged. Numiri ships are closing. Four thousand kilometres. Two thousand kilometres. One thousand five hundred kilometres. Both Numiri vessels are disabled, Captain. Based on the ARA, I am convinced Lieutenant Paris believes what he is saying. However, I can offer no tangible evidence on his behalf. Considering the urgency of the situation, I believe the only logical alternative at this time is to witness the crime myself. I propose a mind meld with Lieutenant Paris. I've examined your neurological reports, Doctor, and I believe the risk is acceptable. Captain, the answers I seek can only be found in the eyes of the murdered man. It may be our only chance to prove Lieutenant Paris innocent. Captain, I must consult with Ensign Kim immediately. I assume he has access to Professor Ren's research. I believe it will explain not only why Lieutenant Paris has been accused of a murder he did not commit, but also why the Numiri chose to attack us. [Ready room]  Numiri patrol approaching, bearing zero six seven, mark two four. Range, one hundred thousand kilometres and closing. They're changing course, Captain. If I am incorrect, we will know it shortly. [Shuttlecraft] With your permission, I would like to invite all interested parties to meet at the scene of the murder in two hours.  Lieutenant Paris was not the man Professor Ren saw before he was murdered. It is true, Paris's image was seen in the memories examined during the trial. However, that is because someone altered the engrams from Professor Ren's brain. I would suggest, sir, that there is no such thing as a technology that is entirely safe from tampering. On the contrary. I have not forgotten your statement, Mrs Ren. However, I now know it is clearly false. Mister Paris, would you please stand next to Mrs Ren? If you wouldn't mind. The man Professor Ren observed with his wife was virtually equal in height to her. Clearly, Lieutenant Paris is several centimetres taller. Vulcans have the ability to meld telepathically with another's mind. I observed your husband's memories as Lieutenant Paris went through a cycle. I watched as the killer stabbed Professor Ren right here, through the intercostal space between the eighth and ninth right ribs, the exact location of the Banean heart. The killer clearly knew Banean anatomy. Lieutenant Paris did not. There is additional evidence. For example, we can now say for certain that Professor Ren was murdered by a Numiri agent. Lieutenant, did you notice the stream of symbols and numbers that were superimposed on the images? In researching this procedure, I found no other reference to this phenomenon. I have now confirmed that these symbols and numbers were equations taken from Professor Ren's weapons research. Someone intended them to be delivered to the Numiri. He was a logical courier. The Numiri agents knew he could leave the planet's surface without raising suspicion. The Numiri made two attempts to gain access to Mister Paris. They attacked just after he returned to Voyager, and then again when he was in the shuttle. You knew when Mister Paris would be in transit, Minister. The doctor is the one who encouraged you to release him to our custody. He is also the one who performed the implant procedure. I know of no one else who had the opportunity and knowledge to carry out this plan. Would you please stand again, Mrs Ren? You forget the other witness who was here on the night of the murder, Doctor. Would you mind asking her to come in? (The doctor opens the door indicated by Tuvok, and Neeka enters, jumping on her hind legs around him.) It appears that you are no stranger to Neeka, doctor. Mister Paris. It seemed a necessary step to ensure a truthful resolution. I conducted a criminal investigation. If you had been guilty, I assure you I would have pursued the truth just as vigilantly. You have no debt to me, Mister Paris. I prefer to read rather than engage in, what do humans call it? Short talk? Perhaps.
We were able to shut down the holodeck simulation that your programme was generating. Commander Chakotay transferred you back to Sickbay. You seem to have suffered no damage. No. In fact, except for the computer problems, it has been an uneventful day. Yes, Commander. His programme is functioning normally. Acknowledged.
They are heavily damaged. Multiple hull breaches. Warp drive is offline. There are no other ships in the vicinity. I am attempting to match their shield frequency. Stand by. Shields are holding. We should begin by familiarising you with Voyager's defences. Nevertheless, it is a tactical weakness. Perhaps we can exploit it.  Lateral shields are offline. Apparently, the aliens began to focus their attacks on a single shield vector. It collapsed before the auxiliary emitters could respond. The moment an alien invades either ship, a forcefield will surround it. Approximately fourteen hours. It's within tolerance. There are times when perfection hinders efficiency. It should have dissipated by now.  The lab was contaminated intentionally. Only one. Ransom doesn't want us to enter the research lab. Shall I notify Captain Ransom?  Doctor?  Can you be more specific? Captain Janeway wishes to speak with you. [Briefing room]  We're preparing to bring it online. Charge the emitters. [Bridge]  Activate the grid. What happened?  Tuvok to Bridge. The field generator is offline. Its power couplings were disengaged. Shields are holding at sixty two percent. They've damaged our deflector, Captain. If it goes offline, we'll be vulnerable to the alien attacks.  Shields are weakening, Captain. Shields are weakening. Thirty one percent, twenty nine.  Bridge to the Captain. We've lost shields in section twenty nine alpha.  Captain, a fissure is opening in that section. Captain, the Ankari ship has done nothing A difficult place to start a negotiation. We will punish them according to our own rules. They will be imprisoned. They will lose their freedom. Captain. These beings would destroy Captain Ransom and his crew. Your behaviour is irrational. We could find another solution.  They are firing torpedoes. They are launching another torpedo. I've been rotating the shield frequency every ten seconds.
 They're not responding to our hails. Channel open. [EMH narrative - Garan Mine] Aye sir. I've erected the biocontainment fields. The area has been sealed. [EMH narrative - Mess hall] EMH
Someone has altered one of my holodeck programs. Again. The Oracle of K'Tal isn't programmed to wear pyjamas. I am not amused by your practical jokes, Mister Paris. Mister Kim? The next time I visit the holodeck, I expect to find my programme restored to its original parameters. How do we know your records are authentic? Perhaps to extort dilithium from us. A legitimate question.  I'm detecting a vessel on long range scans. The warp signature matches the impostor's ship. Three direct hits. Shields down to sixty percent. Shields down to forty one percent. Indeed. I beg your pardon, Captain? The Telsian criminal justice system is rather barbaric. Barely habitable. Inmates often die of malnutrition before they are brought to trial. Torture is commonplace, as is disease, including several incurable forms of psoriasis. Improvisation is not foremost among my talents. Thank you, Captain. Was your order to call the Telsians part of the deception or did you actually want me to contact them? Do you believe she'll relent? Then am I to assume you have an alternative plan? Your logic is flawed. (Tuvok blinds Mobar with his flashlight, then stuns
Your count is accurate. As a Vulcan, I can function without sleep for more than two weeks. My mind, Mister Neelix, does not play tricks. If you would allow me to continue my sensor analysis, I might be able to locate them. As you were. Bridge to Chakotay. Request permission to be relieved. We're picking up a subspace transmission. Starfleet frequency. Origin? Lay in a course. Maximum warp. [Open Air Theatre]
In what sense? Impressive. (They go down the stairs to the market place.) And no doubt one of the best. I'm curious to know more about your crime prevention methods. The transport site is this way. The brig is primarily used as a means of ensuring the safety of others. For example, if we find ourselves with a hostile alien in our custody, we may need to confine the individual until we can locate the proper authorities. And on rare occasions we have been forced to incarcerate a crew member who has committed a serious infraction. It's extremely rare. In any case, the brig has been occupied for less than one percent of our journey. Go ahead, Ensign. Chief Examiner, are you suspicious of my colleagues for some reason?  Then you don't accept the Chief Examiner's conclusion? I have spent a great deal of time with Nimira over the last few days. She clearly is a very skilled investigator. And this isn't the first time Lieutenant Torres' violent proclivities have created problems. From what I've learned, crime here is a result of exposure to violent thought, much as it was on Vulcan before my people learned to control their emotions. In my opinion, the Mari should be applauded for their efforts. But we must prepare ourselves for the probability that she will turn out to be culpable for the crime. It concerns the attacker, Mister Frane. According to your own security records, he was arrested on four previous occasions for harbouring violent thoughts. You classified him as an habitual perpetrator of hostile images. Still, it is possible that Frane had a relapse. That he alone is responsible for his actions in the marketplace. And you are certain no other violent thoughts were present? I am simply exploring all logical options. As a fellow law enforcement officer, you should understand that. I am not judging your culture. In fact, I admire it. I have enjoyed your company in particular. But I cannot abandon my responsibility to B'Elanna. I must continue my own investigation. I know this is difficult for you, Mister Neelix, but try to recount for me everything that happened. Did the old woman say anything? I am not certain. But it strikes me as more than coincidence that two violent altercations have occurred within two days in a city which purports to have eliminated virtually all crime. Tuvok here. Permission granted. Have her escorted to the briefing room. Tuvok out. We will continue later. I will do my best, Mister Neelix.  [Briefing room] I heard what happened. Do you have any idea what caused this latest attack? And? B'Elanna's thought? But both she and Frane are in custody. How could the thought have been passed to anyone else? Then you shall have it. I have. A wise choice. In the meantime, I would like to interview B'Elanna more extensively. Perhaps a fresh perspective might uncover facts you hadn't considered. It will be a limited meld. I will focus exclusively on your memories of the events surrounding the crime. It poses no danger. Are you ready? Your mind to my mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. Recall your encounter with Mister Frane. He bumped into you. What happened next? And after that? And what were you thinking at that moment? I'm sensing something more to the encounter than what you've told me. Try to recall. It may be important. You said he'd been reading your mind during the negotiation. Was he still doing it? You experienced negative feelings about him. In what sense? You may be recalling an unconscious thought you had at the time, or an intuition. Perhaps I should ask Mister Guill.  [Covered walkway]  Mister Guill. I'm Commander Tuvok, Voyager's Chief of Security. I'm here to talk to you about the attack. My crewmate, Lieutenant Torres, has been charged with the crime. I believe you're acquainted with her. The Chief Examiner believes it was her violent thought which prompted the beating. Apparently she was almost knocked over while doing business with you. Do you recall that? That is correct. I am conducting my own investigation of the crime. I am in control of those images. All members of the Vulcan race learn to inhibit emotions. If my unconscious thoughts are disturbing you, I will attempt to suppress them further. I sense that you are fascinated with my unconscious thoughts. That you would like to see more of them if you could. Help me? No, thank you. I have sufficient means of controlling them. No. I was thinking abut what you said. Your interest in my unconscious thoughts. Perhaps we could help each other. By telepathically exchanging violent images. That is what you want, isn't it? To see what's buried in my unconscious. Because you know we are very much alike. Perhaps I was mistaken. Fascinating. I'll need a few moments to recover. It is not often that I exercise those skills. Is that how you acquire your merchandise? Which is what you did to Lieutenant Torres. So you know Mister Frane? Well enough to be in business with him? I am interested in the thought he acquired from B'Elanna. Her violent tendencies have always fascinated me, yet I've never succeeded in probing her mind. If you could help me purchase that thought Odd. I was certain you possessed it. Didn't you extract the thought from B'Elanna as well just after she collided with Frane? I re-evaluated B'Elanna's memories of the incident. She remembers that you probed her mind. Perhaps. Or perhaps you did extract that image, which would explain why that same thought is still in circulation. Why it prompted a murder this morning. The only person you'll be sharing thoughts with tonight is the Chief Examiner. Stand aside. You are responsible for a death. You're justifying murder. No. If I show you, will you let me go? Come in closer. (Tuvok grabs Guill's head.)TUVOK: Don't be alarmed. This will allow you to see the deepest recesses of my mind. My mind to your mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. We are locked in a Vulcan mind meld. You don't understand the truth of violence. Its darkness, its power. I have discovered that Guill and Frane are responsible for the beating in the marketplace, and consequently for Talli's murder. That is correct. That is not in dispute. However, Lieutenant Torres' thought was not transferred accidentally. When Guill first met Lieutenant Torres, he sensed strong, violent tendencies within her. A potential for mental imagery which interested him. In order to exploit that potential, he conspired with Frane to provoke B'Elanna. They wanted to trigger a violent thought so they could telepathically draw it from her mind. It is precisely what happened. Unfortunately, they underestimated the intensity of the thought. It was more powerful than anything either of them had ever experienced. As a result, Frane lost control and attacked the victim. My investigation has uncovered a rather disturbing side of Mari society. A black market if you will, in which many of your citizens trade in illicit mental imagery. Guill is a very prominent figure in this underground. Or was, until I brought him into custody. It seems you have a somewhat more serious problem than the random thoughts of a single alien. Then I suggest you interrogate Guill yourselves. His engrammatic record will undoubtedly confirm what I've told you. We have him confined, in our brig. Captain's log, supplemental. Chief Examiner Nimira has taken custody of Mister Guill. Whether his arrest will lead to reforms in the Mari justice system is anyone's guess. In the meantime, the Doctor is treating Lieutenant Torres and Commander Tuvok. [Sickbay] I was merely pursuing the truth.  It is incumbent upon us to respect the laws of the societies we visit. My views have been somewhat modified. If you must know, investigating this case has given me a new respect for your inner struggle. Burdened as you are by your primitive Klingon psyche, it is a wonder you are able to keep your violent thoughts under control as much as you do. You're welcome. Of course, there are various Vulcan techniques which could help you increase your self-control.
We're entering visual range. They are powering weapons. Shields holding, no damage. Should I return fire? Direct hit. Lieutenant, we do have other business to attend to. We might try reinforcing the field with a deflector beam. Negative. The ocean appears to have been stabilised from within.  Captain, there has just been an unauthorised launch from shuttlebay one, The Delta Flyer. No response. We're out of range. Unadvisable. It would create a hydro-dynamic shock wave. It should be possible to modify a photon torpedo. The torpedo is ready, Captain. However, the Delta Flyer has submerged below our targeting range. He descended to avoid attack. If my calculations are correct, he will have to come back up to a depth of two thousand metres to strike his target. Precisely.  Eight. Seven. Six. [Delta Flyer]  Two. One. Deflected. Captain's log, Stardate 52179.4. After salvaging the Delta Flyer, we've resumed our course toward the Alpha Quadrant. I now have to turn my attention to a matter of discipline. [Ready room]  Rise and shine, Ensign. Your thirty days have been served. Report for duty. You may want to shave first.
Commander Chakotay appears to have disobeyed a direct order. Unknown. Shields are holding. Minor damage to the hull plating on deck fifteen. Are you sure that's wise, Captain? Aye, Captain. Deflector at full capacity. On the contrary. Her concerns are based in logic. If the Doctor uses knowledge that Moset gained through his experiments, we would be validating his methods, inviting further unethical research. We would know.  Ensign Kim, do you hear something? A series of high frequencies. They are getting louder. It appears to be an alien comm. signal. Triaxilating wavelengths. Unknown. Perhaps they are waiting for our response.  I'm reading an energy surge in their forward section. (Whumph!) They've locked on to us with some sort of tractor beam. It's draining our power. No effect. We do have weapons. Captain. Shields are failing, Captain. The alien ship is withdrawing, Captain. (Full power is restored, and they get a final screech message.)
We're at the leading edge of a shockwave. (Kes wakes from her sleep and sits upright. The shaking stops.) It consists of differentially charged polaric ions, Captain. No satellite system in orbit, no evidence of space craft. Radiation is within acceptable levels. Atmosphere, breathable. It recalls the Chaltok Four incident. A Romulan research colony was nearly destroyed during the testing of one these devices. It lead to the Polaric Test Ban Treaty of 2268. Hear what, Lieutenant? The chain reaction has shattered subspace, Captain. Why haven't they been able to return as Mister Paris did the first time? If I know Captain Janeway, she would activate a subspace beacon to assist us. How do you suggest we do that? The logical place to begin would be at the same location they disappeared. (Fizz! The green beam stops.) The scanners are not showing any subspace fractures in the area now. I'm still not showing any lifesigns. [Room] It only means their comm. badges were caught in the explosion. Further speculation serves no purpose. I suggest we search for other tangible evidence. [Room] (The tricorders are on the table.) Please elaborate. How can you feel their presence? Affirmative.  Showing a subspace fracture, co-ordinates one four one by twenty one by fourteen, five percent drift, range four metres. May I ask what you expect to accomplish by doing that? Unlikely. It would be a highly questionable decision in light of the Prime Directive. The issue is whether Captain Janeway would go there, not you, Commander. Affirmative. They remain quite numerous in this area.  Four one by three one zero. Two percent drift, range six metres, mark. It is highly unlikely that Captain Janeway would come here to I feel it is my duty to point out there is absolutely no logical reason to believe Kes is correct. However, since I have no alternative course of action to recommend at this time, I suggest we proceed. Negative, Captain. Sensors do show humanoid life. There is no satellite system and no indications of space craft in the vicinity. It appears to be a pre-warp civilisation.
None. Was it attacked? Captain? Do you believe the Borg sphere is damaged enough for us to penetrate its defences? I have a visual.  We are at the shield matrix. Stand by. Spatial charges. Here, there and there. (Seven and Janeway arrive at their target.) [Bridge]  Tuvok to Janeway. Charges set. We're returning to the transport Bridge, stand by for transport. Energise. [Bridge]  None. Perhaps we could modify our transporters? Camouflage. We need four of these devices. How soon can you replicate them? Begin immediately. I'll inform the Captain. Spatial charges here, there and there. (Janeway and Seven arrive at the transwarp coil.) TUVOK: Tuvok to Janeway, charges I don't know. A member of the crew has requested an appointment with the Captain. I informed her that you were occupied, but she was insistent. Power output fluctuating. I'm detecting residual transwarp signatures. They match the Borg Sphere. I'm detecting thousands of integrated substructures, trillions of lifeforms, all Borg. I don't believe so. Aye, Captain. [Borg Queen's chamber] I have isolated Seven's position. She's inside a large infrastructure approximately six hundred kilometres away. Seven is inside a large chamber. Not at this distance. I believe so. Try to locate the shield matrix. I can disable the forcefield, but it will take several minutes. Proceed. (Janeway goes through the forcefield, and her bio-dampener fritzes.) You'll be detected. Direct hit to our tactical array. Weapons are down. They're targeting our engines. Rerouting emergency power. Still in pursuit, closing rapidly. They're locking on.
Perhaps these images have been manipulated. How so? Understood. Commander Chakotay is correct. In my youth, I studied many forms of martial art, including the Sumo of Earth. I have followed the sport ever since. (The EMH enters.) Exactly. Perhaps you should accompany me to Sickbay, Doctor. Doctor, we must return to Sickbay. There is a certain logic to your logic. Progress? You've been here for sixteen hours. Let me continue while you rest.
They've been engulfed in the shearline of the nebula. Your nanoprobes? How? Take him to Sickbay. (Mulchaey is helped out of the lab. Seven approaches the chamber.) What are you doing? It appears to be in the foetal stage. They began to assimilate? The drone has increased in mass by seventeen percent. You intend to let it mature? Curious. His body plating is composed of polydeutonic alloy It is logical to assume this drone will be equally advanced. In essence. Has it contacted the Borg Collective? Apparently not. Are you sure that's wise? Proceed. (Seven holds out her left fist and the drone steps backwards.) Long range sensors picked up a transwarp conduit. A ship is approaching. Approximately three hours. They are hailing us. They've locked on a tractor beam. Our shields are remodulating. He's inside the sphere. [Borg Sphere]
