He met with the same fate as did thirty of our own warriors. My lord is fatigued. It is time to retire. To what purpose? To raise false hopes in our king again, as did your kinsman? Leave us alone in our misery. They deserve nothing! If their Beowulf was truly the champion he claimed to be, then Grendel would be dead, his head mounted on a spear! Instead, we spend yet another night in terror. Your names mean nothing to me. There are no songs of your deeds nor stories of the battles you have fought. Who are you to believe you can slay Grendel? Grendel might not wish to be examined without a fight. And if you would fight Grendel, then you will first prove your worth to me. Defend yourselves! (Hrothgar puts his hand on Unferth's sword.) To what purpose? To raise false hopes again, as have others before you? Leave us alone in our misery. Your name means nothing to me. There are no songs of your deeds nor stories of the battles you have fought. Who are you to believe you can slay Grendel? Indeed you do. And if you will fight Grendel, then you will first prove your worth to me. Defend yourself! (The EMH puts down his tricorder and takes the sword which Freya holds out to him.) If this is your best, then you should thank me. Grendel would destroy you with far greater ease than I. So be it. (Unferth's swing goes straight through the EMH and the sword hits the floor, hurting his wrist. Unferth falls to his knees in pain.) Yes. Tell us a tale of your prowess in battle. You'll excuse me, my lord, if I take leave of this folly. My lord! It grows late. It is time to retire. You may have deceived them with your tricks, but the king is old and desperate for hope, and the rest are just fools! We shall see. The morning will prove if your deeds are as strong as your words. (Unferth leaves. Freya stokes the fire. She has taken off her armour.) You lie! No man could survive an encounter with Grendel unless he were in league with the beast. You have brought that talisman to destroy us all! No! You speak his lies now. He has bewitched you. Then that gives me reason enough to make sure it never gets there. (Unferth knocks the EMH down. Freya blocks his sword swing.) Prepare to die, demon. (Unferth swings, and Freya gets in front of the EMH. Unferth takes the container and leaves.) Here, sire. (Unferth gives Hrothgar the glowing container. The EMH enters.) Do not listen to him. He has already killed Freya. (The EMH lights a brand from the fire and approaches Unferth with it. Unferth backs away against a table, and the EMH puts Freya's sword to his throat.) Stop him, my Lord! He is a madman!
