Somebody check the reserves. This one's got grade four pulmonary burns. Green isn't equipped for this. What are you doing? Get away from him. Who is this man?  That was the most impressive cortical bypass I've ever seen. If I had basic skills like yours, they'd move me up to Level Blue. Take this patient to Yellow. Communication is usually restricted but the Allocator might give you clearance. The Allocator isn't a him. It's our main computer. You'll have to submit a formal request to Chellick and support it with form eight three W in triplicate. Even then. (A man is coughing a lot.) He's already had his allocation. It's a chromo-viral infection. We have twelve cases down here. He's in the final stage. Cytoglobin injections. He hasn't been given any. He doesn't have a high enough TC. Please, Doctor. The Allocator knows which patients need help the most. [Hospital Turbolift] (The colour coded diagram on the back of the turbolift shows that Level Blue is the smallest and topmost level. Green is next, then Yellow. Red is the biggest and White is at the I never expected to see you again. Level Blue is much more prestigious. Not well. (The EMH scans the boy.) His coenzyme allotment's been reduced. His TC is just too low. That's not possible. We're not authorised to do that. Such as? He doesn't know anything about neutronics. Amend patient R twelve's TC to include an expertise in neutronics. You see? There's nothing you can do. [Level Blue] Well, actually, I was just Where did you get the cytoglobin? You stole it? Do you have any idea what kind of trouble we could get into? No, absolutely not. Modifying data files was bad enough. You should be in bed. If we each take a third of the patients, maybe we can finish before someone catches us. [Level Blue]  Three of the patients we injected are practically virus free. Maybe we could reallocate other medications. Treat more patients. How did you manage that? We may actually make these people better. Where did you get that? He's right. I know. It's the morgue. [Chellick's office] What is it? ORDERLY: I need to prepare this patient for discharge. I'm not finished with him yet. Are to discharge the patient at the end of the shift. The shift isn't over, is it? I'll tell you when he's ready. I didn't realise that any of this even existed. I don't have time. I just got a message from the Allocator that Dysek needs me. Oh. Twelve patients on Level Red are being sent home because of you. You've already endangered my patients and now you're asking me to risk my career? Why should I help you? How can I get you off this level? And then what? What are you going to do once you get to Level Red? What's wrong with him? What are you doing? You told me you were just developing new treatment protocols. I trusted you. What are you doing? How did you You said it yourself. Doctors heal. We don't make patients sick. Sir, I only have a Level Red clearance. You know I'm not authorised. I'm sorry. I had to tell him.
