I have already taken the liberty of reserving a table, Lieutenant, with a view of the lakeside. You did express a fondness for that particular vista. Five days ago in a conversation we had in Engineering regarding holodeck programmes. Of course.  The warp drive is functioning within established tolerance levels. Matter antimatter containment is at recommended field strength. The impulse engines are also Yes. I'll return to my station, Lieutenant.
May I suggest a gravitic caliper instead? You might find it a more precise instrument. Here are the tools, sir. Can I be of help, Mister Neelix? I don't require food at the moment. Lieutenant Torres sent me to adjust the control interface on your food replicators. You said you were experiencing difficulties with them. Not quite. As you wish. I'll relay the message. Mister Neelix. I was unaware you were officially on an engineering work detail. She has mentioned your desire to become familiar with Starfleet engineering protocols. I see no reason why you can't proceed. Yes, Mister Neelix? Had I been given the choice, I might not have chosen to explore the Delta Quadrant. However, since we are here, I must say the challenges are intriguing. I would concur. (Neelix goes into the Jefferies tubes and climbs a ladder. At the appropriate place, he opens a wall panel and takes a warp plasma container from a bag. Then he closes his eyes.) [Station promenade]
That should make it easier to access the deposits.  I have spent several summers exploring the Osana caverns, which  involved some quite treacherous climbing.  Have we completed our preparations to your satisfaction?  Let me take this opportunity to declare koon-ut so'lik, my  desire to become your mate.  In human terms, I am proposing marriage. Do you accept?  She has sufficient reason to consider me lost, and has most  likely chosen another mate. It's appropriate for me to do the same.  I have come to greatly admire not only your impressive technical  skills, but also your bravery and sense of moral duty. All excellent  qualities in a prospective mate.  Perhaps we are not an obvious match. However, our differences  would complement each other. You've often expressed frustration with  your Klingon temper. My mental discipline would help you control it.  Furthermore, I feel that  B'Elanna, you may wish to reconsider. Your choices for a mate  are currently limited to seventy three male crew members on this ship,  some of whom are already unavailable.  I should also remind you that many humanoid species are unable  to withstand Klingon mating practices  whereas my superior Vulcan strength would make me a very  suitable partner.  (Vorik grabs Torres' face with both hands. She manages to break his  hold and knocks him down.)  [Sickbay] That's an extremely personal question, Doctor.  I knew there was something wrong. I was hoping it wasn't this.  We do not discuss it.  We go home. Every seven years of our adult life, Vulcans  experience an instinctual, irresistible urge to return to the homeworld  and take a mate.  Yes.  I have always had great respect for B'Elanna. I hope she isn't  too upset with me.  No! I don't want medical treatment. I will resolve this myself.  There are certain meditative techniques. I will be fine if  simply left alone. Please, allow me to return to my quarters. Confine  me there, if you wish, but allow me to resolve my situation privately.  Thank you. [Doctor's  office] (Later,  the EMH consults with the resident expert on all things Vulcan.)  Go away.  (The doors open.)  I said, go away! I'm sorry, sir.  Then you know.  Yes, sir.  Yes.  It's hard to remember. I was acting irrationally. I believe I  approached her. I, I touched her face. I meant to be gentle, but she  tried to move away, and then I was holding her more tightly, both hands  on her face like this. It felt very important not to let go. I'm, I'm  not certain why.  I didn't know it could happen that way. I wanted to bond with  her, that much I remember clearly.  How is that possible? She's not Vulcan.  But she rejected me forcefully.  I have to go to her.  I'll find her. B'Elanna needs me and I need her.  The resolution must be that we become mates. It is only logical.    You think she'll reject me again?  I'll do my best, sir. [Underground] (Chakotay  is putting Neelix in a harness.)  I will increase my efforts to control them, Doctor.  No. I will deal with this myself.  You don't understand. How well a Vulcan copes with this experience is a test of his character. I've already humiliated myself and  Lieutenant Tuvok by allowing a private matter to become so public.  I shouldn't need any help.  I don't understand the purpose of coming here.  Surely you're not suggesting that she become my mate.  She's a hologram. She isn't real.  You're a skilled physician, Doctor, but let me point out the  limitations to your own experience with physical matters.  She won't be the same as a real mate.  There is a certain logic to your suggestion, Doctor. I will try.    Not at all.  Yes. Your holodeck therapy was very effective. I must compliment  you on an innovative solution.  Thank you, Doctor. May I return to duty?  You are my mate, not his!  I've come to claim you, to fulfil our bond, and if necessary, to  face my rival. Lieutenant Tuvok!  Sir, I declare Koon-ut-kal-if-fee.  It was necessary to disable the communications, transporters and  shuttles. No one will keep me from my mate!  We will soon decide that. 
