Why have you come here? Then I suggest you leave. Only of your emotions, or so I have been told. I see. It's regrettable that I won't be able to teach you. Are you seeking my counsel? Your school? Why? You reject logic. Hidden for you to find. Or in plain sight for you to ignore. You're right, it does frighten me. You are surprised to hear a Vulcan master admit to having emotions? Emotions can be a powerful tool. To deny their existence is illogical. But you must learn to control them. You wish to be taught? You would not be a worthy pupil otherwise. Let us begin. Sit down, Tuvok. [Shuttlecraft] (On a red-soiled, rock strewn desert planet, a young woman hunts for large spiders. She sees a small spacecraft land, and goes to see what she can salvage. She is at the helm console when Paris returns. She points a weapon at him and Bilak par. Self-pity. What is the source of your self-pity? You see only what is in front of you. You must learn to see behind you. You have the eyes of memory. The knowledge of why you are here, and why you have lost control. Tell me your story. I wish to hear it from you. And you have developed an emotional attraction toward her. You love her. Does she love you? What if I were to say that I received a letter from your father, telling me that Jara is in love with one of your fellow students? Jealousy? That would be illogical, because I have received no such letter. No. I'm trying to help you to understand. Shon-ha'lock, love, is the most dangerous emotion of all. It produces many other emotions. Jealousy, shame, rage, grief. You must learn to suppress them all, otherwise they will consume you. I can sense emotions building inside you like a gathering storm. If we begin now, we may be able to stop them. Captain's Log, supplemental. It's been over an hour since the shuttle disappeared from sensors. [Bridge] Your training is now complete. You have done well. You are now prepared to return to the world. Grief, anger, fear, and especially love, will never threaten you again.
