We've been analysing the Vidiian bio-readings from the last attack. Their immune systems have been compromised by the Phage. We could synthesise a neural agent that would incapacitate them without affecting us. Exactly. (Tuvok watches Kes leave the ready room. Their eyes meet for a few seconds before Kes goes into the turbolift.) Aye, Captain. [Briefing room - 2371] I'll get to work. (Wildman leaves them.) Doctor!
No, really, I'm all right. I don't know, Captain. She seems tired, listless. She has a fever. I don't know what to do.
Ensign Wildman to Neelix. I hate to bother you, but Naomi's having trouble getting to sleep again. Would you mind? Naomi, maybe Neelix should check your room so you can go to bed. Honey, Neelix has to go to work. It seems like every time I turn around I'm recycling her clothes back into the replicator. Interesting. Well, if you'll excuse me, I need to go talk to Neelix. Neelix. (Neelix is startled, and drops a tray.)WILDMAN: Oh, I'm sorry. We haven't seen you in a few days. I understand. Naomi's been asking about you. She misses you. Frankly, so do I. She's had trouble sleeping every night this week. Only Neelix can tuck me in. I want Neelix. Maybe you could stop by later just to say hello. Are you sure? Prixin's your favourite holiday. Ensign Wildman to Neelix. Neelix, please respond. Why didn't you answer me? I had to have the computer track you down. Naomi thought she saw a monster in the replicator. Neelix, what's going on?
I've been considering naming him after my husband. It's been a tradition in his family for over five generations. My husband's name is Greskrendtregk. He's Ktarian. Have you had any progress, Doctor? To be honest, I've been thinking of something simpler. What do you think of Cameron? What about Frederick? It doesn't have to be a human name. I like Sural. It's Vulcan. I think it's lovely. Is it Ocampan? Thank you. Greskrendtregk would make a good middle name, don't you think? (Wildman leaves.)
I'm afraid the away mission may take a few more days, sweetheart. Yes, but I'm bringing you back some beautiful sillinite crystals and lots of holo-pictures for your data album. Now be a good girl and get ready for bed while I talk to Neelix. Sweet dreams. (Naomi goes to her bedroom.) We ran into an ion storm. We took a real beating. We're trying to make repairs, but there's another storm on the way. Better go. Say goodnight for me [Delta Flyer] I've lost the comm. signal. I'll see what I can do. I've given you all the power I can spare, Tom. Sorry, Tom. The storm is throwing off my readings. There's definitely a big rock nearby, I just can't find it. Got it. Class M atmosphere, nickel-iron core, bemonite mantle. Seventy three thousand kilometres, bearing zero mark four. Nothing but impact craters, volcanoes. We can't land here. I've got a big meteor crater, five hundred kilometres across, three point seven deep. We're coming in too fast! What happened? Delta Flyer's first landing. Where? Wish I felt the same. You're a great nurse, but you're a lousy liar. Voyager? I've got to talk to Naomi. Let her know we're okay. We're never getting out of here. Who's going to look after Naomi? How can you say that? Thanks, Tuvok. [Wildman's quarters] I haven't thought what to say yet. Tuvok, why don't you go next? Computer, begin recording. Encode message for delivery to Naomi Wildman. Hi, honey. I know you're feeling sad right now but, I want you to listen to me very carefully, okay? First of all, I love you. Second, I want you to know that I'm proud of you. How smart you are, how funny, how kind you are to other people, and I know that you are going to grow up to do extraordinary things. Last, and I know this is a hard one, try not to be scared. Listen to Neelix. He'll be taking care of you now. Bye, honey. [Holodeck - Forest of Forever] Long time no see. I'm an Ensign now. Likewise. See you later. (They all run off and leave Neelix.)
Oh, we're doing just fine, thank you. I'd be happy to.  He's been working on a problem with the structural integrity grid. I'm sure he hasn't forgotten about you. Looks like you need a new set of anodyne relays. I'll go down to Engineering and get some for you out of storage. [Mess hall] Of course. I thought you didn't use replicated vegetables when you're cooking. Always fresh, organic, from the airponic bay. It looks like a malfunction in the power grid. Shouldn't be too difficult. (Wildman gasps and sits down.) I think I'm having a contraction. Oh, yeah! It's a contraction, all right. You push, damn it! I'm sick of pushing!  Oh! Oh, what was that? A pain in my abdomen. It's different. Sharp. Oh, God! Is she all right? Doctor? My baby, she, she's going to die, isn't she? My baby. She's going to die, isn't she? She's going to die, isn't she? Thank you. Thank you so much.
In the lower back. It's tight. Shooting. It even goes down my legs. Is the baby all right? Well, that makes me feel better. The pain makes it difficult to sit for any period of time. It's really quite uncomfortable. Yes. Thank you, Doctor.
