No matter. He never could plot a straight course anyway. What are you doing here? I've never seen another Talaxian this far from home. Ah! I want to hear all about it. Come on, the tavern here serves the best toffa ale I've had in years. [Station tavern] Oh ho, ho. Life's been good to you. A little of this, a little of that. To tell you the truth, things haven't gone quite so well for me. Ever since that nasty business with the Ubeans, things have been difficult. But, you know me, can't keep Wix down long. I'm working on a trade deal now that should put me right back in the thick of things again. You'd have done the same for me. I'm fine, honestly. Maybe not on the crew of a magnificent starship, but I'll get by. Why? But, your other jobs. Cook, Ambassador. So, this is where you prepare your legendary feasts. You know, Commander, Neelix has more varied talents than anyone I've ever known. You're lucky to have him on board. You're more than welcome. (Chakotay leaves.) Of course not. I wouldn't do that to you. Neelix, I need the work. I don't live on a comfortable starship. No one looks out for me except me. Maybe you've forgotten what that feels like. I've been stuck on that trash heap of a space station for three years. My ship's been impounded. I can't afford to give Bahrat what he wants to get it back. Do you begrudge me an opportunity to make a fair trade? I have news for you. I've located some pergium for your ship. And I've found someone with a map. It'll involve several bartering sessions. I have the opportunity to sell medical supplies to an outpost whose people are dying of a lung disease. It's a good cause, and it will make me enough to pay Bahrat and get my ship back. When I deliver the medical supplies, one of the physicians will give me an astrometric chart. I'll have to ask your help though. We'll need a shuttle. First, we have to get to a nearby freighter to pick up the medical supplies. Then we return to the space station and meet with one of the physicians from the outpost. With your transporter technology we could be in and out of the station within minutes. Then I could finally get away from here and get back to a Talaxian colony. Just one thing. Don't tell anyone that we're delivering medical supplies to the station. Not even one person. If Bahrat finds out he'll take twenty percent, and I can't afford that. Thanks, Neelix. I knew I could count on you. [Shuttlecraft] Didn't I tell you this would be easy? I got the medical supplies and you got the pergium your ship needs so badly. You're lucky to get what you did. Come on, Neelix, A few minutes more and we'll be done. And you'll have a map to help you through the Nekrit Expanse. What is the matter with you? I don't remember you ever being so squeamish about twisting the truth. Neither am I. We've both tried to change our lives. You've done it. Now I have the same chance. We're almost there. We should have your transporter take us to corridor fourteen L, near the outer docking ports. It's hardly ever used. Our contact will meet us there. This station is a dangerous place, and these supplies are valuable. We have to be able to defend ourselves. It's just a precaution. Let's go. He'll be here, don't worry. Sutok. This is my associate. As promised. (Sutok takes one of the vials. It glows in his hand.) Satisfied? If you give me my payment, we'll be on our way. Neelix! Get us out of here. It should have been as easy as I said. I didn't know Sutok would try to steal the tubes. They do have a medicinal application, but no one would pay what I was supposed to get if they were just simple medications. Do you really want to do that? How is it going to look to your shipmates when they find out you were once a contraband smuggler, and that you were involved in this ugly business tonight? You think your position on Voyager is precarious now? Wait till they discover the whole truth about you. So you'd let Bahrat put me in cryostatic suspension? I guess you would. You did let me spend a year in that Ubean prison. I never told you what it was like in there, did I? About eating worms to stay alive. Sleeping in a cell where the vermin chew on you all night. Being punished in ways you couldn't imagine. Probably less than an hour altogether. No. I was met by Mister Chakotay in your transporter room. Extraordinary experience, that transporter of yours. We delivered bearings to Lieutenant Torres, then Mister Chakotay and I paid a visit to my old friend Neelix in your mess hall. In bed, asleep. Alas, Mister Tuvok, I sleep alone. You're not suggesting I tell him the truth? If you want to worry, I'll give you something to worry about. The people I was conducting that transaction for aren't happy that they didn't get paid. Do you think I could have afforded those tubes? I was acting as an agent for some Kolaati traders. Do you know anything about the Kolaati? They're mean as fire snakes. They will kill us, and it won't be quick. Neelix, it's all right. I've convinced them to take something else in payment. Something easily come by. They know about Voyager. They want a sample of your ship's warp plasma. They'll be able to use it to increase the efficiency of their engines. You should have thought of that in the beginning. You're in too deeply now. Friends? You've already told me they're ready to put you off the ship. You're living in a dream world. It's time to wake up. You're on your own, just as I am, and you're going to die a horrible death at the hands of the Kolaati unless you bring them three grammes of warp plasma. Do you understand that? I've already told them you'll do it. Meet me here tomorrow morning at nine hundred hours. [Storage room] Did you get it? Where is it? Give it to me. What? We're dead men, Neelix. Don't panic, stay calm. We'll end up in his cryostatic prison for decades. Your plan is crazy. It's worse than prison, it's a death sentence. Neelix! We've been through too much together. I can't let you do this alone. [Bahrat's office] I was the one with the weapon, but I fired in self-defence. That's what you think. The Kolaati have made a fortune trading drugs here. They have ways of disabling your surveillance systems, masking your sensors, creating false visual signals. It happens almost every night. I'll arrange a meeting with them to deliver the plasma. When they arrive, we'll take them into custody. I confirmed the time and place. They should be here. Maybe they've realised it's a trap? Maybe they're not going to show up? It's Tosin. He's one of the most powerful Kolaati. (Neelix presses a button on the plasma container, and they go to meet them.) It's right in here, Tosin, but first you must guarantee us He's telling the truth, Tosin. Don't do it. Neelix.
