A ruptured conduit is flooding my ship with plasma radiation. We request immediate transport. These are dangerous criminals. They have to be secured. I had eight men in custody. Where are the other two? [Sickbay] You're not getting off this ship. We don't negotiate with criminals. Warden Yediq of the Nygean Detention Force. This man is my prisoner.  We're lucky you came along, Captain. Ten more minutes and none of use would have survived the plasma leak. I couldn't risk letting any of the prisoners get away. As you've seen, they're extremely dangerous. Back to our homeworld. They're due to be executed. All eight are murderers. Three are multiple offenders. We're just thirteen light years from our system. I'd appreciate it if you'd take us back there. I could arrange for one of our ships to rendezvous with Voyager. It'll take several days. My prisoners will have to be strictly monitored. What about our weapons? What's this? (Neelix is pushing a trolley.) What is it? Take it back. These men don't deserve such an elaborate meal. Take it back. My men will assist you. (Neelix serves some stew into a bowl. A hole is created in a forcefield for him to pass it through to the first prisoner.) Is there a problem? I see. Cause another disturbance, and I'll see to it you're not fed the rest of this journey. Do you understand? What did you say? How did you know that? Some people don't understand why we deal so harshly with men like you. It's because you never learn. He needs to be disciplined. ANDREWS: Lower your weapons and step away.(Yediq nods and his men obey after a last kick. Iko lies bleeding and unconscious on the deck.) [Ready room]  Our response was justified. Violence is the only thing he understands. Do not presume to tell me how to handle my prisoners, Captain. You don't know Iko like I do. He killed a young father for no reason. Before that, he committed dozens of violent crimes. He spent his entire life hurting people. They're my responsibility. The only risk will be to your crew. Commander Tuvok isn't qualified to guard prisoners this dangerous. I hope you're right. [Sickbay]  Are you suggesting we release him? Because he's sorry. None of it changes the fact that he killed a man. So Iko is the victim now? That's not your decision to make. He's obviously deceiving you somehow. In accordance with Nygean penal code, a capital defendant has a right to appeal his sentence to the family of his victims. The family found the request insulting. We have laws that protect victims from emotional distress. You agreed to work within the confines of our legal system. Stand back. (A rifle is pressed against his neck.) You're not getting off this ship. I knew it was a trick. I knew you hadn't changed. (Joleg laughs. Iko gives Yediq the phaser and he stuns the other prisoners. But he cannot shoot Iko.) Captain's log, supplemental. Warden Yediq has used his influence to convince the Nygean family to hear Iko's appeal for leniency. [Bridge] We're due to rendezvous with a transport ship in a few hours. I need to return you to your cell. (Iko puts his hand on Seven's shoulder.)
