(to security guard) Look among the patrons. (to Paris) Yerid, criminal investigations. I'm looking for two people who disappeared after leaving here earlier this evening. One was a young pregnant woman. You know her? Why, did you think someone might try to hurt her? The person with her was described as short, with mottled skin, facial hair. Do you know his name? Did you see him talking to anyone else while he was here? Can you describe him? Excuse me, am I intruding? I'm investigating the disappearance of two of your employees. Their names are Neelix and Torres. I'd like to see his personnel file, and I'll need to interview anyone who may know where he is. I believe he's responsible for the disappearance of the other two. [Jaffen's apartment] Stay where you are. (Chakotay makes a grab for his gun, but gets shot in the stomach.) [Hospital] I think you do, and I think you were involved in their disappearance. Yes, the witness' description doesn't fit you exactly, but I'm sure that'll be explained once the doctor here finds evidence of dermal regeneration. What is it? (The lady's scan has revealed something else.) Remove it. Oh? Division six? I'll come with you. This man is a suspect in a serious crime. I'm not letting him out of my sight.  Why would this Tuvok be collecting information about his co-workers? What's unusual about that? It's routine for new workers to be examined. You came through Neuropathology? What do you expect me to do? Why is he there? Even if I wanted to help you, I couldn't. The Director of Investigations relieved me of duty this morning. I can't go back to the hospital and start asking questions. I'd be reported. My name is Yerid. I'm from Criminal Investigations. Kathryn Janeway? Do you know this man? (Yeridl shows her a picture of Chakotay.) I thought maybe you'd met him. He was found in your former living quarters in possession of a dermal regenerator that you removed from the plant. I want to know everything he told you. [Ravoc's consulting room] I'll need more evidence before I start making accusations. There are some other patients I'd like to interview. (Yerid shows Kadan a list.) Disconnect them. Well, we've identified several thousand of Doctor Kadan's patients. Once they're treated, they'll be repatriated.
