Perhaps even millennia? Returned. Curious, I was just visiting the system you spoke of only a few months ago. My ship's sensors picked up no such monster. Our guests are offering us supplies we need. In exchange we Travellers are giving them a look at what lies ahead of them. We should keep that view as clear as possible. I've journeyed to the corners of known space and beyond. I've earned the right to come and go as I please, where and when and how I please. Do you challenge that right? Forgive my display, Captain, but my people consider outposts such as this to be necessary evils. Places to refuel, repair, exchange information and leave as quickly as possible. If I've observed anything working with Kes, it's her great tolerance. A quality you all seem to share. I regret not being able to demonstrate the same. Moon sized creature or not, the asteroids in that particular system are rich in vorilium. It is said this path was cut more than ten thousand years ago. No one knows. Spacefarers like ourselves. They left very little behind. A few symbols burned into the rocks, nothing more. I've never asked myself that question. That's what I like about you, Kes. You make me consider alternatives. We have a saying. My course is as elusive as a shadow across the sky. My people are peripatetic by nature. We live for the excitement of facing the challenge of space, alone. And I can see the value of fellowship in one's life. And now that I've observed the closeness that exists among your crewmates, I find it enviable. Compromise. Doesn't that suggest a loss on both sides? (They reach the top and see the three full moons.) Only minds? (They move on to a carving in the rock.) Yes, it is. So it seems. My course is as elusive as a shadow across the sky. (Kes takes his hand.) True, but at least you would still have Voyager. Yes, and that acquisitive. They'll remove your entire crew, settle you on a moon somewhere, and your ship will become their latest trophy. Of course not. My small vessel would be overpowered in seconds. There's no need to be concerned for Kes. I value her life as much as my own. If we're alone, yes. But when we're responsibly for the safety of another it's a different story. I'm in love with Kes, I want her to go with me, but whatever she decides, it would please me to earn the trust of her closest friends. And? Then let's make them worthwhile. I go tonight to the next outpost. The path is beautiful. I'll try not to let you see my disappointment. Is something wrong? Not if I'm with you. [Mountain path] Not yet, Nakahn, Not yet. Pray to the stars that we find nothing. [Sickbay] No! (And get beamed up in mid-fall.) [Transporter room]
