Put her behind the forcefield. (His companion obeys.)ZET: We have another assignment for you. I've been going over the schematics of your vessel, and I'm intrigued by this bio-neural circuitry. I want you to bring us a series of these gel packs. You've proven yourself to be very resourceful, Doctor. You'll find a way. Remember, we're monitoring your perceptual subroutines. We can see and hear everything. [Doctor's office] TUVOK You know what will happen to her if you alert your crew. Get out of there before you arouse suspicion. [Delta Flyer] That's why I'm in command. What do you mean? Are you delusional? It took months to plan this. We've already found a buyer for the warp core. Now you want to abandon everything? We made our choice when we stole this vessel. I am not going back to the Hierarchy, and neither are you. She's just trying to trick you. A month from now, we'll be soaking in the mud baths of Eblar Prime. Trust me. [Janeway's quarters] Captain. Tut, tut, tut. You're not trying to take advantage of my subordinate, are you? No one's ever going to buy this junk. It's almost as useless as you. There's a ship approaching. [Delta Flyer]  This isn't a negotiation. Release your tractor beam, now. [Delta Flyer] Lower your shields and we'll beam your captain to you. [Delta Flyer] To spare your captain. As you can see, she's still alive. Actually, you're not. We'll leave you in the Vinry system. The inhabitants are mostly harmless. (Dpuglas Adams again!) The Doctor will be working for us now. I'm sure you'll feel differently after I make a few adjustments to your programme. The data stored there is worth a hundred warp cores. I'm glad you asked.(Nar turns the EMH into an Overlooker.) The compression algorithms are breaking down. Fire at both vessels. [Shuttlecraft] Prepare to jettison their warp core. Arming a torpedo. If we detonate their core the blast wave should give us enough time to escape. Nar, get this hologram off me. (Nar knocks Zet out with the mended piece of impulse drive.)
