Don't touch that! I'm a holographic recreation of Doctor Louis Zimmerman, the creator of the Emergency Medical Hologram. You might say that. Something wrong with your EMH? What's wrong with it? If you don't mind, I can do it faster. Here we are. A schematic of the EMH and it's component sub-routines. This isn't good. The EMH has a level 4 memory fragmentation. How long has the programme been active? Two years? Well there's your problem. This programme was developed as a short term supplement to your medical staff, fifteen hundred hours tops. The EMH is a highly sophisticated programme. You shouldn't go meddling in it's matrix when you don't know what you're doing. At this point it doesn't matter. With a level four memory fragmentation it'll simply continue to degrade. There's only one course of action - a system-wide re-initialisation. Start over from scratch. Of course. Schedule it for your next maintenance layover at McKinley Station. Please don't talk. Stay fixed on the fractal patterns while I analyse your data path integrity. Hmm. Hmm? Oh, well there it is. I told you not to talk! This is the problem all right. The personality sub-routine has grown to more than 15,000 gigaquads. That's the source of the degradation. Look at all this useless information floating around your buffer! Friendships with the crew, relationships with women? Do they find you attractive? You've filled your memory with nonsense. You're supposed to be off during your off hours! Who are you? Ah, just the person I need. Perhaps you can tell me who's been feeding all this useless information into it's database. I'll give you an example. Ah, here's something in it's personality sub-routine. It wasn't programmed to be a tenor, it was programmed to be a physician! It's superfluous! Look at me, I've got the same matrix, the same holo-array, the same neural pathways as it does. You don't see me cluttering up my circuits with irrelevancies. I'm content to be the best possible diagnostic programme I can be. Your EMH should be happy to be a fine physician. You can't possibly believe that this programme shares these feelings. Tell me, Doctor, is this one of your closest friends? You again. Now what? I have pointed out over and over, I am a diagnostic tool, not an engineer. Young woman, you don't seem to understand there are limitations to my programming. I can't just decide to exceed them. It, he means a great deal to you, doesn't he? Why are you looking at me like that? An adaptive heuristic matrix, yes, in order to serve as a diagnostic for all the EMH programs. I, I wouldn't have thought of that. I'm not sure. But even if it were possible, the same degradation would eventually occur to my matrix. Grafted? Well, it would require a synchronous transfer of all the EMH databases and subroutines. Not an easy process, mind you, but I suppose we could try. I must point out that you would no longer have a diagnostic programme for the EMH. Good point. You'll have to return to sickbay and transfer my programme there. Don't be premature. I have no idea if this is going to work.  [Bridge] I'm increasingly dubious as to the outcome of this effort. The EMH pathways are seriously degraded. They might not accept a matrix overlay. I assure you I'm working as quickly as I can. If I don't prepare the multitronic paths properly there's no chance of success. Very well. We're as ready as we'll ever be. I've programmed the computer to install my heuristic matrix onto the EMH primary circuitry. We'll both have to be taken off line for the overlay to be made. After the re-initialisation occurs you should activate the Emergency Medical Hologram. You realise there will be no second chance. After this, I will no longer exist. Well, it's been a brief existence but apparently a noble one. Computer, initiate programme Zimmerman alpha one.
