I don't think he was going to eat it anyway, do you? No fight, no fight. If he doesn't bleed to death, he'll die from infection. Of course. We'll call an emergency vehicle and rush him to a hospital. (Kim pushes Zio away and carries Paris off.) Hey! What do you want for the dead man's boots? (On the way to the hovel.) I don't take in boarders. I don't like the colour. That pipe you were working with interests me. Then I guess we don't have a deal. Now move on. You're blocking my light. Take me where? I've been in here six years. I've never heard of a way out. Anybody that tries to get in there gets hit with an energy pulse. I'm trying to figure out if you're a liar, or if the clamp has already made you crazy. You stand your ground. I like that. Just remember one thing. If you're lying, I'll kill you. Captain's log, supplemental. So far we've located three ships with paralithium plasma emissions, but none of them appears to have produced explosives. We're currently in pursuit of a fourth vessel. [Bridge] I'm getting tired of waiting. Don't fight it. Use it. Good. Make them work for you. Fire ants sound vicious. Imagine them as your army moving in a vast wave to conquer your enemy. There's a massive struggle going on inside you, a battle to the death between you and the clamp. You have to use whatever force you can to defeat it. When I first got here, I assumed the clamp was just a refined form of torture to make our prison stay that much more arduous. Gradually, I began to understand it more fully. It's all right here in my manifesto. My insights, my reasoning, my evidence. It's an experiment. They're studying us like animals. Pitting us against each other to find out what happens. You can see that, can't you? The greatest threat, of course, would be if we started to cooperate with each other, so they prevented that. But there had to be more to it than that. And the longer I was in here, the more I knew it was my job to figure it out. That's the reason I was put here. And eventually, it came to me as though a fireball had exploded in my mind. And the realisation gave me a power over the others. They don't come near me any more. They're afraid of me because I know the truth. Well? Don't you want to know what it is? What is the ultimate purpose of the clamp? It's inspired. Brilliant. It's a method for controlling the prison population. We kill each other off. So you must enter into the battle. If you let the clamp control you, you'll end up like that crazy old man that took over your shelter. But if you learn to control it, you'll survive. Like me. (Kim slides a wire into position.)  What do you see? What do you see? Are we at the surface? (Kim is cleaning the grime off the inside of a spacestation's porthole.) [Zio's hovel] Sleep well? How about your friend? Is he dead yet? It's getting the best of you. You think they're just going to open the hatch and ask us if we'd like a ride home? And they'd have the pulse guns. I've never let anyone see this, but I'm going to let you read my manifesto. It'll teach you how to control the clamp. Take it. Learn everything I know. (Kim knocks the papers out of Zio's hand.) If I were like the others, I'd kill you. But I don't lose control. That's the difference between me and you. [Akritirian prison] Go ahead. Finish him. (Kim drops the pipe and runs out.) [Outside Zio's hovel] You wanted to kill him, didn't you? No, that's where you're wrong. He's too far gone to be your friend. All he is now is a burden. He eats your food. He ruined your device. He's given in to the clamp. You've got to get rid of him before he brings you down with him. You've got a chance to make something of your life in here, but as long as that carcass is in my hut, we'll never be able to go on to more important things. We've got to disseminate the manifesto. Gather our followers. Train them. You want my protection? You want to live under my roof? Get rid of him. How long do you think you'll last against Pit and the others without me looking out for you? (Zio offers Kim a bloodied, chipped, knife.) Go ahead, take it. Think of what a relief it will be not to have that responsibility, and be free of his ranting. (Kim takes the knife.) Do you want to survive in here? You'd better learn to be. Get out now. And take him with you, or I will kill him. [Bridge] LIRIA
