Not yet!  [Maquis ship] (The little ship takes a direct hit from the Kazon. It streams flames.)
Then what happened? Don't worry, Lieutenant. I'll take care of this. I've confined her to quarters. Formal charges? Come on, Tuvok. We're seventy five years away from the nearest court. Are you really going to hold her in the brig for that long? Well, I'd like to settle this on my own without filing charges and without involving the Captain. She's a Maquis, and in the Maquis, sometimes you have to push people out of your way to get things done. Look, Lieutenant, I don't have to explain myself to you. I'll deal with B'Elanna personally, and then I'll inform the Captain. You're to drop this matter. That's an order. You do that. (The doors close and Tuvok walks away. Chakotay gets out on another floor and is joined by two of his Maquis crew.) I don't know yet but I'll handle it. Not true. What does that mean? If I ever hear you talk that way again, I'll personally throw you in the brig for mutiny.  [Torres's Quarters] (B'Elanna is pacing like a caged tiger. The doorbell rings and she throws a bowl at it. The door opens and the bowl just misses Chakotay.) Here. (Chakotay hands her a PADD.) The medical report on Lieutenant Carey. I don't want to hear it! You might be interested to know that the impact fractures along his cranium were pretty severe. If you'd hit him just a little harder, you could have driven some of those bones into his cerebellum. So on the one side, I'm facing a Vulcan who wants court-martial you. And on the other, I'm facing all the Maquis who are ready to seize this ship over this. You've turned this into one lousy day for me, Torres. Rest of the trip. Seventy five years. Or I could send you back to work with the understanding that you'll apologise to Not just a simple apology. A personal one, over a hot cup of pejuta. Bond with the man. You're going to need support from people like Carey. You are if you're going to be Chief Engineer of this ship. This is not another example of my twisted sense of humour. You're a better engineer than he is. She hasn't said a word, because I haven't told her yet. Captain's log, Stardate 48439.7. As we maintain a course back to the Alpha Quadrant, we're conducting what would normally be routine maintenance to the ship. Routine, that is, if we had access to a starbase.  [Briefing Room] Captain, if we relocate all security personnel to deck seven, we can shut down power on deck nine and reroute it to propulsion. I've made a list of several Maquis crew members who would make good officers. (Chakotay passes her his PADD.) That's right. Chief Engineer. Very. Perhaps we should assign somebody to train with the hologram as a field medic. Bridge to Torres. We need a way to get that ship out of there. Any ideas? A subspace tractor beam? When can you have it ready? Get right on it. Use as many people as you need. Captain, I appreciate your concerns about Torres, but I promise you Me? In what way? I've worked with her. I know what she's capable of. We needed an answer right away and I knew she could give us one. If you look at it that way, none of my people will ever have seniority. I'm doing everything I can to integrate them into your crew, but frankly, you're not making it easy for me, Captain. But some of them, like B'Elanna Torres have the ability. You're asking them to accept me. Permission to speak freely. I have no intention of being your token Maquis officer. B'Elanna Torres. She's the best engineer I've ever known. She could teach at the Academy. You're right, Captain. I do consider these my people because nobody else on this ship will look out for them like I will. And I'm telling you, you're going to have to give them more authority if you want their loyalty. I'm trying to help you. I'm sorry you don't see that. I strongly recommend you get to know Torres before you choose a new Chief Engineer. Permission to leave. What's going on? Are we abandoning the rescue attempt? It looks like we're running into more spatial distortions. Who will represent Engineering? You should invite B'Elanna Torres as well, unless you've removed her from consideration. B'Elanna, do you think you can work with Mister Carey to clean up that signal? That's your hail. Are you saying we're the ones trapped in the singularity? Hold our position! Mister Tuvok, report. Mister Paris, as soon as we've recovered the shuttlecraft, lay in a course toward the rupture and take us out. We're almost to the rupture. Mister Paris is about to impress us with his piloting skills. There they are. Your staff. First order of the day. The Captain wants the warp drive back online by thirteen hours. Then maybe you need to go break a few noses, or at least bend a few. Lieutenant. (Chakotay leaves.) Are you checking up on your new Chief Engineer? And? Can I ask you a question, off the record? If things had happened differently, and we were on the Maquis ship now instead of Voyager, would you have served under me? (They walk down the steps to main engineering.)
Go ahead. Captain, can you read us? (Terla rips off her comm. badge.) Chakotay to Janeway, can you read me? Please respond. [On the way to the Power plant]
Bridge to Captain Janeway. We're approaching the rogue planetoid, Captain. Keep looking. [Tunnel 3] Go ahead. Don't go any further [Tunnel] Let me guess, nothing there. Rendezvous at the Neelix, I said get back here! Neelix, did you hear what I said? Voyager to Captain Janeway. We've just picked [Bridge] Sorry, Captain. They went into warp too quickly.
Bridge to Janeway. You must not discuss with me what you see, or you will offend your animal guide. As you continue to look around, you will become aware of other life that shares this place with you. It will be the first animal you see. That is the one you will speak to. Do you see an animal? (There is a lizard on a sandy log.) Speak to it. You know what you want to ask. [Ready room] (The doorbell brings her back with a jolt.) All personnel report to stations. Yellow alert. Sorry.  [Bridge]
But is it stable enough for us to enter, and if it is, where does it lead? If that's a wormhole, it must be the smallest one on record. Any idea yet where that message would end up, Ensign? I'm reading transmission of the test signal. The probe has received it and relayed it. Even if someone receives our signal, it might take them some time to figure out how to return it. Why would he have broken off transmission? If he's engaged in some kind of secret research he might want to conceal that fact. Aye, Captain. [Doctor's office] (Janeway enters Sickbay. The place is deserted.) With pleasure, Captain. (Torres runs in.) If it's successful, we'd like to try transmitting a test cylinder to you. Energise. [Transporter Room] Kim and Torres have made more than twenty transports of the test cylinder, even though she's still having trouble with that phase variance. Every one of them has been successful. But this is 2371. I'm afraid that's not possible either. We've already had a huge impact on this quadrant. People and events here would be drastically affected.
Go ahead. Aye, Captain. [Ready room] Captain to the Bridge. Voyager to Tuvok. Mister Paris has regained consciousness. I thought you'd want to know. Chakotay to Tuvok. You're needed on the Bridge. We're under attack by Numiri patrols.
Others no longer than a few days. In fact, one body arrived less than twelve hours ago. I don't know, Captain. [Cavern] I recommend we leave these bodies in peace, Captain. [Cavern] I understand the chance for scientific discovery, Captain [Cavern] Captain [Cavern] There's a vacuole forming on deck thirteen. Magnetic interlocks are stable.
Bridge to Captain Janeway. Captain, we're receiving a distress call in one of the lower subspace bands.
Go ahead, Captain. He wants to make. I'm trying to talk him out of it. Acknowledged. [Planet Surface] Acknowledged [Planet Surface] Chakotay to Seska.
Captain, we haven't found any definite signs of Harry, but we've encountered several holodeck characters who claim to know what happened to him. Aye, Captain. Chakotay out. [Holodeck - Great Hall] How could it be in the holodeck? Hold on, Captain. [Holodeck - Great Hall]
Yes. I'm a little dizzy, but I think I'm all here. After the attack on the shuttle, I had the sensation of floating above my own body. I thought I was dead. Yes. I couldn't speak, I couldn't touch anything. But then I found if I concentrated on someone who was in the room with me, I could share their consciousness. At first I could only do little things with the host's body. Push buttons, work a console. As time went on, it became easier to do more. I'm sorry I had to knock you around, Tuvok. To be honest, I feel like I never left. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Senior officers please report to the bridge. One minute we were reading an empty tunnel, and the next we walked [Tunnels]
Understood.
We're experiencing [Bridge]
Chakotay to Sickbay. Is the Doctor all right? Good work. As soon as you're finished there I want all senior officers to report to the bridge.
I'm fine, Paris. Belay that, Voyager. Stand by. [Cave] Correct. [Cave] Chakotay out. [Cave] Chakotay to Away team. Captain, proceed with caution. I've been taken prisoner by a young Kazon. He's threatening to kill me.
Tuvok, can you boost the transporter signal? Aye, Captain. We think your shuttlecraft was caught in some kind of temporal anomaly. Yes, you could call it that.
Mister Kim, please report to the Bridge. Chakotay to crew. Battle stations. [Cave]
Bridge to the Captain. We've been hailed by a representative of the Bothan government. They'd like to talk to you.
Then all we need to do is locate these people and get their permission. You'd think [Clearing] Very odd. Like the flash of a memory, but it's someone I've never met. No. [Clearing]
Chakotay to Engineering. We're picking up life signs. Is your compass working? That looks a lot like the Caretaker's array. Shields! (Energy pulses, like the ones the Caretaker used to power the Ocampa's underground habitat, fire at Voyager. Boom!) Definitely weapons. Kes, is there any Ocampa history about people who left your planet, or were captured by aliens and taken away? None of that is true. We never attacked anyone except in self defence. Does she occupy our space-time continuum? What's going on? Red alert. Bridge to Janeway. Bridge to Janeway. Increase power to structural reinforcement.
There may be intruders in Transporter Room two.
Not yet. How bad is it? Options? I don't want to leave the ship defenceless this close to a hostile planet. All right, power down the shields. Yes, Neelix. Did you get the tellerium? Then we need you here. Prepare to beam directly to Engineering. Chakotay to away team. Captain, can you hear me? Tuvok, Torres, please respond. Begin rerouting power back to all key systems. What happened down there? Are you sure it was the Mokra? Any idea how the Mokra knew you were down there? Could your contact be one of them? They've probably got the resistance movement under surveillance. Good work, Mister Kim. Mister Neelix, you're with me. I think it's time we contacted the Mokra. [Bridge] Mister Paris, set a new course. Bring us out from behind the moon and establish a standard orbit around the planet. Slowly. We don't want to look aggressive. What kind of response can we expect when they see us? On screen. Commander Chakotay of the Federation starship Voyager. No. Some of my crewmembers have already been to the surface. We've lost contact with them. I have reason to believe they're being detained. Thank you. If there's any chance for a diplomatic solution, we have to pursue it. In the meantime, I want continuous scans of the surface. Standard search pattern. [Detention cell] (Torres is examining the yellow glowing barrier around the doorway.) I assure you we have no hostile intentions. But not you. Then I'd like to talk to my crewmembers. I'll consider that, after I talk to my crewmembers. Talk to your contacts again. I want an alternative to sitting here waiting for him to get back to us. [Detention cell] Can you find a way to beam through them? The Mokra aren't familiar with transporter technology. Too dangerous. We can't risk beaming in. We have to find another way that the Mokra won't detect. Sounds like a challenge for you, Mister Kim. [Market place] So much for a surprise attack. And they won't know where to concentrate their defences. Then it'll have to do. How long will it take to modify the deflector? Chakotay to Paris. Is the rescue team ready? Prepare for transport. Initiate the radion beams. Begin the transport. Maximum shields. Damage report. On screen. Give me some good news, Mister Kim. That qualifies. Good work. Can we get through? That's a big assumption. In about thirty seconds the Mokra are going to open fire. I don't know how long we're going to be able to wait for you. Full power to the shields. (Boom!) Modulate the shield frequencies. Try to throw off their sensors. Redirect all warp power to the shields. We've got to get out of their weapons range. Scan one more time for the away team. Prepare to break orbit. Where are you taking us, Mister Kim? A blind spot? How long do you thing this'll work. I'll take every second I can get. [Prison complex] Chakotay to transporter room two. Do we have them? Gladly. Lieutenant, you heard her. [Ready room]
Captain, someone's initiating a transport. It's Torres and the robot. Their shielding is making it difficult to get clear readings. I can't even tell you what their weapons capabilities are. They're firing some kind of quantum resonance charges, Captain. We've got to get out of here. Injury reports from all decks. [Pralor vessel] We're losing life support, Captain. We're talking about at least another six days of repairs. But if we can manoeuvre inside the field Attack them again? You don't mind if the rest of us give you a little help, do you, Paris? I'd hate to lose another shuttle. We're making progress on the dilithium matrix. It should be stable enough to reinitialise the warp core in about six hours. When we were in the Maquis, B'Elanna once linked a holo-emitter to a deflector array and projected an image of another ship into space. We will by the time the warp core's online. I already have Kim working on the holodeck to We've got to get Torres back now. It didn't work. He bounced right off the field.
It's trajectory is erratic, and our sensors aren't detecting any stellar or planetary gravitational fields that could account for its motion. And yet it looks, feels, and tastes just like a comet. Captain? I'm showing a large build-up of baryonic particles. By a ship? How about Stellar Cartography? Well, that's going to be a problem with just about everything we assign him to.
We're on it. (Neelix, Janeway, Tuvok and Mabus are beamed away. The Trabe ship starts shooting at an apparently empty room. Voyager fires three photon torpedoes that explode in the atmosphere above it, and it flies away. The Kazon Majes get up from their hiding places and leave.) [Transporter room]
Paris broke out of confinement in Engineering. [Bridge]
Suder, what are you doing with a comm. badge?
I haven't seen many weapons that could do that kind of damage to a duritanium hull. Continuous scans, Lieutenant. We don't want whoever did this to catch us by surprise. [Engineering] Afraid so. Probably the same way we did. Originally the Cardassians sent this thing to destroy a Maquis munitions base. We nicknamed it Dreadnought. It's a self-guided tactical missile carrying a charge of a thousand kilos of matter and another thousand of antimatter. We didn't. It got through all our defences. Worked like it was supposed to except for one minor detail. It didn't go off. The missile skipped off into the atmosphere and quietly went into orbit. And we gave it a new mission. To destroy the Cardassian fuel depot on Aschelan Five. But it never made it out of the Badlands. We thought it had been destroyed in one of the plasma storms. Lieutenant. I expect everyone to show up for meetings on time and properly dressed. (Paris nearly says something, then changes his mind.) On screen. It's not supposed to do that until it's locked onto it's final target. The planet is Class M. I'm reading several heavily populated areas. [Secret location] The Dreadnought's quantum torpedoes could be modified to be compatible with our launchers. We should also download some files from the computer core. We're back on a heading to Rakosa Five. At this rate it'll reach the planet in fifty one hours. (Later.) Torres programmed the missile's shields to adjust to all known weapons, even Starfleet's. It must have scanned our weapons, adapted its shields. To work, it would take more energy than all of our photons put together. I'm not leaving you on the ship. Everyone except senior officers, with me. (Chakotay leaves.)
Captain, have you decided who's going to replace Paris? They're made from a substance known as verterium cortenide. Do you know where we can find a source? What initial investigation? Captain, what's going on? Plan. Are you saying Paris's insulting behaviour, the gambling, being late for duty, mouthing off at me, was all a ruse? And the reason I wasn't let in on this little plan? In other words, you didn't trust me. Could it be Hogan? That would put Neelix in a potentially dangerous situation.
This is the third time you've been late this week, Mister Paris. What's the source? Slow to half impulse. She may be too sick.  According to her ship's navigational logs, the woman was en route to a remote Vidiian colony. It's about ten light years away. We should be in the general vicinity in about twenty two days. Captain. I wanted to talk to you about Lieutenant Paris. His attitude lately has been less than professional. I know crew discipline's my responsibility, but in this case I thought I should let you get involved before I took any action. In a way, Paris has been your personal reclamation project.  Mind if I join you? So how are things, Tom? How have you been feeling lately? Something bothering you? Well, you've been moody lately, indifferent to your duties. To be honest, you don't seem to be taking your job very seriously. If you've got a problem, I'd like to know what it is. You care to elaborate? What's that supposed to mean? Look, sometimes I'm not going to agree with your suggestions. But making decisions is part of being a leader. Maybe someday you'll understand that. I didn't come here for a lecture from you on how to do my job. Sure, Paris. You're excused. [Secret location] LORRUM That's all right, Mister Paris. We don't need you. Mister Grimes has taken your place at conn. Not today it isn't. That's right. When you decide to start taking your job seriously, we'll discuss it. But right now, you're dismissed. (Chakotay turns Paris around.)
You know, I didn't expect to be this nervous. It's not even my child. Captain? My father had a saying, Captain. Home is wherever you happen to be. Sounds like we're headed right into their territory.  What was that? We have just barely enough. Stand by. I'm having trouble with the alignment module. I've got alignment. Magnetising the hull. (Shudder.) I think it worked. The magnetic field is collapsing. The hull is depolarising! (Bang!) Everybody out! Go, go, go! Hurry, Captain! Captain! Captain, let's go! (Note to There are two Voyagers and two crews? They may be able to do that, but we barely have enough power for life support. How can we get enough to send an energy pulse of that size? Aye, Captain. Can you identify them? Still off-line. [Voyager 2 - Bridge] JANEWAY Maybe they hit the other Voyager. Captain, the Vidiian ship has been destroyed. So has the other Voyager. Captain's log, stardate 49548.7. There are no signs of any pursuing Vidiian vessels, and we have resumed a course toward home. [Sickbay]
Aye Captain. (The shuttlecraft is launched.)
Chakotay to all senior officers. Please report to the Bridge.
Not yet. We're having some trouble with the transporter. There's no evidence of any type of alien interference. Frankly, Captain, we're at a loss. Captain, I recommend we programme a holodeck simulation. Try recreating the accident. Tuvok said it could take up to ten days to check out all the possible problems. How'd you fix it so fast? There's an old axiom. The whole is never greater than the sum of its parts. I think Tuvix might be disproving that notion. [Planet surface] Best out of five? (Kes enters.) Not at all. (Paris takes Tuvix's cue.) Of course not. I count myself as one of them. Until the Captain makes a decision, Mister Tuvix is still the tactical officer. (Janeway comes out of her Ready room and goes to Tactical.)
What about keeping us in stasis aboard Voyager? It's risky. The Vidiians have never shown any willingness to help us. It's more likely they'd attack Voyager and try to harvest body parts from the crew. Could we live with ourselves, knowing we sent Voyager into that kind of danger? It looks like they transported the contents of the whole ship. Do you really think you can find a cure? Does it matter which way these things go? That's not much of a choice. Couldn't Starfleet have come up with something a little more cheerful? I was thinking more of a tasteful pinstripe, something in blues and greens. Well, I suggest we put the grey on the outside and the beige inside. Roughing it? Let's see, we have shelter, furniture, research equipment, tricorders, a replicator. It's too rough for me. A bathtub? Captain, I'm sure you can learn to love the sonic shower. Give me a few days on that one, okay? [Engineering] Catch anything? Oh, in the woods. Not yet. It means when it's time for you to know, I'll tell you. I'm building something. You can't stand it, can you? You're like a little kid wheedling. Can't hurt to give it a try. [Outside the shelter] (There is a rustle in the nearby bushes. Janeway grabs a towel.) I've detected primate life signs here, but I've never seen one. Looking for a pet? Well, excuse me. [Shelter] Kathryn, the Doctor worked for weeks trying to find a treatment for this disease. You've been at it twelve hours a day, seven days a week since we got here, and we're still no closer to a cure than we were the day we were infected. My people have a saying. Even the eagle must know when to sleep. Maybe it's time we both considered that. Why do you have to see it as defeat? Maybe it's simply accepting what life has dealt us, finding the good in it. Making headboards. I've noticed you sometimes sit up in your bed to read. I figured you might as well have a comfortable backrest. But what I do makes you uncomfortable, doesn't it? Every time I do something that adds a personal touch to the shelter, you resist it. I can't sacrifice the present waiting for a future that may never happen. The reality of this situation is that we may never leave here. So, yes, I'm trying to make a home. Something that's more than a plain, grey box. Kathryn! Kathryn. Are you hurt? Give it to me. It seems to be some kind of plasma storm. Our tricorders don't recognise it, but it sure packs a wallop! [Ready room] I'm sorry. I've been thinking. There's plenty of wood available here. I could probably add rooms to the shelter, give us a little more living space. I could do a certain amount with a phaser, but I was actually thinking of logs. I built a few of them when I was growing up. My father thought it was important that I learn how. No bathtub. Well, maybe those camping trips helped prepare you for life here. I think that's the first time I've heard you say anything positive about being here. (The primate chatters at them.) Do you expect him to answer you? I doubt that he can be domesticated, at least not very easily. (The primate climbs a tree.) That's a long time. At least I hope so. Aye, aye, Captain. [Shelter] (Janeway's shoulder's ache.) Here, let me help. (He strokes her hair, moves it out of the way, then starts massaging.) I've had a lot of practice at this. My mother used to get sore necks all the time. I was the only one she'd trust not to make it worse. (After a very long moment, Janeway stands up.) Sleep well, Kathryn. All right. I'm not sure I can define parameters. But I can tell you a story, an ancient legend among my people. It's about an angry warrior who lived his life in conflict with the rest of his tribe, a man who couldn't find peace, even with the help of his spirit guide. For years, he struggled with his discontent. But the only satisfaction he ever got came when he was in battle. This made him a hero among his tribe, but the warrior still longed for peace within himself. One day he and his war party were captured by a neighbouring tribe led by a woman warrior. She called on him to join her because her tribe was too small and weak to defend itself from all its enemies. The woman warrior was brave and beautiful and very wise. The angry warrior swore to himself that he would stay by her side, doing whatever he could to make her burden lighter. From that point on, her needs would come first. And in that way, the warrior began to know the true meaning of peace. No. But that made it easier to say. [Bridge] (Fighting a running battle against three ships.) How are they coming? I would never have thought of you as a gardener. Did you hate that as much as camping? If your tomatoes could spare you for a minute, I'd like your opinion on something in the house. Really? [Shelter] (Chakotay shows her a schematic on the desk computer.) What do you think? You said you wanted to explore the river. I think I could build this. I'm not sure we could fit the bathtub in the boat. Yes. (He goes to a shelf and gets the comm. badges.) Ready? (The primate turns up.) Aye, Captain. I'll have a report to you by eighteen hundred hours. Yes, ma'am. I'll see to it. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 This is not my responsibility! She has no right to expect me to I have a duty to this crew. I can't just leave and go looking for the child. Do you think it's a trap? On the other hand, it was time for her to deliver, and that baby we saw did look part Cardassian and part human. Still, the safest thing would be to ignore this message and resume our course. A-koo-chee-moya. We are far from the sacred places of our grandfathers. We are far from the bones of my people. But I ask, on this day of sorrow and uncertainty, that the wisdom of my father find me and help me understand my dilemma. Speak to me, Father. Speak to me in my dreams. I have a son, Father. Yes, but I'm not sure I'm willing to be a father to him. He was born without my consent. I had no part in it. My DNA was taken from me, used by a woman to impregnate herself without my permission. It's more than that. How do you take a child into your heart who is forced upon you by a mother's deception? No. If these ships can fool the Kazon, it's worth it. Uh, excuse me, but there is one more thing. Thank you. [Bridge]  It's not Culluh's ship. Looks more like a shuttle. I know this man. His name's Teirna. He's one of Seska's aides. She had him work me over when I was on their ship. What about the child? We'll be needing your help getting to the Gema system. Under the circumstances, I'd say you don't have much of a choice. [Doctor's office]  What's his prognosis? Polycythemia? I'd like you to run an autonomic response analysis the next time I question him. Have you found anything at all that would cast doubt on his story? I still don't trust him. [Briefing room] We might have more success avoiding him if you gave us the command codes for the Nistrim defence net. Feeling better? You're still not optimistic about our chances, are you? We've had no problem repelling the attacks so far. You still have pride in the Nistrim, don't you, Teirna? Even after what they did to you. I remember that pride in your eyes when you pounded me with your fists while I was tied to a chair. And I can see it in your eyes now, and that scares the hell out of me. Tell me something, Teirna. Every Kazon attack seems to focus on our starboard ventral. Think that might be some kind of pattern? Because if it is, and you've been lying to us Starboard ventral. Stand down Red alert. We barely have time to begin repairs before they attack it again. Why would these factions of Kazon, loyal to no one, all have the same agenda? And why would that agenda focus on a nonessential area of the ship? We can't just stay on this course and wait to see what they have in store for us. Mister Teirna should be restricted to quarters on a secured deck until further notice. Funny how they show up right after we reverse course. They took the bait. I like those odds better than eight to one. Deck eight. Teirna's quarters. Evasive manoeuvres, Mister Paris. Gamma sequence. Navigational array is offline. Intruder alert. Security to decks five through seven. May he grow up never knowing the contempt his father has for his mother. What? Is that what she told you? What's in the Hanon system? A clearing with a protected side like the base of a cliff would be best. That includes anything that can be used as a tool or a weapon. All right, start dividing the crew. Looks like we don't have much daylight left. We'll spread the teams out in a standard alpha search pattern to see what we have to work with. At first glance, it's an M-class planet in a Pliocene stage of evolution. Let me help you. Don't push yourself. That goes for everyone. Perspiring wastes water. (He takes the baby from her. There is a ground tremor. Captain Janeway leads them through a gap in the rocks.) That's all that's left of Hogan's uniform, Captain. We didn't find anything else. I know it sounds grisly, but I can make solar stills with the material from this uniform. We could have water tomorrow. Trapped on a barren planet and you're stuck with the only Indian in the universe who can't start a fire by rubbing two sticks together. I was never good at this as a child and I'm still not good at it. We need kindling of some sort. (He stares at the Captain.) Something my father once told me about starting a fire. (A short time later, all the long-haired crew have had to sacrifice a lock to the cause. Kim gets to cut Janeway's hair.)  There are signs of a struggle near the edge of camp. I found alien tracks. Well, I'm better at tracking than starting fires. This is thoughtful of you Tuvok, but my tribe never used bows and arrows, and I've never even shot one. Are you all right? Have you been able to tell if they have a leader? Listen to the sound of my voice, and you'll know that I mean you no harm. I come without weapons. But I must have my people back. (The chief silences the males and talks to Chakotay.) Thank you, but she should stay with you. I must take them with me. Kes, stand up slowly and walk away with us. (Neelix and Kes walk away as Chakotay faces the chief.) We have to go now. (He follows Kes and Neelix up the slope.) Just keep walking. Don't look back. In there! I know. If they know it too, they won't follow us in. Come on! (He is right.) [Engineering] (Cullah is watching from the top walkway. Seska is on the one below.) Come on. We have to see if there's another way out of here. (Further along, there is a small rock fall after a tremor.)  Which way do you like, Tuvok? All right, let's take it slow. Single file. [Outside the tunnel] (Torres, Ayala and a crewwoman throw rocks at the natives.) Go! [Tunnel] (They run back to the entrance. The serpent follows.) Everybody out! [Outside the tunnel] Go, go, go! [Outside the tunnel] Come on. [Jefferies Tube] KAZON I agree with the Captain. We have to find a way to share this world with them. I don't believe that. (Kes runs out to them.) It's okay. (He puts her over his shoulder and carries her back up to safety. The chief is impressed.)
Captain, forgive me, but you've never been one to put much trust in religious ceremonies. Exactly what is it you hope to accomplish? Some kind of physiological change, maybe. We'll have to find a way to allow the Doctor to monitor your physical condition, and you should have a way to call for an emergency beam out if you need it. As a precaution. We don't have any idea what the ritual entails. Of course there's always the possibility that the Ancestral Spirits really do control what happens in the shrine. I remember when my mother taught me the science underlying the vision quest. In a way I felt disappointed. Some of the mystery was gone. Maybe the Nechani have chosen not to lose the mystery. What does that mean? Is she in danger? Then there's nothing so far that would suggest a treatment for Kes. It's been three days since she had any sleep. How long are we going to let her go through this? She's been poisoned by some unknown toxin. It may be having an effect we can't gauge. It could lie dormant for a few days and then suddenly fluctuate and kill her in minutes. Are you getting enough meaningful information to justify her continuing this ordeal? Then is it possible she's in no condition to activate the homing signal? All right, we'll leave her there for now, but I'm not moving from this monitor until she gets back. [Coastline] (Waves rolling onto a rocky shore with a cliff behind Janeway.) How does that translate into a cure for Kes? Captain, if you'll excuse me, I'm probably more useful on the bridge right now. (Chakotay leaves.) Captain, we've been worried about you. Acknowledged. I'll bring her down myself. Chakotay to sickbay. Doctor, prepare Kes for transport. The Doctor says her life signs are deteriorating. He almost wouldn't let us take her out of sickbay. You have some new information on the effects of the field? Captain, you've been through a lot in the past few days. Are you sure of that? There are eight hundred megajoules of biogenic energy running through that shrine. The thoron radiation levels are off the scale. That's what you'd be taking yourself and her into. Why don't you take some time to think about this and let us run a few more scans. Captain, this isn't like you. He's right. It's my responsibility to keep you safe, for the crew's sake if not for your own. I'd rather not have to relieve you of duty, but if your judgment's been impaired in any way. Captain, I don't understand this.
From the dispersal pattern of the interstellar plasma, it looks like it isn't fixed. Seems to be travelling through space. Aye, Captain. Hard to believe, isn't it? (An older man in a long robe, and wearing a patch over his right eye, enters the square declaiming a poem.) It was very nice. I'm sorry. Not today. We've really got to be going. Tom? I'm picking up a narrow band EM dampening field around that building. It looks like some sort of temple. What do you mean, wearing your ears? Must be some sort of fetish. Greed is eternal. Chakotay to Voyager. We've found the replicator, Captain.  It seems the people have a myth, an epic poem called the Song of the Sages, which predicts the arrival of two demigods from the sky, the Sages, who would rule over the people as benevolent protectors. What they've done is co-opt the local mythology by using advanced technology like the replicator to convince the people that they're the two Sages spoken of in the poem. It's disgusting, Captain. The two Ferengi live in a palatial temple, while the people are lucky to have a roof over their heads. Now that we've found them, what are we going to do with them? But Arridor's right. We can't kidnap their gods either. The gods would be gone, but the people would be prepared for it, and they might accept it as a natural ordained occurrence. Let's get to the shuttle. (The Bard's eye patch has moved from the right to the left eye.) Your poem's very nice, but we're in a hurry. Tell me something. What happens to the Sages at the end of the Song? The Holy Pilgrim! The Holy Pilgrim! (The voices can be heard inside the vault.) Chakotay to Voyager. On my mark. [Bridge] Now. [Bridge] Stand back. (Chakotay phasers the generator.) [Town Square] (Neelix, Arridor and Kol are beamed away.) We're all here in one piece, Captain.  Acknowledged. Listen, friend, you're lucky to be alive. We beamed your shuttle to the shuttle bay. As for the rest of your possessions, they're back in the hands of the people you stole them from. Ensign Murphy, escort these men to secured quarters.  Murphy was escorting the Ferengi to their quarters. The gravitational effects of the wormhole are refracting the beam. I can't get a lock. Try setting the scanners to a narrowband subspace frequency. [Ferengi shuttle] (An alarm sounds.) Initiate a high intensity impulse burst.
The vultures are circling. Aye, Captain. Are you all right, Lieutenant?  So how are you feeling this morning? I didn't ask because I'm concerned about your ability to perform, I'm concerned about you. Sorry I asked. Maybe you should try to forget about it for a while. I've found that when you don't think about a problem, sometimes the solution comes to you. [Engineering] Good point. Mister Kim? Anything unusual about the nebula itself? Cloaked ships? Maybe you should go back to Sickbay. Tuvok? (Tuvok is back at the cliff.)
Captain, Ambassador Liria is hailing us. I'm sure the same could be said of anyone who was near the explosion. It's hardly enough evidence for a conviction. Aye, Captain. [Paris' hovel]  There's no indication they followed us. Our long range scans indicate that Liria was right. There's no trilithium in this sector.  We're in hailing range of the Akritirian freighter, Captain. I guess you're not the only captain who doesn't want their ship boarded. So much for negotiating.
B'Elanna. B'Elanna, wake up. Your duty shift started twenty minutes ago. I tried to reach you on the comm. but you didn't answer. Are you feeling all right? This is the second morning you've been late. I'm not concerned about the duty schedule, B'Elanna. If there's something wrong Ah, you mean fine like when you insisted on finishing the hoverball championship with a broken ankle? Intensely bad? So they're enjoyable. Stimulating. I don't suppose you've been dreaming about anyone in particular? One of our passengers? I'm sure. So I assume I won't have to write up a report on your chronic oversleeping? I know. You'll rip my heart out and eat it raw. Your secret's safe with me. [Corridor] (In smart casual wear, coming out of the turbolift.) Actually, I think she might have gone to bed early tonight. [B'Elanna's dream - Bedroom] (Korenna is getting a lecture from her father.) Can you get it done before we drop off the Enarans? Is there something else on your mind? In what way? B'Elanna It sounds like a holonovel. It can't be a coincidence that this is going on while we have a group of telepaths on board. Why don't you ask your friend in Engineering. I'll talk to the Captain. She should know anything that might involve our guests. And you have evidence that she was murdered?
What's that? I'd say over fifteen months even if we could sustain maximum warp, which we can't. They can't possibly have enough ships to patrol a border this size. We could probably find an unguarded section. Captain? I think we've found it. A way to get across the border without being detected. And we've found that this area shows no indication of their vessels. We can slide through, go to high warp and be through this narrow section of their territory in four days. That looks like thousands of ships. Maybe they haven't detected us. Mister Paris, take us through. If we can sustain that for twelve hours we'll be nearly a third of the way through. Red alert! Shields at maximum. Do you think they're trying to communicate? I'll say. As far as anyone's sensors are concerned we're lit up like a Christmas tree. How did that happen? Anything we fire is going to affect us instead of them. What about a photon torpedo? They're starting to drain our systems.
Red Alert! Captain Janeway to the bridge. [Bridge] Acknowledged, Captain.
Can we beam the passengers out through all that radiation? Bridge to Janeway. [Transporter Room one] Block it. Lock on the tractor beam. Target phasers at their engine core, just enough to knock out propulsion. Set a course to follow them. Acknowledged. You wouldn't think it was possible to make those adjustments so quickly. At some point your people must have rebelled. If this was meant to be a trap, why tell us about it? I'll cover you.
Chakotay here, Captain. [Bridge]  Bridge to Janeway. You'd better come in here, Captain.
Doctor [EMH narrative - Bridge] Can you treat him? No. [EMH narrative - Bridge] I'm sorry, but I'm afraid we can't take the chance.
Chakotay to Tuvok and Kim. Report to the bridge.
Can we plot a course around it? I have the station on sensors, Captain. Three point four light years away, heading oh seven one mark one seven. We were hoping to find some magnetic spindle bearings for our reaction control assembly. No. Neelix. I thought you'd like to say hello to your old friend. Mister Wix was able to find those magnetic spindle bearings we were looking for. I don't know what we'd have done if he hadn't come up them. I'll let you two reminisce for a while. Thanks again, Wix. Murder? What's the charge?
Is there anyone in the area who might consider this their  property?    She bit you?  You said she was going after the gallicite, so we'll do the  same and hope it leads us to her.  Let's go. [Cave] (There  is some light, water dripping and mosses growing. Torres scans the  rocks then moves a few to reveal a power cable and a flashing light.)  We'll send somebody down here to study it more closely. Right  now we've got to get you back to the ship.  My name is Chakotay. I assure you, we have no hostile intent.    B'Elanna, please.  We'd be glad to take her and leave your territory.  We only came to find some gallicite. We thought this planet  was uninhabited.  It's standard procedure for any mission into unfamiliar  territory.  I'd be glad to tell you all about my people and learn about  yours. There's no need to hold us here for interrogation.  As I said, we didn't know there was anyone down here.  That's something we can help you with.  We can show you how we detected the gallicite, so you can  disguise it better. We can also help you eliminate the last traces of  the ruins on the surface, so no one else will be curious about them.  Yes. I assume the Sakari once lived there.  I can certainly understand your caution, but let us  demonstrate our good faith by helping you protect yourselves. Then  we'll go and never bother you again.  Are you two all right?    Chakotay to Voyager. Please respond. Still nothing.  There must be some kind of communications problem. I'm sure  they'll clear it up soon.  Hold on, Tom. There's not going to be any challenge. Are you  responsible for the ship being out of contact?  Just hold on. Neither of you are thinking straight right now.    You mean let them fight?  All right.  I think there's something you should see, Captain. We found  this as we were clearing away the ruins. Undoubtedly, one of the  invaders who destroyed this colony.  (A skeleton with cybernetic skull and body implants.) 
Harry's clarinet solo was okay. I could have done without Tuvok's reading of Vulcan poetry. But the highlight of the evening was definitely Kathryn Janeway portraying the Dying Swan. I don't doubt it. If Neelix has another talent night I hope you reprise it. Me? Get up in front of people and perform? I don't think so. Sounds great. If I miss I get to be Captain. Atmospheric turbulence. We might be in for a rough landing. I'm reading even more severe storms near the surface. I think we took a lightning hit. Attitude control is out. The navigational system's out. I'll try the emergency anti-grav thrusters. (The shuttlecraft tumbles through the clouds. The next time we see it, it is on the ground, badly damaged. Chakotay revives to see Janeway lying on the floor.) Kathryn. Kathryn! (He checks her pulse.) Kathryn! Kathryn! (He gets out a medical tricorder and scans her. The beeps are not good.) No! Hang on, Kathryn. (He starts CPR.) Breathe, damn it. Breathe! Don't you die on me now. Come on, Kathryn. Breathe! Listen to me, Kathryn. You've got to breathe. Breathe! Breathe! Come on. Come on! (He gives her an injection and she gasps.) Yes. Don't ever do that to me again. You went into shock. You gave me quite a scare there for a minute. This should help reduce your cranial swelling. Should have a headache for a while. We need to set up a homing signal. Hey, take it easy. I can get them. You set up the homing signal. Here. At least the storm seems to be dying. (Chakotay runs back to the shuttlecraft, and Janeway starts work on her comm. badge with the tool Chakotay gave her.) There are phaser burns on the hull. I don't think it was lightning strikes that hit us. I think we were shot down. I don't know. I'm going back to see if I can get an energy signature from the burns. Disconnect it while I scan the shuttle. (She goes to join him.) The signatures are Vidiian. If they shot us down you can be sure they'll be coming for us. We need to find a hiding place. Life forms, fifty metres from here. They're coming this way. There's another group in this direction. We're surrounded. Harry's clarinet solo was okay. I could have done without Tuvok's reading of Vulcan poetry. But the highlight of the evening was definitely Kathryn Janeway portraying the Dying Swan. You're right. We have been here before. Yes. They shot us down and attacked us. Whatever's going on, let's change tactics this time. Let's not try to land on that planet. Or of Vidiian ships. Chakotay to Voyager. Chakotay to Voyager, do you read us? Is it Vidiian? I've got it. It's a warship, loaded with weaponry. It's closing fast. We can try. Setting evasive pattern Delta four. Shields down to eighty four percent. Nice aim. We've lost shields! That one hit the reactant injectors. The magnetic fields are failing. The gas flow separators are down. Let's retrace our steps. Get back to the part of space we were in before all this started happening. Let me guess. It's a Vidiian ship. Sacajawea to Voyager. Do you read us? We're being pursued by two Vidiian ships. Set a course for our shuttle and have weapons powered. If you're going to emit that tachyon burst, you'd better do it now. In a couple of minutes those ships'll be right on top of us. The Vidiians are almost within range. Ready weapons. What happened? Then those ships must have been part of the time loop. Not a minute too soon. I was getting awfully tired of talking about Talent Night. We were on our way to the second planet of a binary system. And then we were attacked by the Vidiians, but we managed to escape and get back here. But I don't remember anything about a repeating time loop. You heard the Captain. Let's get moving. [Sickbay] I know. We're back. (There is a bright light ahead of them.) It's exerting a gravito-magnetic force. Changing course. We're still being drawn toward it. Structural integrity is weakening. Captain, maybe we should go in. Listen to me. Maybe we're doing this all wrong. Maybe the thing to do is fly into it. It's going to tear the shuttle apart. The hull is breaching! [Planet surface] (Janeway watches Chakotay performing CPR on her.) Don't you die on me, Kathryn. Start breathing! Breathe, dammit. Breathe! Don't do this to me, Kathryn. Come on, Kathryn, breathe. Don't you die on me. Come on, breathe. Kathryn, listen to me, you have to breathe. Start breathing! Come on! Come on! (He scoops her up in his arms, weeping.) No, Kathryn! You can't die. Yes, Voyager. How far are you? I have an emergency here. The Captain's dead. We have to get her back to sickbay. The Doctor may still be able to revive her. Acknowledged. Kathryn, we're going to get you back. [Sickbay] (Chakotay is there while the EMH and Kes work on the dead Janeway. Janeway watches.) In the past Kes has shown an ability an unseen presence. I think we have to take her seriously. Get on it. It's your top priority. Neelix, help the crew with this. Keep their morale up until we can get some answers. Yes, sir. Right away. Good idea. Tom, we'll take duty stations. Would anyone else like to say something? I know this hasn't been easy, but I think we'll all be better for it. We will honour the Captain one last time. Release the pod. (A crewman blows a bosun's whistle as Janeway's torpedo casing coffin is sent out into space.) Ensign Kim was right when he said the Captain wouldn't want us to be sad. Neelix has prepared some food, and it would be nice if we could all get together and share the good times we had with Captain Janeway. She's coming back. Her eyes are open. Kathryn, hang on. We're bringing you back. Just fight a little longer. Fight it, Kathryn, just a little longer. Kathryn? You and I were caught in a magnetic storm and crashed here. You were badly injured. The Doctor just arrived on the shuttle with Tuvok and began treating you. But each time you seemed to fight back. Another place? Some kind of afterlife? I could have sworn I heard the Doctor tell you to take it easy for a few days. You shouldn't push yourself. You've been through a lot. I can understand that. I can't help thinking about it. That alien, his Matrix. He was like the spider that has to lure a fly into his web. That's a little hard to believe. I'm sure that's the case. After going head to head with Kathryn Janeway he must have realised he'd met his match. Like something worth living for. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Are you saying we're lost, Ensign? Lost as in you can't get a fix on our position. Try hailing Voyager again. Then we'll just have to navigate the old-fashioned way. Engage optical scanners. I'm picking up an asteroid field at coordinates one one three mark seven. Record it. Great. We're not only lost, we're flying in circles. (Beeping.) Well, at least someone knows where we are. The signal's coming from the planet surface. Sensor readings are sketchy. I'm detecting about eighty thousand humanoid life forms on the western continent, some rudimentary structures and technology, but no energy signature big enough to be a starship. Try adjusting the bandwidth. This is Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager. Please identify yourself. They've identified us as a Federation ship. Whoever they are, they're asking for our help. Launch a message buoy letting Voyager know we've landed in response to a distress call. [Settlement] (Night. Fires burn in makeshift braziers.) I can't pinpoint the source of the transmission. (Four armed figures step out from the metal structures.) I'm Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager. We're responding to a distress call. We're looking for whoever it was who asked for our help. You're human. Why did you attack us? What did you do with Kaplan? I've got to get back to my shuttle. How did It's a long story. Why don't you go first. There are other humans here? And the ones who put you in stasis? Why did those people kill Kaplan? We were no threat to them. So those kind of attacks, they go on all the time? I've got to contact my ship. I can help you. It's delicious. No problem. I'm a vegetarian. About sixty seven years, provided we don't find a wormhole or some other faster way of getting back. We'd be missing an incredible opportunity to explore unknown space. Besides, we've made a good life for ourselves on Voyager. I'm sure Captain Janeway would be amenable to take as many of your people with us as we can accommodate. I assumed that's why you sent the distress call. But you were brought here against your will. You just said how dangerous it is. I can understand that, but What about those unfriendly neighbours of yours? I'll come with you. Hello? Anybody there? Riley? (He returns to the controls and finally hits the right ones. Sunlight streams in.) [Settlement] (There are people from many races here, all bald, some missing forearms. Chakotay sees a small group on the far side. One man with a Borg eye implant and cyborg forearm is working on another person with a metal plate at the back of their skull. That person turns around.) Riley? What are you? Are you Borg? You mean you weren't just kidnapped. You were assimilated by the Collective. And then? Why didn't you tell me all this in the first place? You'd been assimilated. You weren't in control of your actions. Would what be safe? Medical applications? This is all very fascinating, but I don't see how it helps me. I see. I thought you said the link was severed. You want to hook up my mind to some Borg collective! I'm not letting anyone implant some neural processor in my brain. Thanks, but I don't think so. I'll take my chances and wait for Voyager. Any sign of Voyager? It's either that or the Happy Hunting Grounds, huh? It was incredible. I heard all of you, your thoughts inside my head, as if they were my thoughts. And I could see myself through your eyes. I saw faces, planets. What were they? I know things about all of them, about you. You like bluebonnets. You used to pick them back home in Texas with a man who carried a walking stick. I know so much about you. I felt that. How long will it last? Yes. Hand me that hyperspanner. There, that should at least get the short range transmitters operational. Now, if we can get the signal amplifiers online. Well, I guess you haven't learned everything about me, have you. You're the ones who saved my life. I was so resistant to being linked. Now I'm almost sorry it's over. Last night when we were still connected, I realised what it is you really want from us. It's more than just supplies and security upgrades. It's a pretty radical concept. Why don't you tell her about it yourself? [Briefing room] I know it sounds extreme, Captain, but I think you should hear her out. What they're asking us to do is reactivate that ship's neuroelectric generator and redirect it toward the planet. If you're asking me whether or not she's sincere, I have to say yes. That's an understatement. I heard their thoughts, felt their feelings, saw through their eyes. No. I really care about what happens to these people, so in my heart I'd like to do everything we can to help them. But if I were sitting in your chair, I'd have to take other considerations into account. I'll let Riley know. [Settlement] (Other crew are also on the planet.) I'm afraid her decision was final. What about the raiders? How long do you think you can hold out against them? Come with us. We could replicate some Texas Barbeque. I'm sure it won't compare to your mothers, but I think I've never understood anyone better in my life. You're on. Did you say something? Are you getting a comm. transmission? It must have been my imagination. I'm fine. Don't do that. (Chakotay points a phaser at Torres.) I don't know what to say except I'm sorry. Maybe so. But somehow that doesn't make me feel any better. I helped them repair the communications array, and I told you they were sincere. But I couldn't have been more wrong about them, could I? But they didn't hesitate to impose their collective will on me when it served their interests, did they? I wonder how long their ideals will last in the face of that kind of power. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
That asteroid should have been vaporised. What happened? Location? Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, I want you to beam aboard a sample of the debris from that last asteroid. Let's find out why it wasn't vaporised. Hail them. Notify Lieutenant Paris and the others. We may have a team down. Go ahead. [Engineering] I'll be right there. Ambassador? [Shuttlecraft] (The shuttle has landed. There is knocking on the hull. Tuvok opens the rear door.) B'Elanna, give me a hand with this. (They pull the rock apart to reveal technology inside.) Ambassador, I have a feeling these asteroids aren't striking your planet by chance. [Mag-lev carriage] They remodulated their shields to fool our sensors. We're being hailed. They'll be here in under ten minutes, Captain. The ship is within range. They're charging weapons. No effect. We can't penetrate their shields. [Mag-lev carriage] They're remodulating their shields. They're retreating, Captain.
Chakotay here, Captain. [Mountain path] JANEWAY
Let's mark the coordinates of that trinary star. It'll be a good reference point for this sector. Not that I remember. Why? What? Warp engines are down. A plasma conduit just blew in Engineering. Propulsion systems are down. They're reporting casualties. How could you know that? They'll intercept in thirty six minutes. I doubt it. Engineering's still working on repairs. We could manage warp three at best. We're coming up on that star system. We'll pass it if we stay at warp. They'll enter weapons range in a few seconds. (On the viewscreen is the planet from Kim's dream.) Is it Nasari? Aye, Captain. What's your next trick, Harry. Pull a shuttlecraft out of a hat? Can we get through the grid? I guess we're not welcome anymore. [Taresia] (The room is darkened. Women enter bearing staffs. Eliann lights candles.) We've been able to poke some holes in the tachyon grid but they're too small to squeeze Voyager through. I doubt it. And even if one could, there's another problem. A Taresian ship is patrolling the other side of the grid. [Doctor's office] I thought you'd confirmed that he has Taresian DNA. Their whole story about embryo implantation was a lie. He's human. Wouldn't the biofilters pick up the virus and eliminate it? Our away mission to that planet where we found the vorillium. Harry was with us, and he was separated from the group for a while. Don't forget that welcoming committee on the planet. It sounds as if they're giving him every incentive to want to stay on Taresia. We've been lucky to have you, Harry. If we hit the grid here, we'll have a few seconds before the patrol ship can move in to intercept us. Then I'll have to be quick. I'm not picking up Harry's comm. signal. Initiating level one bioscans of the surface. We've got him. Welcome back. We could use your strategic intuition about now.
Captain's log, stardate 55836.2. Kes has remained in temporal sync with us for two days now, but since we don't know when she may jump again, we can't afford to rest until we've found some way to help her. [Medical laboratory]
Debris? Something ripped it apart, and from the energy decay readings I'd say it was no more than an hour ago. I've got it too. It's like a wake, leading away from the debris field. I can't tell. I see it too. A subspace disruption. Brace for impact! I'm not afraid to say it. I've never seen anything like that before. I'm looking at the telemetry we've collected. It was an astral eddy that seems to have formed at the confluence of space and subspace. If we could harness some of that energy, we could go off replicator rations for a while. Be ready to move away quickly if it starts moving towards us. What about the plasma? Is there anyway we can transfer some of it to Voyager? Where's the probe? We've got another particle wake. Since we can't get plasma directly from the eddies, maybe we can collect some from their wakes. Right. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Yes, ma'am. [Sickbay]
We've completed long range scans. If we maintain our present course we'll enter a region of heavy tetryon radiation within two days. A three month detour. Source? Localise them. Seal off the deck. Go ahead. [Corridor] JANEWAY Acknowledged. [Mess hall] Neelix, get down! (Neelix duck and Chakotay fires. The two Voth become visible. Veer fires a dart into Chakotay's shoulder, who collapses. Tuvok stuns Veer. Gegen goes to Chakotay and beams out with him.) [Sickbay] Chakotay to Voyager. What do you want from me? Why did you invade our ship? Do you always harpoon the local wildlife? So you took me instead. That's right. Earth. Who are you? Look, drop the forcefield and tell me what's going on. Then maybe we can make first contact in a civilized way. For what it's worth I'm a scientist, too. Maybe I can help you find whatever it is you're looking for. I won't bite. Thanks. My name's Chakotay. All right, Gegen, let's talk about Earth. [Sickbay] If a saurian species had developed a language and technology, you'd think they would have left something behind. But, what if it evolved on am isolated continent? Earth has been devastated by countless natural disasters over the course of it's history. Asteroids, volcanoes, earthquakes. All evidence of your race could be at the bottom of the ocean or under kilometres of rock. And ended up here, in the Delta Quadrant. Next time you might try a simple hello first. I hope I've made a good impression. Well I suggest we get back to Voyager. Your friend Veer is probably sick of the mammalian food by now. Why not? Tell them we'll be late. What are you going to do? That might be difficult with the evidence standing right beside you. They've taken my ship. It sounds to me like we're all on trial here. If I may speak? Voyager's database contains a complete fossil record of my planet. Your genetic markers appear not only in humans but in hundreds of species throughout our history. That's a lot of random convergence. If you'd take a look at the data Gegen! It's you who are mistaken, Minister. You accuse Gegen of having his objectivity clouded by wishful thinking, but aren't you guilty of the same charge? I understand, but in a way your beliefs are. How you think about yourselves, your place in the universe, that is on trial. And this isn't the first time. I've had the opportunity over the last few days to learn something about your culture, your great accomplishments. Consider the breakthrough into Transwarp, an incredible achievement, and yet, your ancient Doctrine predicted terrible disasters if it were even attempted. That held your race back for millennia, until someone took a chance and challenged that prediction. They succeeded, and your society entered a new chapter of exploration, and your Doctrine was changed accordingly. I know from the history of my own planet that change is difficult. New ideas are often greeted with scepticism, even fear. But sometimes those ideas are accepted, and when they are progress is made. Eyes are opened. I see something very different, Minister. An ancient race of Saurians, probably the first intelligent life on Earth, surrounded by some of the most terrifying creatures that ever lived. And yet they thrived, developed language and culture and technology. And when the planet was threatened with disaster, they boldly launched themselves into space, crossed what must have seemed like unimaginable distances, facing the unknown every day. But somehow they stayed together, kept going, with the same courage that had served them before, until they reached this quadrant, where they laid the foundation of what has become the great Voth culture. Deny that past, and you deny the struggle and achievements of your ancestors. Deny your origins on Earth, and you deny your true heritage. I'm sorry. You were courageous, just as the Voth have always been from the first time they left Earth. There's something else I hope you never forget. (He gives Gegen a small globe of Earth.) Some day. Eyes open. Chakotay to Voyager. Energise. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
In the last three hours we've lost twenty two of our people. According to the Nyrians, they've all showed up on their colony as though we're switching places. Any idea what might be causing these transfers? In all fairness, Captain, they haven't been threatening in any way. They seem as puzzled by all this as we are. Cargo Bay two is almost full. We'll have to start converting the shuttle bays. I'll have to reassign more crewmembers to security. Our ranks are getting a little thin. Then how do we get it unsnagged? I think he's in Cargo Bay two now. Chakotay to Neelix. The Captain's gone. We need you to find a Nyrian scientist called Rislan and get him to Engineering as soon as you can. Do what you have to do to get some answers, B'Elanna. [Cargo Bay two] I can't spare anyone for repairs. You'll have to make do. How do you like your first day as Chief of Security, Ensign? Who says there's no room for advancement on this ship. How many people does that leave us? More than one hundred Nyrians. I want access to all systems restricted to authorised voice prints only. Seal off any part of the ship that we're not using and place security forcefields around sensitive areas. Warp core, armoury, torpedo bays. And let's hope I'm just being paranoid. [Engineering] What, all thirteen of them? What about the Nyrian scientist he was watching? Find him. That's a priority. To have a talk with the Nyrians. [Cargo Bay two] (The cargo bay is empty of life.) Chakotay to all hands. Security alert. The Nyrians may be trying to take control of the ship. Everyone, get to the bridge or main Engineering and secure them against possible intruders. [Jefferies tube] They're everywhere. They're even decrypting our access codes. The Nyrians obviously prepared for this before they got here. They must have tapped into our computer somehow, gotten enough information to plan this mission down to the letter. (Chakotay suddenly realises he is talking to himself.) Larsen? Chakotay to anybody who's left. Please respond. Anybody else? The two of us aren't going to win this, so we might as well make life as difficult for the Nyrians as we can. Sabotage everything you can get your hands on. Good luck. [Bridge] Let's hope so. Chakotay to Gennaro. They're trying to delete the Doctor's programme. Are you anywhere near Sickbay? Gennaro? Computer, how long ago did Crewman Gennaro leave the ship? Activate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. Doctor, over here. You're program's going to be deleted unless I can download you into the mobile emitter before I disappear, which should be any second now. (The Nyrians start to force open the door. The EMH hypos the first one, blocking the door.) Got it! (The EMH vanishes. Chakotay palms the mobile emitter as the other Nyrians enter.) All right. I know when to quit. [Habitat] Is this the way you operate, gradually changing places with the crew of a ship? What happens if we try to leave this little paradise? It's still a prison. A perfectly isolated area. Doesn't that seem a bit convenient? You're assuming the first one will work. I've got to give you credit, Tuvok, working on the fly with nothing but random parts, with no guide to follow. I never thought Vulcans had much of a knack for improvising. You could say that. This reminds me of those survival classes they put us through at the Academy. Surprise tactical simulations, getting dropped off in the woods with no chance to prepare. They certainly taught you to live by your wits. I guess so.
Where are you headed? Mind if I walk with you? So, how's it going? Tuvok still giving you a hard time? I don't know about you, but when I think about spending seventy years on the same ship with that guy, it gives me a headache. I get the impression a lot of the crew agrees with me. Maquis and Starfleet. [Turbolift]  Bridge. So, what do you think? About what I've been saying. That a lot of the crew aren't too happy with our Chief of Security. And for that matter, I don't think Captain Janeway's winning any popularity contests either. Don't you agree? Let's just say I'm interested in your opinion. You're a good officer. I like you. And I wouldn't want to see you get hurt. There're going to be some changes around here. All of the Maquis are in line, and about twenty five of the Starfleet crew are with us. And when the shooting starts, I'm going to need to know which side you're on. [Bridge] There's a first time for everything, I guess. Don't worry, Captain, I'll keep your ship safe and sound. Captain, I've been thinking. Are you sure you don't want to take Lieutenant Tuvok with you, just in case the Rukani turn out to be less friendly than they seem? Lieutenant, I want you to keep close tabs on the Captain's shuttle. Let's make sure she doesn't run into any trouble. Ensign, let's shut down those transporters and start that diagnostic we've been putting off. Have you finished upgrading the internal sensors, Ensign? (Torres is at Mission Ops 2.) I hope so. (Two security men enter by the door next to Tuvok's station. Chakotay takes a PADD from one of them.) Wait here. No, it's just tomorrow's duty roster. Thank you, Tuvok. Chakotay to all hands. Let's do it. You're wasting your time, Harry. All my teams have taken control of Security, Engineering and all key systems. That's going to be a little difficult. All your off-duty Starfleet friends have been locked down in quarters. (Kim is about to shoot Chakotay, but Ensign Torres gets him first.) I guess you've made your choice. Go ahead. Carlson, O'Donnell, get these people to the brig. Ayala, take the conn and move us out of com range of Janeway's shuttle. You're with me. [Turbolift]  Deck two. Thanks for watching my back in there. Are you okay? He's only stunned. We're not going to kill anybody today, unless it's absolutely necessary. Just stay close. [Corridor]  Stay low. We'll just have to shoot our way past them. Ready? (They shoot down the guards, one is taken out by a Bajoran woman with a phaser rifle.) Thanks for the help. Everybody, drop your weapons. We're still going to need a cook. Chakotay to Engineering. What's your status? Transporter rooms one and two, status. Shuttlebay, status. I'll take care of the prisoners here. You two get some help and start rounding up the personnel that are still locked down in quarters. Bring them to Cargo Bay one. Just like old times. [Corridor] Now is not the time, Seska. Take a good look around you. You're under armed guard. You may also notice that your senior officers aren't here. They're in the brig. They'll be put off the ship at the first habitable planet we come to. All except Janeway and Paris, who will arrive at their rendezvous coordinates to find that Voyager's not there. In short, I've taken control of the ship. I don't blame any of you for the mistakes of your leaders, so I'm giving you a choice. You can be put off the ship with your superiors or you can do what Neelix and some of your other crew members have already done and join me. If you do, you'll be part of a crew that's going to do whatever it takes to get us home as fast as possible. Under my command, we won't let almighty Federation principles get in the way of opportunities the way Janeway did when she destroyed the array that could have gotten us home. And we won't be wasting precious time stopping to investigate every insignificant anomaly that we come across. What we will do is use any means necessary to acquire technology that can shorten our journey. To hell with Starfleet regulations. You have fifteen minutes to make up your minds. It's been accessed forty seven times by thirty three different crew members. Anybody else? Besides, Tuvok, if the crew doesn't get an ending, you may have a real mutiny on your hands. I don't care what kind of story it is, as long as I'm not the bad guy this time.
It's Kes. The Doctor believes that the aliens are accessing her memory. I've ordered long range scans for bioships. Nothing so far. Chakotay out.
Ship's status report. We've got two teams on the hull, stripping off the Borg armour. They're working around the clock but it's still slow going. Torres is having problems cleaning out the plasma relays. It's disrupting the antimatter reaction. Until she's got it fixed we're stuck at impulse. She's requesting all personnel with a level three engineering rating or higher to lend a hand. Long range sensors are picking up residual transwarp signatures, Borg vessels. They passed by probably three days ago. Having half our propulsion system overrun by Borg implants doesn't make repairs any easier. That might be true if she were willing, but she's not in the most cooperative mood. Our Borg? For all we know, Annika and her parents were the first humans the Borg ever assimilated. So she was raised by the Borg. It's the only life she ever really knew. If you were thinking of bringing her into the fold, that might not be possible. She's bypassed our security protocols. It's too late. [Kes' quarters] Increase the structural integrity field on deck two. Chakotay here. Captain? Captain, we can't get a lock. [Corridor] What's happening? Emergency containment fields. Acknowledged. (The shuttlecraft flies out of the bay and goes up.) Systems coming back online.
(native American with a tattoo) Damage report. Be creative! Initiating evasive pattern omega. Mark. I need more power if we're going to make it to the Badlands. Tuvok, shut down all the phaser banks. If you can give me another thirty seconds at full impulse, I'll get us into the Badlands. Throw the last photons at them and then give me the power from the torpedo system. Are you reading any plasma storms ahead? That's where I'm going. Hold on! (The little ship dodges around the plasma streamers.) Gul Evek must feel daring today. Can you plot a course through these plasma fields, Mister Tuvok? We can use a time to make some repairs. What was that? Source? Another storm? Anything left in those impulse generators, B'Elanna? Maximum power. How do you know my name? No. A member of our crew is missing too. B'Elanna Torres, my engineer. Three of us will transport to your ship. (Transmission ends.) Were you going to deliver us into their waiting hands, Vulcan? I see you had help. At least the Vulcan was doing his duty as a Starfleet officer. But you, you betrayed us for what? Freedom from prison? Latinum? What was your price this time? He can tell us where they are. (The old man is on a bench plucking his banjo.) Where are our people? We won't do that. The Ocampa use it for barter? But she got out. Maybe you can't, but we can. If the array is the Ocampa's sole source of energy, why would the Caretaker seal the conduits? That doesn't necessarily mean he's dying. He could be leaving. My leg is broken. I can't move. Get out of here, Paris, before the whole thing comes down! You get on those stairs, they'll collapse! We'll both die! Wrong tribe. Fine. Be a fool. If I have to die, at least I'll have the pleasure of watching you go with me. (With Chakotay's arms around his neck, Paris pulls them both up the remaining steps.) You're too heavy. (The section of staircase falls just as they step off it.)  [Sickbay] (The EMH has repaired Chakotay's leg, and healed Torres and Kim.) We've got to get back to our ship. I think so, Captain.  [Bridge] Their weapons array has been hit. They're in trouble. I'm setting a collision course, but the guidance system is disabled. I'll have to pilot the ship manually. Get the crew ready to beam to Voyager. And drop shields for transport. Paris, my crew's coming over. Tell one of your crackerjack Starfleet transporter chiefs to keep a lock on me. I'm going to try and take some heat off your tail. Wait. (He is so close to the Kazon he can almost see through the port holes.) Now! (KaBOOM! The Kazon ship has fires raging internally.)  [Transporter room] PARIS They've got me.  [Array] She's the Captain.
Then what happened? Don't worry, Lieutenant. I'll take care of this. I've confined her to quarters. Formal charges? Come on, Tuvok. We're seventy five years away from the nearest court. Are you really going to hold her in the brig for that long? Well, I'd like to settle this on my own without filing charges and without involving the Captain. She's a Maquis, and in the Maquis, sometimes you have to push people out of your way to get things done. Look, Lieutenant, I don't have to explain myself to you. I'll deal with B'Elanna personally, and then I'll inform the Captain. You're to drop this matter. That's an order. You do that. (The doors close and Tuvok walks away. Chakotay gets out on another floor and is joined by two of his Maquis crew.) I don't know yet but I'll handle it. Not true. What does that mean? If I ever hear you talk that way again, I'll personally throw you in the brig for mutiny.  [Torres's Quarters] (B'Elanna is pacing like a caged tiger. The doorbell rings and she throws a bowl at it. The door opens and the bowl just misses Chakotay.) Here. (Chakotay hands her a PADD.) The medical report on Lieutenant Carey. I don't want to hear it! You might be interested to know that the impact fractures along his cranium were pretty severe. If you'd hit him just a little harder, you could have driven some of those bones into his cerebellum. So on the one side, I'm facing a Vulcan who wants court-martial you. And on the other, I'm facing all the Maquis who are ready to seize this ship over this. You've turned this into one lousy day for me, Torres. Rest of the trip. Seventy five years. Or I could send you back to work with the understanding that you'll apologise to Not just a simple apology. A personal one, over a hot cup of pejuta. Bond with the man. You're going to need support from people like Carey. You are if you're going to be Chief Engineer of this ship. This is not another example of my twisted sense of humour. You're a better engineer than he is. She hasn't said a word, because I haven't told her yet. Captain's log, Stardate 48439.7. As we maintain a course back to the Alpha Quadrant, we're conducting what would normally be routine maintenance to the ship. Routine, that is, if we had access to a starbase.  [Briefing Room] Captain, if we relocate all security personnel to deck seven, we can shut down power on deck nine and reroute it to propulsion. I've made a list of several Maquis crew members who would make good officers. (Chakotay passes her his PADD.) That's right. Chief Engineer. Very. Perhaps we should assign somebody to train with the hologram as a field medic. Bridge to Torres. We need a way to get that ship out of there. Any ideas? A subspace tractor beam? When can you have it ready? Get right on it. Use as many people as you need. Captain, I appreciate your concerns about Torres, but I promise you Me? In what way? I've worked with her. I know what she's capable of. We needed an answer right away and I knew she could give us one. If you look at it that way, none of my people will ever have seniority. I'm doing everything I can to integrate them into your crew, but frankly, you're not making it easy for me, Captain. But some of them, like B'Elanna Torres have the ability. You're asking them to accept me. Permission to speak freely. I have no intention of being your token Maquis officer. B'Elanna Torres. She's the best engineer I've ever known. She could teach at the Academy. You're right, Captain. I do consider these my people because nobody else on this ship will look out for them like I will. And I'm telling you, you're going to have to give them more authority if you want their loyalty. I'm trying to help you. I'm sorry you don't see that. I strongly recommend you get to know Torres before you choose a new Chief Engineer. Permission to leave. What's going on? Are we abandoning the rescue attempt? It looks like we're running into more spatial distortions. Who will represent Engineering? You should invite B'Elanna Torres as well, unless you've removed her from consideration. B'Elanna, do you think you can work with Mister Carey to clean up that signal? That's your hail. Are you saying we're the ones trapped in the singularity? Hold our position! Mister Tuvok, report. Mister Paris, as soon as we've recovered the shuttlecraft, lay in a course toward the rupture and take us out. We're almost to the rupture. Mister Paris is about to impress us with his piloting skills. There they are. Your staff. First order of the day. The Captain wants the warp drive back online by thirteen hours. Then maybe you need to go break a few noses, or at least bend a few. Lieutenant. (Chakotay leaves.) Are you checking up on your new Chief Engineer? And? Can I ask you a question, off the record? If things had happened differently, and we were on the Maquis ship now instead of Voyager, would you have served under me? (They walk down the steps to main engineering.)
Density patterns on the surface show artificial waterways and a global aqueduct system. There is a civilisation down there, Captain. So it's possible that the Captain and Paris are existing only hours and minutes before the explosion occurs. How do we find them? Wide enough for the Captain and Paris to get through? Can't we re-initialise the generator and start again? How do we prevent one of us getting trapped in a fracture? Nice work. (Neelix and Kes enter.) We're getting ready to leave right now. There's nothing down there you want to see, Kes. What is it? I know. It's like walking through a graveyard. What have you found? The subspace beacon? Can we locate the source of the signal? Is there a subspace fracture anywhere in here? Set up the equipment.  [Room] Chakotay to Janeway. [Room] If it were me, I would have tried to get there. You think you can locate the flash-point? Let's go. [Outside the Power Plant] Do we have subspace fractures to work with here? Set up the equipment. If Kes is right, the Captain was here at the moment the explosion occurred. Is there anyway to break through subspace a few minutes before the detonation? Chakotay to Captain Janeway. (Janeway and Neelix enter.) We've identified an M-class planet in the red dwarf system we're approaching. Do you want to change course to investigate? Aye, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Lieutenant Torres has already asked permission to start modifications to the auxiliary impulse reactor. It could be converted into a crude dilithium refinery. Her arguments are quite convincing. She thinks it can be done safely. Ah. Mmm. Sounds delicious, but I've already had my vacuum-packed oatmeal this morning. Class M. It'll make mining a lot easier if we can go in there without environmental suits. Ensign Kim. (Neelix moves to join Chakotay and Kim.) Where are you going? It looks like there are several large deposits in this general vicinity. Let's split up and begin taking geological scans. Keep your comm. channels open at all times and don't wander too far. Stay within a fifty metre radius of this position. (The three take different tunnels. They don't notice their beam in site transform into a constructed tunnel with pipes along the wall, and a humanoid step into it.) Chakotay to Kim. I'm still picking up dilithium signatures but there are no dilithium formations here. Have you found anything yet? [Tunnel 2] Neelix. Stay within the search radius. I'll be with you in a minute. [Cavern] All right, I've had enough [Tunnel] Of this. Kim, Neelix, we're heading back to the ship. [Cavern] Neelix, what's wrong? Neelix! Kim! [Tunnel 2] I can't be certain, but I think he's going into shock. Chakotay to Voyager, medical emergency. Beam us directly to sickbay. [Sickbay] (Kim and Chakotay hold Neelix down on the biobed while the EMH scans him.) The what? By the time we got to him he was unconscious. The Doctor says whoever did this used some kind of transporter to beam the lungs directly out of his body. (Kes enters.) No. Up an alien ship leaving the planet. Aye Captain. [Sickbay] (Only Neelix's head is visible sticking out of the long metal tube over his body and bed.) Captain! The alien ship has dropped out of warp. It's approaching a large asteroid. Are you saying some one built this asteroid? Let's see it. Are there any indications we're being scanned or probed, Mister Kim? What the hell? He might have left a fake ion trail to lure us in here. It could lead us right into one of those walls. Well, maybe we should. Tuvok, what would happen if we reduced the phaser power level to a minimum setting and sent out a continuous beam. Until it encountered a non-reflective material, like the real alien ship. Exactly.
There was no need for you to come to the bridge, Captain. I just wanted to alert you to a nebula we've picked up on long range sensors. No way to go but up. There's a nuanka, a period of mourning, that everyone's going through. It's a natural reaction. We talk to animals. It's a Native American tradition. Our own counsellors. We're taught that an animal guide accompanies us through life. Basically, it's what Carl Jung thought he invented when he came up with his active imagination technique in 1932, but we've been doing pretty much the same thing for centuries. Actually, yes. Why do you say that? Thank you. The bear is a very powerful animal. It has great pokattah. But he's not my animal guide. The creature that guides us doesn't define who we are. It merely chooses to be with us. I can't tell you that. It would offend my animal guide if I spoke its name. Actually, it's a female. But yes, she usually guides me very well. It's not quite that simple. If you're interested, I'll be glad to teach you how to contact your animal guide. Whatever they are, they're passing right through our shields. Reversing shield polarity hasn't had any effect. We have a complement of thirty eight photon torpedoes at our disposal, Captain. Ready a photon. Repair crews have degaussed the hull, Captain. My medicine bundle. I've never showed it to anyone before. After what you said this morning, I thought it was important to let you see. Eventually you'll have to assemble your own medicine bundle, but this will allow me to assist you in your quest for a guide. A blackbird's wing. A stone from the river. An akoonah. My ancestors used psychoactive herbs to assist their vision quests. Now they're no longer necessary. Our scientists have found more modern ways to facilitate the search for animal guides. Place your hand on it and concentrate on the stone. A-koo-chee-moy-a. We are far from the sacred places of our grandfathers. We are far from the bones of our people. But perhaps there is one powerful being who will embrace this woman and give her the answers she seeks. Allow your eyes to close. Breath to fuel the light in your belly, and let it expand until the light is everywhere. Prepare yourself to leave this room and this ship, and return to a place where you were the most content and peaceful you have ever been. You can see all around you and hear the sounds of this place. {Beach] (A seabird calls.) B'Elanna's the only one I know who tried to kill her animal guide. The way the barrier was protecting the omicron particles almost suggests we were entering a vital organ. We're very busy up here, Neelix. What do you need? We found out that the nebula is actually a life form and we've got to go back in to repair some damage we did to it. Chakotay out. [Mess Hall] I believe the optical data network is down, Ensign. It seems to be leaving us alone now that we've cut off all propulsion systems. Maybe that's what cues it to respond. If I'm right, we might be able to get back without engaging any engines. We've been reading these swirling energy currents since we first got here. When we thought it was a nebula, we weren't looking for any pattern. We thought they were just random eddies. But now I'm wondering if these currents might be some kind of circulatory system. The life form's regeneration rate is up forty percent, Captain. Looks like it's well on the way to closing that wound. It's called a cue, Captain.
But is it stable enough for us to enter, and if it is, where does it lead? If that's a wormhole, it must be the smallest one on record. Any idea yet where that message would end up, Ensign? I'm reading transmission of the test signal. The probe has received it and relayed it. Even if someone receives our signal, it might take them some time to figure out how to return it. Why would he have broken off transmission? If he's engaged in some kind of secret research he might want to conceal that fact. Aye, Captain. [Doctor's office] (Janeway enters Sickbay. The place is deserted.) With pleasure, Captain. (Torres runs in.) If it's successful, we'd like to try transmitting a test cylinder to you. Energise. [Transporter Room] Kim and Torres have made more than twenty transports of the test cylinder, even though she's still having trouble with that phase variance. Every one of them has been successful. But this is 2371. I'm afraid that's not possible either. We've already had a huge impact on this quadrant. People and events here would be drastically affected.
We're scanning a Numiri vessel approaching. They're at combat readiness, Captain. Evasive pattern confirmed. Captain, if you don't mind, there's a Maquis trick we sometimes used to get out of situations like this. B'Elanna. Remember Teluridian Four? The two Starfleet runabouts? Cut all engines. Tuvok, lock phasers on their navigational deflectors. It worked against those Starfleet runabouts. Besides, out here in the Delta quadrant, every old trick is new again. That's our cue. Fire phasers. Engage impulse engines. I have more. Yourself? They're going straight for the shuttle, just as you said they would, Lieutenant. [Shuttlecraft] The shuttle's being released. The Numiri ship is withdrawing.
Aye, Captain. Mister Kim, would you like to join us? I'm picking up a large cavern in there. The readings are (Chakotay encounters a large cobweb.) What the hell is this? I want to see what's ahead. [Cavern] Captain, there are eighteen bodies here, all humanoid. Eleven male, seven female. From what we can tell they're in various stages of decomposition. Some have been here for years. [Bridge] But from the position of the arms, I'd say we're looking at some kind of burial site. [Bridge] However, Mister Kim has a different opinion. But whatever belief this race has, they clearly meant for their dead to be left alone and I think we should respect that. [Bridge] The sanctity of these bodies should be respected. I recommend we make visual observations only. No tricorders. [Bridge] All right. The only sensors you have left are your eyes. Concentrate on details. We're going to have to do a thorough report when we get back. I remember the first time I went on a tomb excavation on Ktaria Seven. I wanted to keep a memento of the experience, so I picked up a rock from the burial site. Only I found out later it wasn't just a rock. It was a sacred stone. The Ktarians lay thousands of them in the tomb. Each one represents a special prayer. Without realising it, I had desecrated that man's grave. Really? What have you learned about this culture so far? You're looking but you're not seeing. The fact that they're naked says a lot. It means this race doesn't believe in dressing the deceased. And the lack of artefacts could indicate they don't believe any worldly goods can be taken into the afterlife. Look at the position of the arms and hands. The bodies have been arranged in poses of serenity, and they appear to be wrapped in the same biopolymer residue we found out in the passageway, all indications that this culture has a great deal of ritual associated with disposing of the dead. That normally indicates some belief in the afterlife. Good point. However, some archaeological digs on the Klingon Homeworld (There is a sound like a wind, then a light appears above them.) Tricorders! Chakotay to Voyager. Emergency beam-out. Acknowledged. Energise! [Bridge] This body might have come out of the vacuole at the same time Kim was taken in. We can't interfere with this woman's natural process of death. Beam us directly to Sickbay. So the other biopolymer fibres we found in the cavern were We've completed our analysis of the ring system. Our sensors have detected over two hundred thousand alien bodies on various asteroids in the rings. From what we can tell, a subspace vacuole appears about every two hours, deposits a body and then disappears. We could send Ptera through the subspace transponder and hope the signal will penetrate the dimensional barrier and allow us to lock on to Kim with the transporter beam. Aye, Captain. Captain's log, supplemental. We've returned to the ring system, and we're preparing to send Ptera back to her dimension. Lieutenant Torres has found a way to temporarily protect the warp core against the vacuoles but she is uncertain how long her measures will be effective. [Transporter room] Okay, let's see if your dampening field is going to protect the warp core. Engineering to Transporter Room three. [Transporter room] Chakotay to Transporter Room Three. Lock onto the body on deck fifteen and transport it to one of the asteroids. Captain, I'm picking up a vacuole forming on deck twelve. It deposited a human body. But it's dead.
The subspace distress signal is coming from a vessel bearing one two five mark two one. Distance two hundred thousand kilometres. And the possibility exists that we could reconfigure the matrix at that point to take us another thirty thousand light years, right into Federation space. I know of many times when Starfleet personnel have decided on strong ethical grounds to ignore it. Maybe they want something. Maybe they'll bargain. What do you think, Captain? Would they be interested? Aye, Captain. (Tuvok and Janeway talk quietly in a corner.) Captain, it'll take hours to get everyone up. We've got crewmembers scattered throughout both hemispheres. Mister Tuvok is on the surface now, Captain. He says the remaining away teams should be on board in fifteen minutes. Aye, Captain. As soon as the last of the crew gets back, we'll be ready to leave.
I think we get the picture. What is it? You expect us to eat this? I'd find the second best source acceptable if it tasted better. Nothing but bloodworms. Neelix wants to bring some back for a tartar [Bridge] Chakotay out. All units, report to transport site A immediately. [Bridge] Captain. Transporter Room, get ready to begin on my command. Chakotay to Seska. Transporter room, can you locate Ensign Seska's comm. badge signal? If she went inside one, it might be blocking her comm. badge signal. The rest of you get back to the ship. I'm going to look for her. [Cave] (Chakotay hides when he hears voices from deep inside the cave. A pair of Kazon walk past, and Chakotay heads further in. Seska points a phaser at him.) What are you doing here? I appreciate the thought, but we've got to get out of here. (Kazons start shooting at them. Chakotay is hit. Seska deals with their attackers then helps Chakotay out of the cave.) Captain's log, stardate 48658.2. We successfully left orbit without further interference from the Kazon. Commander Chakotay was injured, but is recovering from his wounds. [Chakotay's quarters] Come in. (Seska enters, carrying a covered dish.) Yeah. What have you got there? You got Neelix to make some mushroom soup! So how did you? Mm hmm. You looted the food reserves? I can't believe you did this. Thanks for including me in a criminal conspiracy. Does he know about this yet? Go ahead, Neelix. I know. I promise you, everyone involved will be disciplined. Thank you. I'll handle that. Chakotay out. Replicator privileges revoked for two days. Everyone, including me. Then I'll personally put them in the brig. That's not the point. No one, but we agreed a long time ago this wouldn't work. I'm showing high levels of nucleonic radiation. It seems to be isolated in that area. Away team to Voyager. We've got a single male Kazon alive on the bridge. Transport him directly to Sickbay. The crew members closest to the explosion were virtually melded with huge pieces of metal fragments. He was luckier than the others. It looked like they were trying to install some new technology that detonated. A console on the bridge was the source of the explosion. We're not sure what its function was, and it's going to be hard to get to. Not with those levels of nucleonic radiation. The transporter beam would disperse the moment it hit the irradiated cabin. Were there any other reports of missing starships? A dozen people. We were scattered all over the area. Seska almost killed me because she thought I was Kazon. She wouldn't do something like this. No. I want Ensign Seska to coordinate the operation from our bridge. What? I disagree. We need someone up there who There's some concern about you. Concern because I found you near the Kazon on the planet. I don't believe that. I'm trying to take you out of harm's way to protect you. You don't assign someone you don't trust to the Bridge. Look, I'm sorry, but if something goes wrong over there, I don't want you anywhere near it. And whoever it was, was an expert at covering their tracks. Only the whole engineering crew. It's like working backwards through a maze of circuits. We keep bumping into dead ends. What the hell do you think you're doing? I want you back on this ship, and I mean now. [Kazon ship] She's gone back to the Kazon ship to prove herself to us. Can't you see that? Chakotay to Seska. Seska, respond! Get her out of there! Send her to Sickbay. How have things been going for you in Engineering? You getting along all right with Lieutenant Torres? You were out of contact for almost an hour on the planet where we encountered the Kazon. Did you see anyone else at your station? He had the motive and the opportunity. So have I. [Bridge] You're making me to believe she's a Cardassian agent who infiltrated the Maquis? This is crazy. This is just impossible. If you don't mind, I'd like to hear her explanation before we dismiss it. Has she been told? I'd like to be the one who questions her. You were working for her. Seska was working for them. Was anyone on board that ship working for me? [Bridge] We've recovered the console. It's a replicator, constructed with materials from Voyager. Did you? To be honest, I'm not sure anymore. I'm not sure of a lot of things. I plan to. You know, it's funny. I've been thinking about what's been real and what's not been real. What would you say I owe to a Cardassian who infiltrated my crew? Isn't that why you never got around to a blood analysis when we came on board? Turns out your blood is missing all the common Bajoran blood factors. Orkett's disease. I'm starting to wonder. I want to. Let's not rush things. You're going to have to stay confined, at least until we find out exactly where the replicator components were taken from. There might be evidence of who took them. Chief Inspector Tuvok leaves no stone unturned. I'll tell the Captain what you told me. Somehow we'll try to clear this up soon. [Corridor] She said a Cardassian bone marrow transplant saved her life as a child. Now all we can do is wait and hope someone takes the bait. [Engineering] (Night shift.) I never knew Vulcans had such a talent for cards. If you ever need a sponsor in a gin tournament, let me know. That's sounds like a nibble to me. Should we start the trace now? Which would suggest they're hiding it. But not very well. I do. It's Seska's. It's over. We know who gave the technology to the Kazon. You did. We found the evidence you put there for us to find. Your own security code. We already knew where the stolen materials had been taken from before I met with you. We were monitoring the inventory manifest, hoping either you or Carey would try to cover your tracks. That's exactly what you did. You knew no one would believe you could be that careless. You wanted us to believe that someone else was trying to frame you. We traced the computer station used to enter the data. Oh, you took us all around the system and back again before we could locate the source, but it was this station, in Sickbay. (The lights come up. Janeway and Tuvok enter with two Security guards.) I'd almost say it was a Maquis operation, if I didn't already know you were a Cardassian. Computer, activate Emergency Holographic Medical Programme. Before you even mentioned Orkett's disease to me, the Doctor had already discounted that as a possible explanation for your blood anomalies. But that didn't necessarily make you the traitor we were looking for. We needed more evidence, and you gave it to us. The one thing I still can't understand is why? Computer, override transport in progress. Can I ask you to be honest with me, Lieutenant? That's not exactly true. You lied to me when you passed yourself off as a Maquis to get on my crew. You damned Vulcans and your defined parameters. That's easy for you. I'd just like to know, from someone else who pulled the wool over my eyes, was I particularly naive? Was I not paying enough attention? What the hell was it that let all you spies get by me? Did you ever see anything about Seska that make you suspicious? Well, that makes me feel a little better. Thanks. What? Misery loves company, Tuvok. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
His last shift ended four hours ago, and he was scheduled for time on holodeck two when he went off duty. No one has seen him since. Can you shut it down? All right, let's go in. [Holodeck - Forest] (Night time. Frogs are calling.) Computer, identify programme. An ancient English epic, set in sixth century Denmark, if I remember correctly. It's about a hero named Beowulf who fights a creature that's terrorising a kingdom and murdering its subjects. Monsters and swordplay. That sort of thing. I can't determine the source. (A spear flies past and stick into a tree.) The holodeck command systems must not be functioning either. Yes. We are Beowulf's kinsmen. My name is Chakotay and this is Tuvok. Have you seen Beowulf? This is Harry's holonovel. It'd make sense that he'd be playing the hero. She might be able to help us figure out what happened to him. Yes. But first we'd like to know more about how Beowulf died. Could you tell us exactly what happened to him? That's the monster who's been attacking you. Did anyone actually see the battle? Then I think we'd like to see this Grendel for ourselves. Chakotay to Janeway.  [Bridge] (Paris and Torres are at the rear science stations.) No. If we shut down the programme, we'd know if he's here or not.  [Bridge] Every culture has its demons. They embody the darkest emotions of its people. Giving them physical form in heroic literature is a way of exploring those feelings. The Vok'sha of Rakella Prime believe that hate is a beast which lives inside the stomach. Their greatest mythical hero is a man who ate stones for twenty three days to kill the beast and became a saint. That might account for its popularity. Chakotay here. You're saying he might have been converted into energy?  [Bridge] Something's coming. I think Grendel may be paying us a visit.
Yes. I'm a little dizzy, but I think I'm all here. After the attack on the shuttle, I had the sensation of floating above my own body. I thought I was dead. Yes. I couldn't speak, I couldn't touch anything. But then I found if I concentrated on someone who was in the room with me, I could share their consciousness. At first I could only do little things with the host's body. Push buttons, work a console. As time went on, it became easier to do more. I'm sorry I had to knock you around, Tuvok. To be honest, I feel like I never left. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
The away team hasn't arrived at the pre-arranged coordinates, Captain, and they've failed to respond to our hails. In any case, it's possible that Torres and the others haven't returned to the beam-out site because they were trapped by these geological shifts. I'd like to lead a team down to investigate, Captain. Aye Captain. Tuvok, Kim, you're with me. [Laboratory] (The Klingon woman is firmly strapped down.) Good work. According to my tricorder readings they definitely came this way. The question is, where did they go from here? (Something squawks and flaps overhead.) What is it. What is? If these caves were changing configuration while we were here, we certainly would have felt it. Away team to Voyager. We've run into some type of force field, Captain. [Bridge] Right into a solid wall of rock. Aye, Captain. Acknowledged. (Chakotay fires his phaser at the rock wall.) It's not working, Captain. Three to beam up! [Laboratory] (Klingon B'Elanna is testing the strength of the restraints. She breaks one as Sulan enters.) The other thing we have to consider is that the prisoners may be at greater risk now. But if we could get someone inside, we might be able to find our people, and also deactivate the forcefield. I have an idea about that, Captain. [Sickbay] It's a fine piece of work, Mister Tuvok. Next time I need a tailor, I'll know just where to look. [Tunnels] (The prisoners are carrying rocks around.) Whatever you say, Paris, but I thought you might like to get out of this place. Where are Torres and Durst? I was ordered to take him to organ processing. I was told you had been. My face was just grafted. Yes, sir. [Laboratory] Drop it! It's Chakotay! {OC} Chakotay to Voyager, do you read? I've found them, Captain. (Sulan takes a weapon from behind his back and points it at Torres.) Three humans and one Klingon to beam up. [Transporter room] How are you doing? But? I'd have to say that you two made quite a team down there.
Haarkonian? Any idea what the Haarkonians want with you now? That's a significant detour, Captain. JANEWAY [OC] I'm aware of that, Commander. [Ready room] Not yet, Captain.
Power fluctuations on deck six, Captain. Mister Tuvok is investigating. It might be possible to switch over some systems to conventional isolinear circuits. Dalby's always been pretty aggressive. My guess is the man's frustrated. He's not used to dealing with Starfleet protocol and procedures. What do you suggest? Dragging him in front of a disciplinary board? A crash course in Starfleet operations. Field training. Right. Don't worry, Tuvok. I'll tell them to take it easy on you. [Cargo bay] You want to give me your version of what happened? I see. Really? And you want to do things the Maquis way? That's the Maquis way too, isn't it? And if you want to keep doing it the Maquis was that's fine with me. We can do that tomorrow, the next day, everyday, until you report to Lieutenant Tuvok. You understand me? What? How does a Starfleet crewman answer a question? Does anyone else have a problem. [Cargo bay] (Tuvok hands out small PADDs.) What about changing over to isolinear circuitry? Engines are only at seventy four percent of maximum. That's not enough for a plasma burst. Engines are at seventy nine percent of maximum. I think we can risk it. Come in, doctor.
Stop! Doctor, don't do it! Doctor, don't listen to him. He's lying. Step away from the warp core, Doctor, don't do anything that man tells you. You're in danger if you do. None of this is real. That's right. But it's not the simulation you think it is. Everything around you is part of a holographic projection that's being created by your programme. You're on the holodeck on Voyager. The Captain suggested you take a day off, try a holonovel, so you did. But while you were running the holonovel, there was a kinoplasmic radiation surge in the imaging system. It created a feedback loop between the holodeck computer and your programme. All of this, including Mister Barclay, is a holographic simulation generated by your codes, subroutines and memory circuits. I'm a projection. I'm really at the holographic control station in Engineering. You're trapped on the holodeck. We've been monitoring the programme from here and we've been trying to reach you for hours. That's because your memory circuits are being eradicated by the feedback loop. We have to get you off the holodeck, transfer you back to Sickbay. That's not true, Doctor. Because of the feedback loop, if you destroy the simulation, you will be destroyed as well. If you shut down this simulation your programme will be wiped out right along with it. There'll be no way to retrieve the lost data. You'll be gone. (The EMH gets another headache.) What you're perceiving as pain is really the feedback loop eradicating your memory circuits. Don't do anything. We're working on the problem right now. We're close to a solution. Doctor, trust me. This is all a holographic delusion drawn from people and experiences in your own memory circuits. You are malfunctioning. If you listen to her, you'll end up destroying yourself. This isn't about what you want. This is about what you are. Just because you're made of projected light and energy doesn't mean you're any less real than someone made of flesh and blood. It doesn't matter what you're made of. What matters is who you are. You're our friend, and we want you back. Doctor, we're close to getting you out of here. Try to hold on! (Kes caresses the EMH.) That's right. We encountered a subspace anomaly and there was a radiation surge in the computer system. Your wife?
A-koo-chee-moya. I pray on this day of memories to speak to my father, the one whom the wind called Kolopak. Though I am far from his bones, perhaps there is a spirit in these unnamed skies who will find him and honour him with my song. A-koo-chee-moya. [Kazon bridge] (The shuttlecraft is on the viewscreen.) Computer, report. Source? Computer, open a channel to the Kazon vessel. This is Commander Chakotay of the Federation Starship Voyager. Why have you fired on me? I wasn't aware of that. I have no hostile intentions. Power down your weapons and I'll leave. Look, son, my starship is only a few light years away. Chakotay to Kazon vessel. Listen carefully. I do not want a fight. Stand down or I'll be forced to return fire. (Bang! Chakotay looks the look and comes in behind the little craft.) Chakotay to Kazon vessel. I've established a direct weapons lock on your engine core. This is my final warning. If you don't stand down, I will destroy your ship. (Kar fires aft photon torpedoes.) All right, if that's the way you want to play it. (Chakotay fires phasers and destroys the Kazon engines, as promised.) Chakotay to Kazon vessel. Do you read me? Computer, are there any life signs inside the Kazon vessel? Kazon ship, your engine core is critical. You have less than thirty seconds to evacuate. Do you read me? If you have an escape pod, you must eject now. Computer, establish a transporter lock on the lifeform. Prepare to beam him aboard. Energise. (Unconscious Kar is beamed aboard. His ship goes KaBOOM!) Chakotay to Voyager. Chakotay to Voyager. Computer, damage report. Great! Welcome aboard. [Ready room] (Voyager is orbiting a planet. Neelix brings a dish of food to Janeway.) You're welcome. It's a human expression. You thank me for saving your life, I say, you're welcome. I accept your surrender. Look, I promise you, as soon as we get back to Voyager, we'll find a Kazon ship and hand you over to them. I'm not in the habit of killing children. What's your name, son? Your name. I want to let them know you're on board. Computer, open a channel. Kazon vessel, I have a young man on board you might know. He goes by the name of Kar. I'd say he's about thirteen. I'd like to arrange for his transfer before I return to my ship. Computer, confirm channel is open. Talk to them. Tell them you're okay. Full reverse. They're pulling us in. Why are you so eager for me to kill you? Look. If you check your long-range sensors, you'll find a big ship out there. It's called Voyager, and by now it's on its way to find me. I have a fair idea why I'm here, but why are they doing this to you? Who's Razik? You tell this Razik that Federation Commander Chakotay demands to see him. Razik is obviously your leader. I'm hoping if he's strong enough to be in command, he's wise enough to listen to reason. (Kar shows Chakotay a piece of metal on display.) I'm not at war with you. We're not familiar with this part of space. If I'd seen a map identifying this as Kazon-Ogla territory, I wouldn't have been anywhere near it. I guess if he had killed me, my uniform would've made you all a fine trophy. Uniforms maybe, but not like mine. You get them involved young, Haliz. So they brought you here to see your first human. Take a good look. You won't see any hate in my eyes. I'm a gentle man from a gentle people who wish you no harm. I know you'd like them to hate me, Razik, but I want their first impression of humans to be a good one. What for? You want me to kill a child in front of other children? What would it accomplish? If I refuse? (No answer. The weapon drops to the floor. Chakotay bends to pick it up, attacks Razik and gets him on his knees with arms pinned behind his back. He holds the weapon to the leader's head.) I'll be needing my shuttle back. That's a chance I'm willing to take. What about you? Want to come? There doesn't seem to be much of a future for you here. Don't worry, he's only stunned. (Boom!) It didn't take them long to get those weapons back online, did it? Computer, prepare to go to warp. You're the boss. Initiate evasive pattern theta two. Full impulse. It may mean something to you to die a violent death, but I'd like to get out of this without killing or being killed. Sounds about right. Computer, damage report. We're not going to make it like this. Computer, scan for an M-class atmosphere. Anybody training there now? Computer, lay in a course to the moon. Evasive pattern omega one. Maximum impulse. (The Kazon keep shooting at them.) Computer, prepare for long-range transport. Two to beam to the surface. Kar. The computer said that transport wasn't recommended. It didn't say it was impossible. With any luck, Razik will think we didn't survive the explosion. Then maybe you'll get your name for dying in battle. Yes, you're stranded here with me, and I'm stranded here with you, because for some reason that escapes me at the moment, I keep saving your life. Now, if you want to hate me for that, fine. But I'd really appreciate it if you kept it to yourself. To yourself! First thing we've got to do is find some shelter and get out of this heat. Any suggestions? (Kar points.) I think we're finally beginning to understand each other. What did I just say? What the hell was that? Charming. So I guess you know your way around. Well, it looks like you just saved my life. Twice more and we'll be even. [Briefing room]  I'm setting my tricorder to emit a homing signal. So when my people show up, they'll know where to look for me. They're very persistent. I'm betting they haven't given up on me. You just won't give up, will you? Not Federation. Chakotay. That's my name. No, not exactly. My name was a gift from my tribe. I cherish it every day of my life, just as I cherish the Federation uniform. Your name, my uniform. Not much difference. We both have to earn them. Study. Years of study. Learning about science and ships and navigation. No. They prepared us to defend ourselves in battle. They prepared us very well. And we had to pass many difficult tests before we were given the right to wear the uniform. Why? What's so different about us, aside from the fact that I keep saving your life and you keep threatening to kill me? Let me tell you something. I have no interest in your territory or anybody else's. My people taught me a man does not own land. He doesn't own anything but the courage and loyalty in his heart. That's where my power comes from. I think we both could use some sleep, don't you? (Later, Chakotay is sleeping when Kar picks up the tricorder and turns it off. Then he points the weapon at Chakotay, but he can't pull the trigger and throws it away. He opens the tricorder again and sits down.) [Bridge] (Neelix is getting comfy in Chakotay's seat.) Good morning. How did you sleep? Really? You seemed a little restless to me. All that skulking around, throwing things. You think I'm going to get much sleep around an Ogla warrior who's threatened to kill me? Why didn't you go through with it? I don't believe that. I don't believe you do either. I think maybe you're beginning to realise I'm not your enemy, and only a fool would kill a friend. Would any other Kazon sect accept you? How many Kazon sects are there? I guess you could come with us. You wouldn't have to wear a uniform. Tell me about the other uniforms, the ones the Kazon fought. People coming this way, humans and Kazon. There's only one way back to the Ogla for you, and that's if you earn your name. So I guess that's what you'll have to do. You're going to have to kill me. [Tarok] According to my readings, the away team's only fifty metres away. And alert Sickbay to prepare for a code white resuscitation. [Bridge] I don't have time to explain now. [Bridge] It'll be all right. Our technology can revive me even if I'm brain dead for two minutes. Like you said, it's my fault you don't have your name. I can't leave you behind like this. [Tarok] I understand. A-koo-chee-moya. I pray on this day of memories to speak to my father, the one whom the wind called Kolopak. Father, if you can hear me among these unnamed stars, I ask you to continue to watch over me as you've always done. I ask you also to watch over a boy called Karden, who has a difficult path to travel. A-koo-chee-moya. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Tuvok, can you boost the transporter signal? Aye, Captain. We think your shuttlecraft was caught in some kind of temporal anomaly. Yes, you could call it that.
Good news and bad. We have located an M class planet, and it shows high amino acid and protein readings. It's a full day out of our way. And our long range sensors can't confirm any plant life on the surface. It's one strange planet, Captain. It's shrouded. Vapours cover it like a curtain. EM disturbances all over the atmosphere. The people in Stellar Cartography have already nicknamed it Planet Hell. Captain, I don't know what we'll find when we get to the surface. Flora or fauna, friend or foe. High levels of trigemic vapours, but it should still support humanoid life. Could you provide some sort of skin protection that might help? I'll have Mister Kim take a look. [Mess hall] How occasional, and how long would they last? Bridge to Torres. B'Elanna, our shuttle's in trouble. Any progress on modifying the transporter? [Transporter room] Or something on it. [Cave] (Neelix and Paris go further into the cave complex.) Where does that leave us with the transporter? So there's no way to know how close they'll be to the window when it opens. Are you going to be able to warn us before the window closes again? A covariant phaser pulse into their aft control systems might disable their entire weapons array. Shields at eighty percent. They couldn't be preparing to ram us, could they? Understood. Aye, Captain. [Outside the cave] (Paris scratches while Neelix paces.)
Aye, Captain. I know he's been doing research. I'll check with him. Good idea. Yes. Of course. Captain, you've trained your crew well. We'll be able to do without you for a few days. In the meantime, we're continuing diagnostics on all ship's systems. There's a reason for what's happening to you, and we're not stopping until we find it. Call me if there's anything I can do. Yes, ma'am. (Chakotay leaves.) That must be our welcoming party. On screen. She's not available right now. I'm Commander Chakotay, the First Officer. I can speak for her. I understand, but she's not able to come to the Bridge now. And in her absence, our protocols allow me to assume her place. Our request is the same. We'd like permission to cross through your space. We'll do it as quickly as possible. I'm not sure why that information is necessary. I don't know how to convince you, but we're a peaceful people. If you doubt us (The viewscreen image dissolves in static.) What happened? Reverse course, Mister Paris. Evasive manoeuvre gamma five. (Bang!) Report! Get the weapons online. Return fire. There's no crew? Return fire, Tuvok. Get us out of here, Paris. All stop. On screen.  How's it going down here? It's the same all over the ship. On my way here, I must have seen fifty people just sitting, staring. I think we should take an escape pod. We passed an M Class planet yesterday. The pod should get us there in a week. We can try to get help. It may be our only hope. If we stay here, we'll end up like the others. Do I have to give you an order? I want you with me. I'm the Chakotay you want me to be. The one who loves you. This is what you want, isn't it? The secret you've been keeping? You want us to be together. (he kisses her) And we can be. [Torres' quarters] (Chakotay throws Torres down on the bed.) I want you. I've always wanted you. You feel the same way too.
Anything? (to Torres) Pack it up. We'll find better quality somewhere down the line. What have you got, Lieutenant?  Maybe it's a blessing to the land, for damaging it with the campfire. Oh, just something somebody told me once. [Sickbay] (Mother to be Ensign Wildman is lying on her side on a biobed.) I hated every minute of it. My father had dragged me all the way from our colony near the Cardassian border on this quest of his. Away from my friends, my home, and here we were in the middle of a brutal Central American jungle looking for the descendants of the ancient Rubber People. Believe me, it was. And he was very disappointed that I didn't share his enthusiasm. He'd been tracking down the origins of our tribe for years. (Chakotay calls up two images on a wall monitor.) The one on the right is the one I found today. I can give you an official Rubber Tree People theory if you like. Sky Spirits. It's an ancient myth. Sky Spirits from above created the first Rubber People in their own image and led the way to a sacred land where the Rubber People would live for eternity. How much faith do you put in Adam and Eve? Hasn't science proved that all humans developed from a single evolutionary process? I don't know that it's fair for me to put my own personal curiosity ahead of the ship's priorities. My father would put on his expedition hat and shout, let's go. I guess that's good enough for me. [Bridge] (In orbit of a planet.) Could be some kind of cloaking technology. Understood. Tuvok, you're with me. Mister Neelix, please report to Transporter room three for an away mission. Problem? Storm? Fine. We'll take a shuttle. [Shuttlecraft] Nothing we can't handle. Relax, Neelix. [Memory - Central American jungle] (It is pouring with rain. The expedition are sheltering in a cave.) Decreasing speed to seven hundred twenty kph. Entering terminal approach phase. Touchdown site scanned. Continuing descent. (Chakotay briefly sees a face in the storm clouds.) [Doctor's office] Then I guess we'll have to search for these people the old fashioned way, with our eyes and ears. No. It just reminds me of another jungle that I visited once. The Central American rain forest on Earth. It's the only other place in the universe that I've ever seen this flower. I hereby designate the two of you the team's botanical surveyors. Collect a sample of that flower. B'Elanna? Have Ensign Kim run an analysis from the ship. We should be able to. (A bird of prey flies overhead.) I'll be damned. It almost looks like a hawk, doesn't it? [Memory - Central American jungle] (A hawk flies overhead.) Go ahead, Neelix. Neelix, what the? Away team to Voyager. Emergency beam out. Get Neelix to Sickbay.  Everything we've found here suggests the people who live in this village left recently and in a hurry. We can't discount that. [Bridge]  With warp technology, they wouldn't be living like this. Captain. [Bridge] CHAKOTAY  Tuvok hasn't detected any telepathic activity either. [Bridge]  I think we'll press on for a while. If there are any other problems, I'll let you know. Chakotay out. They're out there. Our tricorders may not tell us so, but they're out there. Lay down your weapons. Disarm. I want them to see that we don't pose any threat to them. I know all about Starfleet protocol, Lieutenant. The logical course isn't always the right course. Lay down your weapons in plain sight. Those are my orders. Negative. We'll show no force of any kind. Noted. [Memory - Central American village] (Kolopak's party lay down their weapons.) All right. Let's get back to the shuttle. [Jungle] (Chakotay gets separated from Torres and Tuvok, then sees a young man running through the trees.) Hey, wait! (A large tree falls, pinning him to the ground.) No shuttle. Well, at least they got out okay. [Clearing]  You have nothing to fear from me. Talk to me. Let me see you. (He walks into the structure and starts to take off his clothes.) [Memory - Central American village] (The villages help their visitors take off their clothes.) You have nothing to fear from me. Talk to me. Let me see you. (There is a garment nearby. He puts it on.) [Transporter room]  If you can hear me, speak to me. (A light shines on Chakotay, and a voice speaks in Rubber People language.) I'm sorry. I don't know the ancient language of my people. I can't understand. (Beings enter behind him, still talking. Chakotay remembers the symbol his father drew in the soil, and its name.) Chamozi. (The leader speaks to him.) Chamozi. (The leader turns Chakotay's face to look at his tattoo. The same mark is on his forehead, too.) [Bridge] Yes. I wear it to honour my father. He wore it to honour his ancestors. Yes. Yes. Not many, but some. There was a time when that was true, but no longer. Inheritors? I'm not sure I understand. My people called you the Sky Spirits. Why have you been hiding from us since we landed here? Our message was supposed to communicate peaceful intentions. As I said, we've tried to change our ways since the last time you stopped by. [Bridge]  My ship will be coming for me soon. You were generous to offer as much as you did. I wish I could see my father's face right now. No. He died fighting enemies who would have taken our home colony. Our tribe moved there a few hundred years ago. Yes. Yes, he did. We weren't on very good terms when he died. Once he was gone, I didn't know how to reconcile our differences, how to heal our old wounds. I returned to my colony and continued the fight in his name. I took the mark that he wore to honour his ancestors. I spoke to him in my vision quests, but he never answered. Until now. (The alien kneels down and starts drawing in the soil.) Put those away. (Chakotay and the alien embrace, then a hawk flies over head, calling.) Yes, Father. I hear him. I finally hear him.
Chakotay to Engineering. We're picking up life signs. Is your compass working? That looks a lot like the Caretaker's array. Shields! (Energy pulses, like the ones the Caretaker used to power the Ocampa's underground habitat, fire at Voyager. Boom!) Definitely weapons. Kes, is there any Ocampa history about people who left your planet, or were captured by aliens and taken away? None of that is true. We never attacked anyone except in self defence. Does she occupy our space-time continuum? What's going on? Red alert. Bridge to Janeway. Bridge to Janeway. Increase power to structural reinforcement.
Whatever she wants us for, it better be good. Bridge. I had you right where I wanted you. I was just lulling you into a false sense of security. I'll win the next couple of points, then you'll start to tense up. Easy, B'Elanna. It's only hoverball. [Bridge]  You wanted to see us, Captain? A beacon? See if you can authenticate the signal. I'd advise against bringing it on board before we've gotten a look at it, even if it is emitting a Federation signal. I don't know. Set the shield harmonics to rotate continuously. It's as if they know our access codes. Mister Kim, did you reroute power to Transporter room two? Bridge to Tuvok. [Cargo bay] Aye, Captain. Engaging tractor beam. I've got them, Captain. I should have known you were involved. Attempting to compensate. From the look of these sensor readings, Seska wants us to come after her. I think Seska's leading us into another trap. She masterminded a precision raid that made us look like first year Academy students, but she left a warp trail for us to follow. After such a flawless performance, why would she suddenly made that kind of mistake? No, I agree with everything you said about preventing the spread of our technology. But conventional tactics aren't going to work with Seska. We'll need to come at her with a few surprises of our own. I'm betting Seska's figured out a way to shield the module from our transporters. We might have to destroy it instead. We borrow a trick from Seska's book. Remember how we disabled the computer core on the Cardassian frigate orbiting Bajor? Exactly. One thing at a time. Why shouldn't I? Oh no? I let her join the Maquis. I took her into my confidence. I even got intimately involved with her. Well, I for one, am through being manipulated by her. So now I'm getting advice about controlling my emotions from you. [Kazon briefing room] Computer, when will we intercept the Kazon vessel?  Computer, when will we enter the Kazon vessel scanner range? Reduce power to maneuvering thrusters, and life support to five percent. Cut all power to other systems. [Kazon bridge] Computer, initiate continuous scans for the transporter oscillator.  Come on, Seska. Where did you hide that module? (Flashes of green light fill the shuttlecraft.) [Kazon bridge]  Come on, find it!  Gotcha! (boom) Computer, power the anti-proton generator. Target a concentrated beam to these coordinates. Initiate. Great. Computer, launch the automated message beacon. Now take the inertial dampers offline. [Kazon bridge] I'm right here. (Chakotay phasers the transporter unit, then uses his comm. badge.) Activate the message beacon. Lovely to see you again. (He surrenders his phaser to Seska.) [Bridge] To Voyager. If this signal has been activated, it means that I have destroyed the Nistrim's transporter capabilities. Captain, I apologise for acting without authorisation, but I ask you not to put the ship or crew in further jeopardy by attempting to rescue me. It's unlikely that I'm still alive. Chakotay to Voyager. If this signal has been activated [Kazon ship] (Chakotay is dragged into a small room and has his hands fastened behind his back. He has a nasty cut on his forehead.) I see the Nistrim take orders from you now. Lucky me. No, thanks. I have no interest in reminiscing with you. I destroyed the transporter module. The game's over. I think you'll find that technology useless. I wiped the computer core before I transported. So if you're going to have me killed, just do it. You can't possibly believe that you and I could still If you think I'm going to give you those codes, you don't know me as well as you think you do. Why are you telling me this? I'm touched. Voyager's not coming. I left them explicit instructions not to follow me, so you can stop worrying about people getting hurt. She's quite a woman, isn't she? Does she rub your shoulders and tell you you're the most exciting man she's ever known? That's what she used to do for me. What's a matter? Didn't she tell you about us? Flattery, devotion, sex. I always thought she had a lot to offer a man. You're wrong, Culluh. I'm telling you exactly what you need to know. She's using you. You've done an even better job on him than you did on me. Then what's she doing here? Watching you work? She used to like to watch me work, too. You know one thing I especially liked? The little mole on her stomach. I guess you've seen it. I'll give you something better. First hand information. When Seska's through with you, she's going to kill you. About keeping our technology out of Kazon hands. I thought if I did it on my own, I could keep the rest of the crew out of danger. Seska was my problem, a problem I felt it was my duty to solve. I thought I was doing the right thing. If that's so, I regret it. It means something to me, Captain. It means I've let you down, and for that I'm truly sorry. No. I think I've spent enough time alone with Seska.
Not yet. How bad is it? Options? I don't want to leave the ship defenceless this close to a hostile planet. All right, power down the shields. Yes, Neelix. Did you get the tellerium? Then we need you here. Prepare to beam directly to Engineering. Chakotay to away team. Captain, can you hear me? Tuvok, Torres, please respond. Begin rerouting power back to all key systems. What happened down there? Are you sure it was the Mokra? Any idea how the Mokra knew you were down there? Could your contact be one of them? They've probably got the resistance movement under surveillance. Good work, Mister Kim. Mister Neelix, you're with me. I think it's time we contacted the Mokra. [Bridge] Mister Paris, set a new course. Bring us out from behind the moon and establish a standard orbit around the planet. Slowly. We don't want to look aggressive. What kind of response can we expect when they see us? On screen. Commander Chakotay of the Federation starship Voyager. No. Some of my crewmembers have already been to the surface. We've lost contact with them. I have reason to believe they're being detained. Thank you. If there's any chance for a diplomatic solution, we have to pursue it. In the meantime, I want continuous scans of the surface. Standard search pattern. [Detention cell] (Torres is examining the yellow glowing barrier around the doorway.) I assure you we have no hostile intentions. But not you. Then I'd like to talk to my crewmembers. I'll consider that, after I talk to my crewmembers. Talk to your contacts again. I want an alternative to sitting here waiting for him to get back to us. [Detention cell] Can you find a way to beam through them? The Mokra aren't familiar with transporter technology. Too dangerous. We can't risk beaming in. We have to find another way that the Mokra won't detect. Sounds like a challenge for you, Mister Kim. [Market place] So much for a surprise attack. And they won't know where to concentrate their defences. Then it'll have to do. How long will it take to modify the deflector? Chakotay to Paris. Is the rescue team ready? Prepare for transport. Initiate the radion beams. Begin the transport. Maximum shields. Damage report. On screen. Give me some good news, Mister Kim. That qualifies. Good work. Can we get through? That's a big assumption. In about thirty seconds the Mokra are going to open fire. I don't know how long we're going to be able to wait for you. Full power to the shields. (Boom!) Modulate the shield frequencies. Try to throw off their sensors. Redirect all warp power to the shields. We've got to get out of their weapons range. Scan one more time for the away team. Prepare to break orbit. Where are you taking us, Mister Kim? A blind spot? How long do you thing this'll work. I'll take every second I can get. [Prison complex] Chakotay to transporter room two. Do we have them? Gladly. Lieutenant, you heard her. [Ready room]
Captain, someone's initiating a transport. It's Torres and the robot. Their shielding is making it difficult to get clear readings. I can't even tell you what their weapons capabilities are. They're firing some kind of quantum resonance charges, Captain. We've got to get out of here. Injury reports from all decks. [Pralor vessel] We're losing life support, Captain. We're talking about at least another six days of repairs. But if we can manoeuvre inside the field Attack them again? You don't mind if the rest of us give you a little help, do you, Paris? I'd hate to lose another shuttle. We're making progress on the dilithium matrix. It should be stable enough to reinitialise the warp core in about six hours. When we were in the Maquis, B'Elanna once linked a holo-emitter to a deflector array and projected an image of another ship into space. We will by the time the warp core's online. I already have Kim working on the holodeck to We've got to get Torres back now. It didn't work. He bounced right off the field.
It's trajectory is erratic, and our sensors aren't detecting any stellar or planetary gravitational fields that could account for its motion. And yet it looks, feels, and tastes just like a comet. Captain? I'm showing a large build-up of baryonic particles. By a ship? How about Stellar Cartography? Well, that's going to be a problem with just about everything we assign him to.
Captain! We must have hurt them. We'd better hope they don't come back. We're sitting ducks. We've had casualties on all decks, no fatalities so far. Crewman Bendera's dead. The Doctor couldn't do anything. I'll get right on it. Yes. Like it or not, it seems we're in a situation where the rules have changed. And maybe, if we're going to survive out here, we have to start changing too. When we first started our trip home, you made a conscious decision to treat Voyager as a Starfleet ship with a Starfleet crew following Starfleet rules. Starfleet works well in the Alpha quadrant, but out here, maybe we should be thinking more like the Maquis. The Maquis had to survive on their own. We were up against insurmountable odds. We had to create our own opportunities for success, because nobody was willing to help us. Sound like anybody you know? Captain, this was the fourth attack in two weeks. We've lost three crew members to the Kazon, a dozen more have sustained serious injuries. The ship has taken so much damage we'll be lucky to get warp drive online again. And we can count on the fact that the Kazon will be back. I don't think we can afford to keep doing business as usual. [Mess hall] A lot of us can say we're alive today because of Kurt Bendera. There was never a better man to have at your side, never anyone more willing to take on the tough jobs. The first time I met him was in a mining community on Telfas Prime. Some of the miners objected to my sense of humour and decided they should break a few of my bones. There were four of them and one of me, and I was taking a beating. Suddenly this man I'd never seen before came out of nowhere and evened things up. We stood back to back, and pretty soon the others decided my sense of humour wasn't so bad after all. I thanked the man. He just grinned and said, I like a good fight. He was my friend from that moment on, and he kept fighting the good fight right up to the end. I'll miss him. Ensign. (Everyone stands. The Ensign blows a bosun's pipe, presumably to pipe Bendera off the ship, and the service finishes.) But that's not why he thinks we should give the Kazon what they want. You have, but a lot of the crew feel they haven't had the chance to voice their opinions. A lot of the Maquis feel the Federation abandoned them years ago. You may be willing to die for Federation principles, but they're not. I don't. But isn't there something in between your position and his? [Turbolift] All I'm saying, Captain, is that maybe there's a little room for flexibility in interpreting Starfleet's protocols. Frankly I'm not sure they were ever intended for situations like this. Maybe this situation with the Kazon is the first example. Maybe we have to examine Starfleet's principles with a cold eye and ask ourselves if they're really applicable here. Make a deal, an alliance. With one of their factions, or two. If we had the Ogla and the Relora as our allies, the others would be afraid to touch us. With all due respect, maybe that's because your imagination is limited by Starfleet protocols. As Captain, you're responsible for making decisions in the best interest of your crew, and I think you have to ask yourself if you're doing that. [Tuvok's quarters] (Tuvok is tending his orchids when the doorbell rings.) You've got to be kidding! I think it's a bad idea. Fine. I'll talk with Seska. Yellow alert, all hands at the ready. Red alert! What are you doing on a Kazon ship? It happened over thirty years ago and the Kazon are still trying to punish you? It seems to me that they've learned their lesson. Mabus and his people have freely acknowledged that they were responsible for what happened to them. The Trabe have a lot of ships and a lot of weapons in that convoy. I think this alliance would be better than none at all. Who sent him? One of the Majes. Captain, I think you should consider not going to the conference.
To be honest, it's almost frightening. Up till now, it's all been theory. I never thought it would actually happen. Are we ready for it? Increase sensor gain to maximum. Aye, Captain. [Sickbay] How do we do that?  He used a phaser on the port plasma conduit. We have power failures all over the ship. We're having trouble tracking him. We can't get power to the internal sensors. Tuvok has security teams searching deck by deck. [Corridor] Localise it. Tuvok doesn't have any security in that area. Chakotay to Tuvok. We think Paris may be on deck six. Deploy security to sections twenty one through twenty seven alpha. (Paris gently puts Janeway on the floor of a shuttlecraft, then takes the helm.) What? Tractor beam. Maintain a sensor lock on that shuttle. Engage warp engines. Follow them. Increase speed to match. Are we in tractor range? Reduce sped to warp nine point five. Keep a sensor lock on them as long as you can. Natural? What do we do about it? Go ahead. Acknowledged. Tuvok, have a security team meet us in Transporter room three. [Planet surface] (Night. A pair of giant salamanders are lying on the shore by a river. Tuvok and Chakotay, and two security guards, beam down. The salamanders react to their torches, and Chakotay stuns them.) There are traces of human DNA. It's them. But I have to admit, I'm not sure which one is the Captain. I don't know how I'm going to enter this into the log.
No, not really. I've just never really been comfortable with Suder, that's all. It's not like he ever did anything wrong, it's just As in killing Cardassians. You weren't with him in battle. Around us he was the quietest, most unassuming guy you'll ever meet. Typical Betazoid, Kept to himself. I never knew much about him. A lot of us were doing what we were doing to protect our families, but Suder had his own reasons. I wish I could tell you what they were. In combat there was something in his eyes. Sometimes I had to pull him back, stop him from going too far. And once or twice when I did he looked at me with those cold eyes and I just knew he was this far away from killing me. I don't put down hunches or bad feelings in my crew evaluations, Lieutenant. A Vulcan should appreciate that. I wasn't going to make it harder for any of them here. Suder did his job when he was serving with me and he's done his job since he's been on this ship. There won't be any more winners. I've heard you're responsible for this, Lieutenant. With a senior officer running a gambling operation and skimming profits from each days proceeds? Now why would Starfleet have a problem with that? Since you all seem to have extra replicator rations you won't be needing these. Today's pot is hereby confiscated. The Captain's put a lot of faith in you, Mister Paris. She'll be disappointed. You're on report. (Chakotay is halfway out the door.)
I haven't seen many weapons that could do that kind of damage to a duritanium hull. Continuous scans, Lieutenant. We don't want whoever did this to catch us by surprise. [Engineering] Afraid so. Probably the same way we did. Originally the Cardassians sent this thing to destroy a Maquis munitions base. We nicknamed it Dreadnought. It's a self-guided tactical missile carrying a charge of a thousand kilos of matter and another thousand of antimatter. We didn't. It got through all our defences. Worked like it was supposed to except for one minor detail. It didn't go off. The missile skipped off into the atmosphere and quietly went into orbit. And we gave it a new mission. To destroy the Cardassian fuel depot on Aschelan Five. But it never made it out of the Badlands. We thought it had been destroyed in one of the plasma storms. Lieutenant. I expect everyone to show up for meetings on time and properly dressed. (Paris nearly says something, then changes his mind.) On screen. It's not supposed to do that until it's locked onto it's final target. The planet is Class M. I'm reading several heavily populated areas. [Secret location] The Dreadnought's quantum torpedoes could be modified to be compatible with our launchers. We should also download some files from the computer core. We're back on a heading to Rakosa Five. At this rate it'll reach the planet in fifty one hours. (Later.) Torres programmed the missile's shields to adjust to all known weapons, even Starfleet's. It must have scanned our weapons, adapted its shields. To work, it would take more energy than all of our photons put together. I'm not leaving you on the ship. Everyone except senior officers, with me. (Chakotay leaves.)
Captain, have you decided who's going to replace Paris? They're made from a substance known as verterium cortenide. Do you know where we can find a source? What initial investigation? Captain, what's going on? Plan. Are you saying Paris's insulting behaviour, the gambling, being late for duty, mouthing off at me, was all a ruse? And the reason I wasn't let in on this little plan? In other words, you didn't trust me. Could it be Hogan? That would put Neelix in a potentially dangerous situation.
This is the third time you've been late this week, Mister Paris. What's the source? Slow to half impulse. She may be too sick.  According to her ship's navigational logs, the woman was en route to a remote Vidiian colony. It's about ten light years away. We should be in the general vicinity in about twenty two days. Captain. I wanted to talk to you about Lieutenant Paris. His attitude lately has been less than professional. I know crew discipline's my responsibility, but in this case I thought I should let you get involved before I took any action. In a way, Paris has been your personal reclamation project.  Mind if I join you? So how are things, Tom? How have you been feeling lately? Something bothering you? Well, you've been moody lately, indifferent to your duties. To be honest, you don't seem to be taking your job very seriously. If you've got a problem, I'd like to know what it is. You care to elaborate? What's that supposed to mean? Look, sometimes I'm not going to agree with your suggestions. But making decisions is part of being a leader. Maybe someday you'll understand that. I didn't come here for a lecture from you on how to do my job. Sure, Paris. You're excused. [Secret location] LORRUM That's all right, Mister Paris. We don't need you. Mister Grimes has taken your place at conn. Not today it isn't. That's right. When you decide to start taking your job seriously, we'll discuss it. But right now, you're dismissed. (Chakotay turns Paris around.)
You know, I didn't expect to be this nervous. It's not even my child. Captain? My father had a saying, Captain. Home is wherever you happen to be. Sounds like we're headed right into their territory.  What was that? We have just barely enough. Stand by. I'm having trouble with the alignment module. I've got alignment. Magnetising the hull. (Shudder.) I think it worked. The magnetic field is collapsing. The hull is depolarising! (Bang!) Everybody out! Go, go, go! Hurry, Captain! Captain! Captain, let's go! (Note to Captain? Aye, Captain. [Voyager 2 - Sickbay] We analysed the sensor logs from our trip through the plasma cloud. We couldn't find anything unusual until we ran a quantum level analysis. Remember that subspace turbulence we hit just before we left the cloud? Well, watch what happens. (Voyager's outline blurs.) If the same forces were at work inside the plasma cloud, they may have duplicated every particle of matter on Voyager. So what do we do? There are two Voyagers and two crews? They may be able to do that, but we barely have enough power for life support. How can we get enough to send an energy pulse of that size? Aye, Captain. Can you identify them? Still off-line. [Voyager 2 - Bridge] JANEWAY Maybe they hit the other Voyager. They've got everything below deck five, and I don't know how much longer we can keep them away from the Bridge. We're outnumbered two to one. Captain, the Vidiian ship has been destroyed. So has the other Voyager. Captain's log, stardate 49548.7. There are no signs of any pursuing Vidiian vessels, and we have resumed a course toward home. [Sickbay]
According to Neelix, nobody's had direct contact with the Drayans for decades. All he's heard are rumours. No, just very private. [Turbolift] I'd feel better about this particular twenty minutes if we had some idea what to expect. I envied it so much I almost got myself shipped back to the academy for remedial training. On my first assignment we were sent to make contact with the Tarkannans. I studied all the information we had about them and pestered the Captain into letting me be part of the diplomatic team. When we came face to face with the Tarkannan delegation I very proudly made the traditional gesture for hello, not realising that males and females of their race use different styles of movement, and I was actually propositioning the Ambassador. [Transporter room] Om-nah-hoo-pez-nyeetz. That's from the spirits of my people. It means, peace in your heart, fortune in your steps. The reaction chamber is equipped with a compositor which allows us to re-crystallise the dilithium. In our situation we can never be sure when we'll be able to find a new supply. Some human cultures have done the same. [Drayan moon] (Bennet has been moved out of sight into the shuttle.) It shows. We could assure her we have no intention of interfering with their culture or traditions. Torres and Neelix just got back, but there's still no word from Tuvok and Bennet. How many search parties could it take to find two crash victims? What if they can't? Captain, maybe you shouldn't
Looks like a glacial freeze. Those glaciers are receding. I thought you said there weren't any lifesigns. Their timetable was supposed to end four years ago. Sounds like we ought to get them out right away. Why not? If the only way to help those people is to go in and find out from them what's wrong, I don't see any alternative. How do we negotiate without sending in another hostage? Could we switch over to a simulated brain without the Clown noticing it? How do the optronic pathways function in this system, B'Elanna?
Not yet. We're having some trouble with the transporter. There's no evidence of any type of alien interference. Frankly, Captain, we're at a loss. Captain, I recommend we programme a holodeck simulation. Try recreating the accident. Tuvok said it could take up to ten days to check out all the possible problems. How'd you fix it so fast? There's an old axiom. The whole is never greater than the sum of its parts. I think Tuvix might be disproving that notion. [Planet surface] Best out of five? (Kes enters.) Not at all. (Paris takes Tuvix's cue.) Of course not. I count myself as one of them. Until the Captain makes a decision, Mister Tuvix is still the tactical officer. (Janeway comes out of her Ready room and goes to Tactical.)
What about keeping us in stasis aboard Voyager? It's risky. The Vidiians have never shown any willingness to help us. It's more likely they'd attack Voyager and try to harvest body parts from the crew. Could we live with ourselves, knowing we sent Voyager into that kind of danger? It looks like they transported the contents of the whole ship. Do you really think you can find a cure? Does it matter which way these things go? That's not much of a choice. Couldn't Starfleet have come up with something a little more cheerful? I was thinking more of a tasteful pinstripe, something in blues and greens. Well, I suggest we put the grey on the outside and the beige inside. Roughing it? Let's see, we have shelter, furniture, research equipment, tricorders, a replicator. It's too rough for me. A bathtub? Captain, I'm sure you can learn to love the sonic shower. Give me a few days on that one, okay? [Engineering] Catch anything? Oh, in the woods. Not yet. It means when it's time for you to know, I'll tell you. I'm building something. You can't stand it, can you? You're like a little kid wheedling. Can't hurt to give it a try. [Outside the shelter] (There is a rustle in the nearby bushes. Janeway grabs a towel.) I've detected primate life signs here, but I've never seen one. Looking for a pet? Well, excuse me. [Shelter] Kathryn, the Doctor worked for weeks trying to find a treatment for this disease. You've been at it twelve hours a day, seven days a week since we got here, and we're still no closer to a cure than we were the day we were infected. My people have a saying. Even the eagle must know when to sleep. Maybe it's time we both considered that. Why do you have to see it as defeat? Maybe it's simply accepting what life has dealt us, finding the good in it. Making headboards. I've noticed you sometimes sit up in your bed to read. I figured you might as well have a comfortable backrest. But what I do makes you uncomfortable, doesn't it? Every time I do something that adds a personal touch to the shelter, you resist it. I can't sacrifice the present waiting for a future that may never happen. The reality of this situation is that we may never leave here. So, yes, I'm trying to make a home. Something that's more than a plain, grey box. Kathryn! Kathryn. Are you hurt? Give it to me. It seems to be some kind of plasma storm. Our tricorders don't recognise it, but it sure packs a wallop! [Ready room] I'm sorry. I've been thinking. There's plenty of wood available here. I could probably add rooms to the shelter, give us a little more living space. I could do a certain amount with a phaser, but I was actually thinking of logs. I built a few of them when I was growing up. My father thought it was important that I learn how. No bathtub. Well, maybe those camping trips helped prepare you for life here. I think that's the first time I've heard you say anything positive about being here. (The primate chatters at them.) Do you expect him to answer you? I doubt that he can be domesticated, at least not very easily. (The primate climbs a tree.) That's a long time. At least I hope so. Aye, aye, Captain. [Shelter] (Janeway's shoulder's ache.) Here, let me help. (He strokes her hair, moves it out of the way, then starts massaging.) I've had a lot of practice at this. My mother used to get sore necks all the time. I was the only one she'd trust not to make it worse. (After a very long moment, Janeway stands up.) Sleep well, Kathryn. All right. I'm not sure I can define parameters. But I can tell you a story, an ancient legend among my people. It's about an angry warrior who lived his life in conflict with the rest of his tribe, a man who couldn't find peace, even with the help of his spirit guide. For years, he struggled with his discontent. But the only satisfaction he ever got came when he was in battle. This made him a hero among his tribe, but the warrior still longed for peace within himself. One day he and his war party were captured by a neighbouring tribe led by a woman warrior. She called on him to join her because her tribe was too small and weak to defend itself from all its enemies. The woman warrior was brave and beautiful and very wise. The angry warrior swore to himself that he would stay by her side, doing whatever he could to make her burden lighter. From that point on, her needs would come first. And in that way, the warrior began to know the true meaning of peace. No. But that made it easier to say. [Bridge] (Fighting a running battle against three ships.) How are they coming? I would never have thought of you as a gardener. Did you hate that as much as camping? If your tomatoes could spare you for a minute, I'd like your opinion on something in the house. Really? [Shelter] (Chakotay shows her a schematic on the desk computer.) What do you think? You said you wanted to explore the river. I think I could build this. I'm not sure we could fit the bathtub in the boat. Yes. (He goes to a shelf and gets the comm. badges.) Ready? (The primate turns up.) Aye, Captain. I'll have a report to you by eighteen hundred hours. Yes, ma'am. I'll see to it. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 This is not my responsibility! She has no right to expect me to I have a duty to this crew. I can't just leave and go looking for the child. Do you think it's a trap? On the other hand, it was time for her to deliver, and that baby we saw did look part Cardassian and part human. Still, the safest thing would be to ignore this message and resume our course. A-koo-chee-moya. We are far from the sacred places of our grandfathers. We are far from the bones of my people. But I ask, on this day of sorrow and uncertainty, that the wisdom of my father find me and help me understand my dilemma. Speak to me, Father. Speak to me in my dreams. I have a son, Father. Yes, but I'm not sure I'm willing to be a father to him. He was born without my consent. I had no part in it. My DNA was taken from me, used by a woman to impregnate herself without my permission. It's more than that. How do you take a child into your heart who is forced upon you by a mother's deception? No. If these ships can fool the Kazon, it's worth it. Uh, excuse me, but there is one more thing. Thank you. [Bridge]  It's not Culluh's ship. Looks more like a shuttle. I know this man. His name's Teirna. He's one of Seska's aides. She had him work me over when I was on their ship. What about the child? We'll be needing your help getting to the Gema system. Under the circumstances, I'd say you don't have much of a choice. [Doctor's office]  What's his prognosis? Polycythemia? I'd like you to run an autonomic response analysis the next time I question him. Have you found anything at all that would cast doubt on his story? I still don't trust him. [Briefing room] We might have more success avoiding him if you gave us the command codes for the Nistrim defence net. Feeling better? You're still not optimistic about our chances, are you? We've had no problem repelling the attacks so far. You still have pride in the Nistrim, don't you, Teirna? Even after what they did to you. I remember that pride in your eyes when you pounded me with your fists while I was tied to a chair. And I can see it in your eyes now, and that scares the hell out of me. Tell me something, Teirna. Every Kazon attack seems to focus on our starboard ventral. Think that might be some kind of pattern? Because if it is, and you've been lying to us Starboard ventral. Stand down Red alert. We barely have time to begin repairs before they attack it again. Why would these factions of Kazon, loyal to no one, all have the same agenda? And why would that agenda focus on a nonessential area of the ship? We can't just stay on this course and wait to see what they have in store for us. Mister Teirna should be restricted to quarters on a secured deck until further notice. Funny how they show up right after we reverse course. They took the bait. I like those odds better than eight to one. Deck eight. Teirna's quarters. Evasive manoeuvres, Mister Paris. Gamma sequence. Navigational array is offline. Intruder alert. Security to decks five through seven. May he grow up never knowing the contempt his father has for his mother. What? Is that what she told you? What's in the Hanon system? A clearing with a protected side like the base of a cliff would be best. That includes anything that can be used as a tool or a weapon. All right, start dividing the crew. Looks like we don't have much daylight left. We'll spread the teams out in a standard alpha search pattern to see what we have to work with. At first glance, it's an M-class planet in a Pliocene stage of evolution. Let me help you. Don't push yourself. That goes for everyone. Perspiring wastes water. (He takes the baby from her. There is a ground tremor. Captain Janeway leads them through a gap in the rocks.) That's all that's left of Hogan's uniform, Captain. We didn't find anything else. I know it sounds grisly, but I can make solar stills with the material from this uniform. We could have water tomorrow. Trapped on a barren planet and you're stuck with the only Indian in the universe who can't start a fire by rubbing two sticks together. I was never good at this as a child and I'm still not good at it. We need kindling of some sort. (He stares at the Captain.) Something my father once told me about starting a fire. (A short time later, all the long-haired crew have had to sacrifice a lock to the cause. Kim gets to cut Janeway's hair.)  There are signs of a struggle near the edge of camp. I found alien tracks. Well, I'm better at tracking than starting fires. This is thoughtful of you Tuvok, but my tribe never used bows and arrows, and I've never even shot one. Are you all right? Have you been able to tell if they have a leader? Listen to the sound of my voice, and you'll know that I mean you no harm. I come without weapons. But I must have my people back. (The chief silences the males and talks to Chakotay.) Thank you, but she should stay with you. I must take them with me. Kes, stand up slowly and walk away with us. (Neelix and Kes walk away as Chakotay faces the chief.) We have to go now. (He follows Kes and Neelix up the slope.) Just keep walking. Don't look back. In there! I know. If they know it too, they won't follow us in. Come on! (He is right.) [Engineering] (Cullah is watching from the top walkway. Seska is on the one below.) Come on. We have to see if there's another way out of here. (Further along, there is a small rock fall after a tremor.)  Which way do you like, Tuvok? All right, let's take it slow. Single file. [Outside the tunnel] (Torres, Ayala and a crewwoman throw rocks at the natives.) Go! [Tunnel] (They run back to the entrance. The serpent follows.) Everybody out! [Outside the tunnel] Go, go, go! [Outside the tunnel] Come on. [Jefferies Tube] KAZON I agree with the Captain. We have to find a way to share this world with them. I don't believe that. (Kes runs out to them.) It's okay. (He puts her over his shoulder and carries her back up to safety. The chief is impressed.)
Captain, forgive me, but you've never been one to put much trust in religious ceremonies. Exactly what is it you hope to accomplish? Some kind of physiological change, maybe. We'll have to find a way to allow the Doctor to monitor your physical condition, and you should have a way to call for an emergency beam out if you need it. As a precaution. We don't have any idea what the ritual entails. Of course there's always the possibility that the Ancestral Spirits really do control what happens in the shrine. I remember when my mother taught me the science underlying the vision quest. In a way I felt disappointed. Some of the mystery was gone. Maybe the Nechani have chosen not to lose the mystery. What does that mean? Is she in danger? Then there's nothing so far that would suggest a treatment for Kes. It's been three days since she had any sleep. How long are we going to let her go through this? She's been poisoned by some unknown toxin. It may be having an effect we can't gauge. It could lie dormant for a few days and then suddenly fluctuate and kill her in minutes. Are you getting enough meaningful information to justify her continuing this ordeal? Then is it possible she's in no condition to activate the homing signal? All right, we'll leave her there for now, but I'm not moving from this monitor until she gets back. [Coastline] (Waves rolling onto a rocky shore with a cliff behind Janeway.) How does that translate into a cure for Kes? Captain, if you'll excuse me, I'm probably more useful on the bridge right now. (Chakotay leaves.) Captain, we've been worried about you. Acknowledged. I'll bring her down myself. Chakotay to sickbay. Doctor, prepare Kes for transport. The Doctor says her life signs are deteriorating. He almost wouldn't let us take her out of sickbay. You have some new information on the effects of the field? Captain, you've been through a lot in the past few days. Are you sure of that? There are eight hundred megajoules of biogenic energy running through that shrine. The thoron radiation levels are off the scale. That's what you'd be taking yourself and her into. Why don't you take some time to think about this and let us run a few more scans. Captain, this isn't like you. He's right. It's my responsibility to keep you safe, for the crew's sake if not for your own. I'd rather not have to relieve you of duty, but if your judgment's been impaired in any way. Captain, I don't understand this.
From the dispersal pattern of the interstellar plasma, it looks like it isn't fixed. Seems to be travelling through space. Aye, Captain. Hard to believe, isn't it? (An older man in a long robe, and wearing a patch over his right eye, enters the square declaiming a poem.) It was very nice. I'm sorry. Not today. We've really got to be going. Tom? I'm picking up a narrow band EM dampening field around that building. It looks like some sort of temple. What do you mean, wearing your ears? Must be some sort of fetish. Greed is eternal. Chakotay to Voyager. We've found the replicator, Captain.  It seems the people have a myth, an epic poem called the Song of the Sages, which predicts the arrival of two demigods from the sky, the Sages, who would rule over the people as benevolent protectors. What they've done is co-opt the local mythology by using advanced technology like the replicator to convince the people that they're the two Sages spoken of in the poem. It's disgusting, Captain. The two Ferengi live in a palatial temple, while the people are lucky to have a roof over their heads. Now that we've found them, what are we going to do with them? But Arridor's right. We can't kidnap their gods either. The gods would be gone, but the people would be prepared for it, and they might accept it as a natural ordained occurrence. Let's get to the shuttle. (The Bard's eye patch has moved from the right to the left eye.) Your poem's very nice, but we're in a hurry. Tell me something. What happens to the Sages at the end of the Song? The Holy Pilgrim! The Holy Pilgrim! (The voices can be heard inside the vault.) Chakotay to Voyager. On my mark. [Bridge] Now. [Bridge] Stand back. (Chakotay phasers the generator.) [Town Square] (Neelix, Arridor and Kol are beamed away.) We're all here in one piece, Captain.  Acknowledged. Listen, friend, you're lucky to be alive. We beamed your shuttle to the shuttle bay. As for the rest of your possessions, they're back in the hands of the people you stole them from. Ensign Murphy, escort these men to secured quarters.  Murphy was escorting the Ferengi to their quarters. The gravitational effects of the wormhole are refracting the beam. I can't get a lock. Try setting the scanners to a narrowband subspace frequency. [Ferengi shuttle] (An alarm sounds.) Initiate a high intensity impulse burst.
The vultures are circling. Aye, Captain. Are you all right, Lieutenant?  So how are you feeling this morning? I didn't ask because I'm concerned about your ability to perform, I'm concerned about you. Sorry I asked. Maybe you should try to forget about it for a while. I've found that when you don't think about a problem, sometimes the solution comes to you. [Engineering] Good point. Mister Kim? Anything unusual about the nebula itself? Cloaked ships? Maybe you should go back to Sickbay. Tuvok? (Tuvok is back at the cliff.)
Captain, Ambassador Liria is hailing us. I'm sure the same could be said of anyone who was near the explosion. It's hardly enough evidence for a conviction. Aye, Captain. [Paris' hovel]  There's no indication they followed us. Our long range scans indicate that Liria was right. There's no trilithium in this sector.  We're in hailing range of the Akritirian freighter, Captain. I guess you're not the only captain who doesn't want their ship boarded. So much for negotiating.
B'Elanna. B'Elanna, wake up. Your duty shift started twenty minutes ago. I tried to reach you on the comm. but you didn't answer. Are you feeling all right? This is the second morning you've been late. I'm not concerned about the duty schedule, B'Elanna. If there's something wrong Ah, you mean fine like when you insisted on finishing the hoverball championship with a broken ankle? Intensely bad? So they're enjoyable. Stimulating. I don't suppose you've been dreaming about anyone in particular? One of our passengers? I'm sure. So I assume I won't have to write up a report on your chronic oversleeping? I know. You'll rip my heart out and eat it raw. Your secret's safe with me. [Corridor] (In smart casual wear, coming out of the turbolift.) Actually, I think she might have gone to bed early tonight. [B'Elanna's dream - Bedroom] (Korenna is getting a lecture from her father.) Can you get it done before we drop off the Enarans? Is there something else on your mind? In what way? B'Elanna It sounds like a holonovel. It can't be a coincidence that this is going on while we have a group of telepaths on board. Why don't you ask your friend in Engineering. I'll talk to the Captain. She should know anything that might involve our guests. And you have evidence that she was murdered?
What's that? I'd say over fifteen months even if we could sustain maximum warp, which we can't. They can't possibly have enough ships to patrol a border this size. We could probably find an unguarded section. Captain? I think we've found it. A way to get across the border without being detected. And we've found that this area shows no indication of their vessels. We can slide through, go to high warp and be through this narrow section of their territory in four days. That looks like thousands of ships. Maybe they haven't detected us. Mister Paris, take us through. If we can sustain that for twelve hours we'll be nearly a third of the way through. Red alert! Shields at maximum. Do you think they're trying to communicate? I'll say. As far as anyone's sensors are concerned we're lit up like a Christmas tree. How did that happen? Anything we fire is going to affect us instead of them. What about a photon torpedo? They're starting to drain our systems.
Some sort of spatial rift. It opened right in front of us. By whom? Shields up! Hail them again. (Whumph!) Tuvok, divert all available power to the deflector. Send out a high energy polaron pulse. It might help to disrupt his weapon. Captain, if he's telling the truth It doesn't look like we're going to get it. Where are we? (The viewscreen shows a blue planet with white clouds.) We just cut across half the galaxy! The late twentieth century. What about the time ship? Is it here too? Subspace technology shouldn't exist for another hundred years or so. I find it hard to believe a ship from the twenty ninth century could have landed on this beach without being noticed. Well, Kathryn, you got us home. Maybe I should look up a few ancestors. As I recall, one of them was a schoolteacher in Arizona. She does have your legs. No. Some interesting species in this century. [Beach] So much for the timeship. From what we can tell he spends most of his time putting up literature about the end of the world. (Janeway's comm. badge beeps. She takes it out of her pocket.) You were trying to destroy us. And yet we just arrived. Why? Which raises the question, who has your timeship? Maybe we can help you find Starling and your ship, and get us back to where we belong. Now that we know what's going to happen, maybe we can figure out (A police car stops and sounds its siren.) So far, so good. We haven't set off any alarms. I see you never learned to type. Well, this isn't. I'm detecting a forcefield. I can't scan beyond this wall. I don't see an access port or a control panel. Looks like a series of pictographs. They must have used symbols to represent the different functions of the computer. Any every few years there's been an equally revolutionary advance in computers, all from Chronowerx Industries, all based on Starling's crude understanding of twenty ninth century technology. I wish I weren't. Shouldn't have happened. Braxton was right. The ship's going to be launched. You're really getting the hang of this. You know, Captain, in a way Braxton was right. If we hadn't fought him when he tried to destroy Voyager, he wouldn't have been pulled back in time, his ship wouldn't have crash-landed on Earth, and none of this would have happened. Hold on. This looks promising. Try timeship security portal. If you launch that ship and travel to the future, it will destroy Earth's solar system. Inertial dampers are offline. He's gotten into our propulsion systems. Damage reports are coming in. Some minor power fluctuations in the impulse drive and a few burned out circuits in the main computer core. Nothing we can't handle. Starling downloaded nearly twenty percent of our computer core while we were trying to beam the timeship out of his building. Without the exact calibration, that ship will rip the time-space continuum apart. If we risk another pass through the lower atmosphere, there's a chance of getting intercepted by the Air Force. Transporters are online. We should be within range in about ten minutes. You can see the entire Baja Peninsula. I'd forgotten how beautiful the view is from this altitude. I never thought I'd see it again. That's right. My first year at the Academy. Then I went to Venus for a couple of months to learn how to handle atmospheric storms, and then I dodged asteroids for a semester in the belt. Only you, B'Elanna, could start a brawl in Astrotheory 101. I guess so. There are still a few isolated places left in this century. We'd have to keep low profiles. I've thought about pursuing archaeology full time. Maybe I could teach at a university or work on one of the important digs in Central America. There were still a lot of important discoveries to be made in this century. I could win a Nobel prize. What about you? I'd hire you in a second. Let's start our descent. Watch out for birds. [Metro Plaza] Go ahead. Almost. Another two minutes. [Metro Plaza] We've got a lock on Starling's position. Captain, we've got Starling in our transporter buffers but we can't rematerialise him. Aft thrusters are down. [Bridge] The buffers are purged. They've taken Starling off our hands. Propulsion is offline. Voyager, we're going down! [Cellar] (General tools on shelves, with cobwebs over them. Torres and Chakotay are lying on the floor, bound hand and foot. Torres wakes, then two men open the door and walk to the top of the stairs. The leader is carrying a honking big gun.) Who are you? No, just passing by. We are not from the Beast. Just take us to our plane. Listen, I used to think violence could be the solution to a problem, but it's not true. I was a freedom fighter, so I thought. That gun will get you nowhere. (Butch enters with more men.) Doctor, how? Chakotay to Paris. What's your status? [Arizona - highway] There's a temporal transponder, set to give off tachyon signals. Chakotay to Voyager. The timeship's not here, Captain. It was a ruse. Starling's going to launch from a different site. [Chronowerx - Timeship] Mister Paris, stand by. We're bringing you aboard. [Arizona - highway] Status. Doctor, get down there. Ensign Kaplan, go with him. Fate, Tuvok? I won't accept that. Close to within ten kilometres. We'll ram him if we have to. Hail Starling. This is Voyager. Pull away from the rift. Chakotay to Janeway. Captain, we have no other choice. Fire! (Janeway is knocked backwards by the launch gases.) [Timeship] The Bridge is yours, Captain. Yes, unfortunately. Did it work?
Can we beam the passengers out through all that radiation? Bridge to Janeway. [Transporter Room one] Block it. Lock on the tractor beam. Target phasers at their engine core, just enough to knock out propulsion. Set a course to follow them. Acknowledged. You wouldn't think it was possible to make those adjustments so quickly. At some point your people must have rebelled. If this was meant to be a trap, why tell us about it? I'll cover you.
Incredible. Captain, you've been on the Bridge for fourteen straight hours. Don't you think you deserve a little rest? Harry and I will get to work on the astrometric analysis, and we'll give you a full report in the morning.  I thought you were going to get some sleep.  Acknowledged. What did he want? [Janeway's quarters]  Captain? [Janeway's quarters] I've got those carbon conversion readings from the supernova. Have you heard anything more from Q? I was wondering just what just what you meant when you said he made a personal request. I see. Maybe. I know I don't have any right to feel this way, but this bothers the hell out of me. Any more questions? You're not going to believe this, Captain, but another star in this cluster just went supernova. It's point oh two light years from our current position. Sixteen seconds to impact. I'm not sure if the shields will hold. All hands, brace for impact. (Whumph! Voyager tumbles backwards.)  [Q Continuum - Colonial Manor House] (In period costume.) Report. (to Female Q) I want to know what's going on here. Where's Captain Janeway? I don't think you can. I don't know how or why, but something's affected your powers. Otherwise, you wouldn't still be here and you wouldn't have a bruise on your forehead. Now start talking before I hurl you into the brig. [Briefing room]  And it's the war in the Continuum that's causing the supernovas? How were Q and Captain Janeway able to re-enter the Continuum and you weren't? Look, we want our Captain back, and you obviously want to get home. Why don't we help each other? There's got to be some way to get back to the Continuum besides snapping your fingers. What is it, Harry? Yes, but in one piece. So Voyager will be pulled in too. He does have a point. Does this make any sense to you at all, B'Elanna? [Engineering]  Maintain your course. B'Elanna, take warp drive offline, remodulate the shields, and get ready to emit the antiprotons. [Engineering]  Antiprotons now, B'Elanna. [Q Continuum - Confederate Colonel's tent] COLONEL Harry, get to the Captain! (The female Q, in crinolines, goes too.) Aye, Captain.
We may be able to help you. Doctor? An away mission. Good enough. It'll take us about three hours to reach you. Life signs? Doctor, don't forget, you're not invulnerable. If anything happens to that portable emitter, your programme could be lost. You heard the man. I appreciate your attention to detail but we don't need that much information. Let us know when you've found the miners. [EMH narrative - Garan Mine] You mean the virus has grown? The virus isn't in our database. The biofilters might not recognise it. You'll have to settle for tricorder data. [EMH narrative - Garan Mine] Doctor, away team guidelines specifically forbid the transport of unknown infectious Purge the filters. Any luck? How long before the antigen's ready? That gives us time to rendezvous with the Captain. We'll deal with this after she's aboard. Compassion is nothing to be sorry about, Doctor. It won't be the last time you're faced with a moral dilemma in the field. But if it makes you feel any better, your performance was exemplary. Acknowledged. Red Alert. Initiate level four quarantine protocols on deck two. All hands, this is Commander Chakotay. We've detected an airborne virus in the mess hall. Deck two is under quarantine. No crewmember, repeat, no crewmember is to enter or leave any section on deck two. Stand by for further instructions. Good morning, Captain. Here's an update on repairs. They're fine, although the Doctor tells me a few people are still reporting post-viral queasiness. Aye Captain. Speaking of R&R, a few of us are going skiing on the holodeck. The Ktarian glaciers. Fresh air, good work out. Care to join us? Not your cup of tea? Understood. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Not entirely wrong. These plasma strands we're approaching look ready to ignite. Being moved by an emotion isn't always extraneous. Sometimes it's the whole point. [Tuvok's quarters] (Tuvok is carefully inserting short metal rods into a complex globular construct. The doorbell rings.)  The temperature's five thousand degrees kelvin and rising. There is some kind of unknown process that's been keeping this nebula from going up like a torch. We're going to see it in action. Without causing a chain reaction in the nebula. If we understood how this happened, we might be able to find a new way to contain a warp core breach. The evening's young, Lieutenant. Let's mingle. What's that?  The dampening field only seems to appear when one of the plasma strands ignites, as if the fire itself initiates the field. One that's preserved this nebula for hundreds of years. The nebula could be having an effect on the ship's systems. At this speed, we'll be completely clear of the nebula by tomorrow. Most likely a sentient computer programme. I checked the Starfleet database. This kind of thing has happened before. The Enterprise-D under Picard was once taken over by a holocharacter. (That would be Moriarty.) Could she be trying to keep us near the nebula? Starboard shields are down to eighty percent. She's been using the Marayna character like a puppet.  Shields are down to forty seven percent. (Tuvok arrives in a darkened area. His comm. badge does not work.) Shields are gone.
Can we plot a course around it? I have the station on sensors, Captain. Three point four light years away, heading oh seven one mark one seven. We were hoping to find some magnetic spindle bearings for our reaction control assembly. No. Neelix. I thought you'd like to say hello to your old friend. Mister Wix was able to find those magnetic spindle bearings we were looking for. I don't know what we'd have done if he hadn't come up them. I'll let you two reminisce for a while. Thanks again, Wix. Murder? What's the charge?
Is there anyone in the area who might consider this their  property?    She bit you?  You said she was going after the gallicite, so we'll do the  same and hope it leads us to her.  Let's go. [Cave] (There  is some light, water dripping and mosses growing. Torres scans the  rocks then moves a few to reveal a power cable and a flashing light.)  We'll send somebody down here to study it more closely. Right  now we've got to get you back to the ship.  My name is Chakotay. I assure you, we have no hostile intent.    B'Elanna, please.  We'd be glad to take her and leave your territory.  We only came to find some gallicite. We thought this planet  was uninhabited.  It's standard procedure for any mission into unfamiliar  territory.  I'd be glad to tell you all about my people and learn about  yours. There's no need to hold us here for interrogation.  As I said, we didn't know there was anyone down here.  That's something we can help you with.  We can show you how we detected the gallicite, so you can  disguise it better. We can also help you eliminate the last traces of  the ruins on the surface, so no one else will be curious about them.  Yes. I assume the Sakari once lived there.  I can certainly understand your caution, but let us  demonstrate our good faith by helping you protect yourselves. Then  we'll go and never bother you again.  Are you two all right?    Chakotay to Voyager. Please respond. Still nothing.  There must be some kind of communications problem. I'm sure  they'll clear it up soon.  Hold on, Tom. There's not going to be any challenge. Are you  responsible for the ship being out of contact?  Just hold on. Neither of you are thinking straight right now.    You mean let them fight?  All right.  I think there's something you should see, Captain. We found  this as we were clearing away the ruins. Undoubtedly, one of the  invaders who destroyed this colony.  (A skeleton with cybernetic skull and body implants.) 
Harry's clarinet solo was okay. I could have done without Tuvok's reading of Vulcan poetry. But the highlight of the evening was definitely Kathryn Janeway portraying the Dying Swan. I don't doubt it. If Neelix has another talent night I hope you reprise it. Me? Get up in front of people and perform? I don't think so. Sounds great. If I miss I get to be Captain. Atmospheric turbulence. We might be in for a rough landing. I'm reading even more severe storms near the surface. I think we took a lightning hit. Attitude control is out. The navigational system's out. I'll try the emergency anti-grav thrusters. (The shuttlecraft tumbles through the clouds. The next time we see it, it is on the ground, badly damaged. Chakotay revives to see Janeway lying on the floor.) Kathryn. Kathryn! (He checks her pulse.) Kathryn! Kathryn! (He gets out a medical tricorder and scans her. The beeps are not good.) No! Hang on, Kathryn. (He starts CPR.) Breathe, damn it. Breathe! Don't you die on me now. Come on, Kathryn. Breathe! Listen to me, Kathryn. You've got to breathe. Breathe! Breathe! Come on. Come on! (He gives her an injection and she gasps.) Yes. Don't ever do that to me again. You went into shock. You gave me quite a scare there for a minute. This should help reduce your cranial swelling. Should have a headache for a while. We need to set up a homing signal. Hey, take it easy. I can get them. You set up the homing signal. Here. At least the storm seems to be dying. (Chakotay runs back to the shuttlecraft, and Janeway starts work on her comm. badge with the tool Chakotay gave her.) There are phaser burns on the hull. I don't think it was lightning strikes that hit us. I think we were shot down. I don't know. I'm going back to see if I can get an energy signature from the burns. Disconnect it while I scan the shuttle. (She goes to join him.) The signatures are Vidiian. If they shot us down you can be sure they'll be coming for us. We need to find a hiding place. Life forms, fifty metres from here. They're coming this way. There's another group in this direction. We're surrounded. Harry's clarinet solo was okay. I could have done without Tuvok's reading of Vulcan poetry. But the highlight of the evening was definitely Kathryn Janeway portraying the Dying Swan. You're right. We have been here before. Yes. They shot us down and attacked us. Whatever's going on, let's change tactics this time. Let's not try to land on that planet. Or of Vidiian ships. Chakotay to Voyager. Chakotay to Voyager, do you read us? Is it Vidiian? I've got it. It's a warship, loaded with weaponry. It's closing fast. We can try. Setting evasive pattern Delta four. Shields down to eighty four percent. Nice aim. We've lost shields! That one hit the reactant injectors. The magnetic fields are failing. The gas flow separators are down. Let's retrace our steps. Get back to the part of space we were in before all this started happening. Let me guess. It's a Vidiian ship. Sacajawea to Voyager. Do you read us? We're being pursued by two Vidiian ships. Set a course for our shuttle and have weapons powered. If you're going to emit that tachyon burst, you'd better do it now. In a couple of minutes those ships'll be right on top of us. The Vidiians are almost within range. Ready weapons. What happened? Then those ships must have been part of the time loop. Not a minute too soon. I was getting awfully tired of talking about Talent Night. We were on our way to the second planet of a binary system. And then we were attacked by the Vidiians, but we managed to escape and get back here. But I don't remember anything about a repeating time loop. You heard the Captain. Let's get moving. [Sickbay] I know. We're back. (There is a bright light ahead of them.) It's exerting a gravito-magnetic force. Changing course. We're still being drawn toward it. Structural integrity is weakening. Captain, maybe we should go in. Listen to me. Maybe we're doing this all wrong. Maybe the thing to do is fly into it. It's going to tear the shuttle apart. The hull is breaching! [Planet surface] (Janeway watches Chakotay performing CPR on her.) Don't you die on me, Kathryn. Start breathing! Breathe, dammit. Breathe! Don't do this to me, Kathryn. Come on, Kathryn, breathe. Don't you die on me. Come on, breathe. Kathryn, listen to me, you have to breathe. Start breathing! Come on! Come on! (He scoops her up in his arms, weeping.) No, Kathryn! You can't die. Yes, Voyager. How far are you? I have an emergency here. The Captain's dead. We have to get her back to sickbay. The Doctor may still be able to revive her. Acknowledged. Kathryn, we're going to get you back. [Sickbay] (Chakotay is there while the EMH and Kes work on the dead Janeway. Janeway watches.) In the past Kes has shown an ability an unseen presence. I think we have to take her seriously. Get on it. It's your top priority. Neelix, help the crew with this. Keep their morale up until we can get some answers. Yes, sir. Right away. Good idea. Tom, we'll take duty stations. Would anyone else like to say something? I know this hasn't been easy, but I think we'll all be better for it. We will honour the Captain one last time. Release the pod. (A crewman blows a bosun's whistle as Janeway's torpedo casing coffin is sent out into space.) Ensign Kim was right when he said the Captain wouldn't want us to be sad. Neelix has prepared some food, and it would be nice if we could all get together and share the good times we had with Captain Janeway. She's coming back. Her eyes are open. Kathryn, hang on. We're bringing you back. Just fight a little longer. Fight it, Kathryn, just a little longer. Kathryn? You and I were caught in a magnetic storm and crashed here. You were badly injured. The Doctor just arrived on the shuttle with Tuvok and began treating you. But each time you seemed to fight back. Another place? Some kind of afterlife? I could have sworn I heard the Doctor tell you to take it easy for a few days. You shouldn't push yourself. You've been through a lot. I can understand that. I can't help thinking about it. That alien, his Matrix. He was like the spider that has to lure a fly into his web. That's a little hard to believe. I'm sure that's the case. After going head to head with Kathryn Janeway he must have realised he'd met his match. Like something worth living for. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Are you saying we're lost, Ensign? Lost as in you can't get a fix on our position. Try hailing Voyager again. Then we'll just have to navigate the old-fashioned way. Engage optical scanners. I'm picking up an asteroid field at coordinates one one three mark seven. Record it. Great. We're not only lost, we're flying in circles. (Beeping.) Well, at least someone knows where we are. The signal's coming from the planet surface. Sensor readings are sketchy. I'm detecting about eighty thousand humanoid life forms on the western continent, some rudimentary structures and technology, but no energy signature big enough to be a starship. Try adjusting the bandwidth. This is Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager. Please identify yourself. They've identified us as a Federation ship. Whoever they are, they're asking for our help. Launch a message buoy letting Voyager know we've landed in response to a distress call. [Settlement] (Night. Fires burn in makeshift braziers.) I can't pinpoint the source of the transmission. (Four armed figures step out from the metal structures.) I'm Commander Chakotay of the Starship Voyager. We're responding to a distress call. We're looking for whoever it was who asked for our help. You're human. Why did you attack us? What did you do with Kaplan? I've got to get back to my shuttle. How did It's a long story. Why don't you go first. There are other humans here? And the ones who put you in stasis? Why did those people kill Kaplan? We were no threat to them. So those kind of attacks, they go on all the time? I've got to contact my ship. I can help you. It's delicious. No problem. I'm a vegetarian. About sixty seven years, provided we don't find a wormhole or some other faster way of getting back. We'd be missing an incredible opportunity to explore unknown space. Besides, we've made a good life for ourselves on Voyager. I'm sure Captain Janeway would be amenable to take as many of your people with us as we can accommodate. I assumed that's why you sent the distress call. But you were brought here against your will. You just said how dangerous it is. I can understand that, but What about those unfriendly neighbours of yours? I'll come with you. Hello? Anybody there? Riley? (He returns to the controls and finally hits the right ones. Sunlight streams in.) [Settlement] (There are people from many races here, all bald, some missing forearms. Chakotay sees a small group on the far side. One man with a Borg eye implant and cyborg forearm is working on another person with a metal plate at the back of their skull. That person turns around.) Riley? What are you? Are you Borg? You mean you weren't just kidnapped. You were assimilated by the Collective. And then? Why didn't you tell me all this in the first place? You'd been assimilated. You weren't in control of your actions. Would what be safe? Medical applications? This is all very fascinating, but I don't see how it helps me. I see. I thought you said the link was severed. You want to hook up my mind to some Borg collective! I'm not letting anyone implant some neural processor in my brain. Thanks, but I don't think so. I'll take my chances and wait for Voyager. Any sign of Voyager? It's either that or the Happy Hunting Grounds, huh? It was incredible. I heard all of you, your thoughts inside my head, as if they were my thoughts. And I could see myself through your eyes. I saw faces, planets. What were they? I know things about all of them, about you. You like bluebonnets. You used to pick them back home in Texas with a man who carried a walking stick. I know so much about you. I felt that. How long will it last? Yes. Hand me that hyperspanner. There, that should at least get the short range transmitters operational. Now, if we can get the signal amplifiers online. Well, I guess you haven't learned everything about me, have you. You're the ones who saved my life. I was so resistant to being linked. Now I'm almost sorry it's over. Last night when we were still connected, I realised what it is you really want from us. It's more than just supplies and security upgrades. It's a pretty radical concept. Why don't you tell her about it yourself? [Briefing room] I know it sounds extreme, Captain, but I think you should hear her out. What they're asking us to do is reactivate that ship's neuroelectric generator and redirect it toward the planet. If you're asking me whether or not she's sincere, I have to say yes. That's an understatement. I heard their thoughts, felt their feelings, saw through their eyes. No. I really care about what happens to these people, so in my heart I'd like to do everything we can to help them. But if I were sitting in your chair, I'd have to take other considerations into account. I'll let Riley know. [Settlement] (Other crew are also on the planet.) I'm afraid her decision was final. What about the raiders? How long do you think you can hold out against them? Come with us. We could replicate some Texas Barbeque. I'm sure it won't compare to your mothers, but I think I've never understood anyone better in my life. You're on. Did you say something? Are you getting a comm. transmission? It must have been my imagination. I'm fine. Don't do that. (Chakotay points a phaser at Torres.) I don't know what to say except I'm sorry. Maybe so. But somehow that doesn't make me feel any better. I helped them repair the communications array, and I told you they were sincere. But I couldn't have been more wrong about them, could I? But they didn't hesitate to impose their collective will on me when it served their interests, did they? I wonder how long their ideals will last in the face of that kind of power. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
That asteroid should have been vaporised. What happened? Location? Bridge to Engineering. B'Elanna, I want you to beam aboard a sample of the debris from that last asteroid. Let's find out why it wasn't vaporised. Hail them. Notify Lieutenant Paris and the others. We may have a team down. Go ahead. [Engineering] I'll be right there. Ambassador? [Shuttlecraft] (The shuttle has landed. There is knocking on the hull. Tuvok opens the rear door.) B'Elanna, give me a hand with this. (They pull the rock apart to reveal technology inside.) Ambassador, I have a feeling these asteroids aren't striking your planet by chance. [Mag-lev carriage] They remodulated their shields to fool our sensors. We're being hailed. They'll be here in under ten minutes, Captain. The ship is within range. They're charging weapons. No effect. We can't penetrate their shields. [Mag-lev carriage] They're remodulating their shields. They're retreating, Captain.
He's going to take us to the exact location of the attack. We'll be able to scan the site itself. That's what it looks like, Captain [Bridge] They could have stopped here. Kes could have rested against this rock. Go ahead, Captain. Acknowledged. It's finished. There's nowhere to go now, Doctor. If we can delay him. Doctor, listen to me. We can help you, create a new programme matrix just for you on the holodeck or in sickbay, wherever you want to be. Just turn off the scattering field. Let us beam you back to the ship. Doctor!
Let's mark the coordinates of that trinary star. It'll be a good reference point for this sector. Not that I remember. Why? What? Warp engines are down. A plasma conduit just blew in Engineering. Propulsion systems are down. They're reporting casualties. How could you know that? They'll intercept in thirty six minutes. I doubt it. Engineering's still working on repairs. We could manage warp three at best. We're coming up on that star system. We'll pass it if we stay at warp. They'll enter weapons range in a few seconds. (On the viewscreen is the planet from Kim's dream.) Is it Nasari? Aye, Captain. What's your next trick, Harry. Pull a shuttlecraft out of a hat? Can we get through the grid? I guess we're not welcome anymore. [Taresia] (The room is darkened. Women enter bearing staffs. Eliann lights candles.) We've been able to poke some holes in the tachyon grid but they're too small to squeeze Voyager through. I doubt it. And even if one could, there's another problem. A Taresian ship is patrolling the other side of the grid. [Doctor's office] I thought you'd confirmed that he has Taresian DNA. Their whole story about embryo implantation was a lie. He's human. Wouldn't the biofilters pick up the virus and eliminate it? Our away mission to that planet where we found the vorillium. Harry was with us, and he was separated from the group for a while. Don't forget that welcoming committee on the planet. It sounds as if they're giving him every incentive to want to stay on Taresia. We've been lucky to have you, Harry. If we hit the grid here, we'll have a few seconds before the patrol ship can move in to intercept us. Then I'll have to be quick. I'm not picking up Harry's comm. signal. Initiating level one bioscans of the surface. We've got him. Welcome back. We could use your strategic intuition about now.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's the big hurry? What was that all about? Is it some sort of senility? It's hard to believe that she performed microsurgery on my elbow just a few weeks ago. How are you coming along with the bio-temporal chamber? If you really believe it will prolong her life? I think you have the family's consent. You should go ahead and do it. What does that mean? Maybe there's some kind of time paradox at work. See if you can confirm this theory about precognition. In the meantime, Tom and I will begin scanning for temporal anomalies. What did you have in mind? Doctor, any theory about what's causing this? Is there any way to stop Kes from continuing these jumps? That's quite a story. Well it's good to know we'll eventually get him back online. The main computer's been offline for weeks. Even if the sensor logs contain that information, we can't access them. We've only got life support on three out of fourteen decks, and we've had to divert all remaining power to knock out the Krenim's torpedo launchers. We don't even have a Sickbay anymore, much less the resources to create a bio-containment field. I'm sorry. I'm open to suggestions. Who the hell are they? I don't understand how these torpedoes are ripping right through our shields. Evacuate the deck. Tom, I need you at the conn. Kes, you seem to know something about these weapons. Do you have any idea how we can stop them? Mister Tuvok, you heard the man. Tom, bring us about. Fire! (The attacking ship goes KaBOOM!) [Mess hall] (A makeshift ward.) Do you have a casualty report? What about the ship? Make deck five your priority. We've got to get Sickbay up and running again. Kes, as far as what you say is happening to you Tom, I'm going to need you to stay here and treat these people. When this is over, we're all going to have a lot of grieving to do. Careful, Tom. You may find out that you leave Voyager only to join a monastery.
Debris? Something ripped it apart, and from the energy decay readings I'd say it was no more than an hour ago. I've got it too. It's like a wake, leading away from the debris field. I can't tell. I see it too. A subspace disruption. Brace for impact! I'm not afraid to say it. I've never seen anything like that before. I'm looking at the telemetry we've collected. It was an astral eddy that seems to have formed at the confluence of space and subspace. If we could harness some of that energy, we could go off replicator rations for a while. Be ready to move away quickly if it starts moving towards us. What about the plasma? Is there anyway we can transfer some of it to Voyager? Where's the probe? We've got another particle wake. Since we can't get plasma directly from the eddies, maybe we can collect some from their wakes. Right. [Shuttlecraft Cochrane] Yes, ma'am. [Sickbay]
We've completed long range scans. If we maintain our present course we'll enter a region of heavy tetryon radiation within two days. A three month detour. Source? Localise them. Seal off the deck. Go ahead. [Corridor] JANEWAY Acknowledged. [Mess hall] Neelix, get down! (Neelix duck and Chakotay fires. The two Voth become visible. Veer fires a dart into Chakotay's shoulder, who collapses. Tuvok stuns Veer. Gegen goes to Chakotay and beams out with him.) [Sickbay] Chakotay to Voyager. What do you want from me? Why did you invade our ship? Do you always harpoon the local wildlife? So you took me instead. That's right. Earth. Who are you? Look, drop the forcefield and tell me what's going on. Then maybe we can make first contact in a civilized way. For what it's worth I'm a scientist, too. Maybe I can help you find whatever it is you're looking for. I won't bite. Thanks. My name's Chakotay. All right, Gegen, let's talk about Earth. [Sickbay] If a saurian species had developed a language and technology, you'd think they would have left something behind. But, what if it evolved on am isolated continent? Earth has been devastated by countless natural disasters over the course of it's history. Asteroids, volcanoes, earthquakes. All evidence of your race could be at the bottom of the ocean or under kilometres of rock. And ended up here, in the Delta Quadrant. Next time you might try a simple hello first. I hope I've made a good impression. Well I suggest we get back to Voyager. Your friend Veer is probably sick of the mammalian food by now. Why not? Tell them we'll be late. What are you going to do? That might be difficult with the evidence standing right beside you. They've taken my ship. It sounds to me like we're all on trial here. If I may speak? Voyager's database contains a complete fossil record of my planet. Your genetic markers appear not only in humans but in hundreds of species throughout our history. That's a lot of random convergence. If you'd take a look at the data Gegen! It's you who are mistaken, Minister. You accuse Gegen of having his objectivity clouded by wishful thinking, but aren't you guilty of the same charge? I understand, but in a way your beliefs are. How you think about yourselves, your place in the universe, that is on trial. And this isn't the first time. I've had the opportunity over the last few days to learn something about your culture, your great accomplishments. Consider the breakthrough into Transwarp, an incredible achievement, and yet, your ancient Doctrine predicted terrible disasters if it were even attempted. That held your race back for millennia, until someone took a chance and challenged that prediction. They succeeded, and your society entered a new chapter of exploration, and your Doctrine was changed accordingly. I know from the history of my own planet that change is difficult. New ideas are often greeted with scepticism, even fear. But sometimes those ideas are accepted, and when they are progress is made. Eyes are opened. I see something very different, Minister. An ancient race of Saurians, probably the first intelligent life on Earth, surrounded by some of the most terrifying creatures that ever lived. And yet they thrived, developed language and culture and technology. And when the planet was threatened with disaster, they boldly launched themselves into space, crossed what must have seemed like unimaginable distances, facing the unknown every day. But somehow they stayed together, kept going, with the same courage that had served them before, until they reached this quadrant, where they laid the foundation of what has become the great Voth culture. Deny that past, and you deny the struggle and achievements of your ancestors. Deny your origins on Earth, and you deny your true heritage. I'm sorry. You were courageous, just as the Voth have always been from the first time they left Earth. There's something else I hope you never forget. (He gives Gegen a small globe of Earth.) Some day. Eyes open. Chakotay to Voyager. Energise. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
In the last three hours we've lost twenty two of our people. According to the Nyrians, they've all showed up on their colony as though we're switching places. Any idea what might be causing these transfers? In all fairness, Captain, they haven't been threatening in any way. They seem as puzzled by all this as we are. Cargo Bay two is almost full. We'll have to start converting the shuttle bays. I'll have to reassign more crewmembers to security. Our ranks are getting a little thin. Then how do we get it unsnagged? I think he's in Cargo Bay two now. Chakotay to Neelix. The Captain's gone. We need you to find a Nyrian scientist called Rislan and get him to Engineering as soon as you can. Do what you have to do to get some answers, B'Elanna. [Cargo Bay two] I can't spare anyone for repairs. You'll have to make do. How do you like your first day as Chief of Security, Ensign? Who says there's no room for advancement on this ship. How many people does that leave us? More than one hundred Nyrians. I want access to all systems restricted to authorised voice prints only. Seal off any part of the ship that we're not using and place security forcefields around sensitive areas. Warp core, armoury, torpedo bays. And let's hope I'm just being paranoid. [Engineering] What, all thirteen of them? What about the Nyrian scientist he was watching? Find him. That's a priority. To have a talk with the Nyrians. [Cargo Bay two] (The cargo bay is empty of life.) Chakotay to all hands. Security alert. The Nyrians may be trying to take control of the ship. Everyone, get to the bridge or main Engineering and secure them against possible intruders. [Jefferies tube] They're everywhere. They're even decrypting our access codes. The Nyrians obviously prepared for this before they got here. They must have tapped into our computer somehow, gotten enough information to plan this mission down to the letter. (Chakotay suddenly realises he is talking to himself.) Larsen? Chakotay to anybody who's left. Please respond. Anybody else? The two of us aren't going to win this, so we might as well make life as difficult for the Nyrians as we can. Sabotage everything you can get your hands on. Good luck. [Bridge] Let's hope so. Chakotay to Gennaro. They're trying to delete the Doctor's programme. Are you anywhere near Sickbay? Gennaro? Computer, how long ago did Crewman Gennaro leave the ship? Activate Emergency Medical Holographic programme. Doctor, over here. You're program's going to be deleted unless I can download you into the mobile emitter before I disappear, which should be any second now. (The Nyrians start to force open the door. The EMH hypos the first one, blocking the door.) Got it! (The EMH vanishes. Chakotay palms the mobile emitter as the other Nyrians enter.) All right. I know when to quit. [Habitat] Is this the way you operate, gradually changing places with the crew of a ship? What happens if we try to leave this little paradise? It's still a prison. A perfectly isolated area. Doesn't that seem a bit convenient? You're assuming the first one will work. I've got to give you credit, Tuvok, working on the fly with nothing but random parts, with no guide to follow. I never thought Vulcans had much of a knack for improvising. You could say that. This reminds me of those survival classes they put us through at the Academy. Surprise tactical simulations, getting dropped off in the woods with no chance to prepare. They certainly taught you to live by your wits. I guess so.
Where are you headed? Mind if I walk with you? So, how's it going? Tuvok still giving you a hard time? I don't know about you, but when I think about spending seventy years on the same ship with that guy, it gives me a headache. I get the impression a lot of the crew agrees with me. Maquis and Starfleet. [Turbolift]  Bridge. So, what do you think? About what I've been saying. That a lot of the crew aren't too happy with our Chief of Security. And for that matter, I don't think Captain Janeway's winning any popularity contests either. Don't you agree? Let's just say I'm interested in your opinion. You're a good officer. I like you. And I wouldn't want to see you get hurt. There're going to be some changes around here. All of the Maquis are in line, and about twenty five of the Starfleet crew are with us. And when the shooting starts, I'm going to need to know which side you're on. [Bridge] There's a first time for everything, I guess. Don't worry, Captain, I'll keep your ship safe and sound. Captain, I've been thinking. Are you sure you don't want to take Lieutenant Tuvok with you, just in case the Rukani turn out to be less friendly than they seem? Lieutenant, I want you to keep close tabs on the Captain's shuttle. Let's make sure she doesn't run into any trouble. Ensign, let's shut down those transporters and start that diagnostic we've been putting off. Have you finished upgrading the internal sensors, Ensign? (Torres is at Mission Ops 2.) I hope so. (Two security men enter by the door next to Tuvok's station. Chakotay takes a PADD from one of them.) Wait here. No, it's just tomorrow's duty roster. Thank you, Tuvok. Chakotay to all hands. Let's do it. You're wasting your time, Harry. All my teams have taken control of Security, Engineering and all key systems. That's going to be a little difficult. All your off-duty Starfleet friends have been locked down in quarters. (Kim is about to shoot Chakotay, but Ensign Torres gets him first.) I guess you've made your choice. Go ahead. Carlson, O'Donnell, get these people to the brig. Ayala, take the conn and move us out of com range of Janeway's shuttle. You're with me. [Turbolift]  Deck two. Thanks for watching my back in there. Are you okay? He's only stunned. We're not going to kill anybody today, unless it's absolutely necessary. Just stay close. [Corridor]  Stay low. We'll just have to shoot our way past them. Ready? (They shoot down the guards, one is taken out by a Bajoran woman with a phaser rifle.) Thanks for the help. Everybody, drop your weapons. We're still going to need a cook. Chakotay to Engineering. What's your status? Transporter rooms one and two, status. Shuttlebay, status. I'll take care of the prisoners here. You two get some help and start rounding up the personnel that are still locked down in quarters. Bring them to Cargo Bay one. Just like old times. [Corridor] Now is not the time, Seska. Take a good look around you. You're under armed guard. You may also notice that your senior officers aren't here. They're in the brig. They'll be put off the ship at the first habitable planet we come to. All except Janeway and Paris, who will arrive at their rendezvous coordinates to find that Voyager's not there. In short, I've taken control of the ship. I don't blame any of you for the mistakes of your leaders, so I'm giving you a choice. You can be put off the ship with your superiors or you can do what Neelix and some of your other crew members have already done and join me. If you do, you'll be part of a crew that's going to do whatever it takes to get us home as fast as possible. Under my command, we won't let almighty Federation principles get in the way of opportunities the way Janeway did when she destroyed the array that could have gotten us home. And we won't be wasting precious time stopping to investigate every insignificant anomaly that we come across. What we will do is use any means necessary to acquire technology that can shorten our journey. To hell with Starfleet regulations. You have fifteen minutes to make up your minds. It's been accessed forty seven times by thirty three different crew members. Anybody else? Besides, Tuvok, if the crew doesn't get an ending, you may have a real mutiny on your hands. I don't care what kind of story it is, as long as I'm not the bad guy this time.
Some bad news. The long range probe we sent out two months ago has stopped transmitting. This could be it, Captain. Borg space. [Briefing room] Before the probe was disabled, it picked up a narrow corridor of space devoid of Borg activity. We've nicknamed it the Northwest Passage. Exactly. We're going to set a course for that corridor. and go into full Tactical Alert. Where do we stand with weapons? We can use every edge. Ensign? Good work. Doctor, how are you coming on the medical front? Redouble your efforts. This is your top priority. Neelix, I doubt we can resupply the ship any time soon.  I want to cut down on the time it takes to seal off the decks. Exactly. And I want to increase the magnitude of the forcefields. [Sickbay] Some sort of premonitions? Red Alert. What's happening? My God. (The Borg cubes rush past, and Voyager is thrown too and fro in their wake. The last one slows in front of them.) Captain. If we needed any more evidence that we've entered Borg space, I think we just got it. We've just completed the latest sensor sweep. So far, so good. The Northwest Passage is still clear of Borg activity. According to my calculations, neither of us has eaten since last night. Join me for dinner? I see. And? Nothing. You sounded just like Amasov. Just now, while you were reading his log. You were using his inflections. Yes, you were. And before that, you were doing a pretty good Picard. It's nothing to be ashamed about. Echoing the Greats. Ensign Hickman in Astrophysics does a passable Janeway. If that moment comes. we'll face it together. And we'll make the right decision. You're not alone, Kathryn. All of them? Lifesigns? Let's not jump to conclusions. Scan the vicinity for other vessels. This could be a space-dwelling organism or a biological weapon. Tractor beam? Tuvok, Harry, you're with me. [Borg Cube] (The metal creaks, and sparks fly. The away team are armed with phaser rifles.) This way. (A pair of Borg are trying to make repairs.) The alien bio-readings are getting stronger. We're close. That's not the word I had in mind. Let's keep moving. (They reach their goal.) It looks like the bio-mass dissolved right through the Borg hull. There's a chamber beyond this opening. Forty meters wide, high concentrations of antimatter particles. It looks like a warp propulsion system of some kind. There doesn't seem to be anybody on board. Chakotay to Voyager. Captain, we've found an entrance to the biomass. We think it may be a ship of some kind. Permission to go inside. Harry, that's a Borg distribution node. See if you can download their tactical database. It might contain a record of what happened here. Tuvok. [Alien Bioship] (Lots of curves in stark contrast to the Borg angles.) They seem to be organic conduits. They're carrying electrodynamic fluid. Maybe. This looks like a binary matrix, but it's laced with neuropeptides. Could be their version of a computer core. (Kim hears some clanging sounds and goes to investigate, then returns to his work.) Go ahead. [Bridge]  It's within seven metres. Let's get out of here! [Bridge]  The lifeform's five metres away and closing. Is anything known about where they come from? Get the Captain. [Bridge] It's clear of Borg activity for a very good reason. On screen. (Lots of ships zooming out of a bright light.) Some kind of parallel universe? Just one. Flying into that corridor would mean certain death. We'd be turning around, but we wouldn't be giving up. We may find another way home. Kathryn, you haven't slept in two days. Try getting some rest, and clearing your head. We're safe for the moment. We can tell the crew tomorrow, if we have to. I didn't want the others to hear this, but I think what you're proposing is too great a risk. There's a story I heard as a child, a parable, and I never forgot it. A scorpion was walking along the bank of a river, wondering how to get to the other side. Suddenly he saw a fox. He asked the fox to take him on his back across the river. The fox said no. If I do that you'll sting me, and I'll drown. The scorpion assured him. If I did that, we'd both drown. So the fox thought about it and finally agreed. So the scorpion climbed up on his back, and the fox began to swim. But halfway across the river, the scorpion stung him. As the poison filled his veins, the fox turned to the scorpion and said why did you do that? Now you'll drown too. I couldn't help it, said the scorpion. It's my nature. Even if we do somehow negotiate an exchange, how long will they keep up their end of the bargain? It could take months to cross Borg territory. We'd be facing thousands of systems, millions of vessels. There are other kinds of courage. Like the courage to accept that there are some situations beyond your control. Not every problem has an immediate solution. Yes. We should get out of harm's way. Let them fight it out. In the meantime, there's still plenty of Delta Quadrant left to explore. We may find another way home. How much is our safety worth? We'd be giving an advantage to a race guilty of murdering billions. We'd be helping the Borg assimilate yet another species just to get ourselves back home. It's wrong! I don't think you really believe that. I think you're struggling to justify your plan, because your desire to get this crew home is blinding you to other options. I know you, Kathryn. Sometimes you don't know when to step back. That isn't the issue. I still have to tell you what I believe. I'm no good to you if I don't do that. You're the Captain. I'm the First Officer. I'll follow your orders. That doesn't change my belief that we're making a fatal mistake.  Where did that ship come from? Can you get a lock on the Captain? Report. Get her out of there and break us free of the Cube. Stand by all weapons. Compensate. On screen. Captain? How do you propose we begin this collaboration? It's not necessary for you to stay there. We can set up a comlink with the Borg and All right. As long as we're cooperating, maybe the Borg would be willing to disengage their tractor beam. We can match their course without a leash. You heard the Captain. [Sickbay] Assimilating it. Good work. Let me know when he's back on his feet. Leave that to the Captain. This situation is unpredictable so we're going to stay at full Red Alert. Keep all information about the nanoprobes stored in your holo-matrix. Keep a transporter lock on both of them. Try matching their shield frequencies. I don't want to hear what we can't do, Lieutenant! Just find a way to get our people out of there if we have to. Match their course and speed. At this point, I'm getting used to it. It's Kes. The Doctor believes that the aliens are accessing her memory. I've ordered long range scans for bioships. Nothing so far. Chakotay out. Glad you could join us, Mister Kim. Not too much. Take your station, Ensign. Shields. Keep a lock on the Away Team. Brace for impact! (The bioship fires at the Cube section next to Voyager. It's energy weapon lances its way inside, hitting a console next to Janeway and knocking her out. The Cube changes course, hitting the bioship. They both go mega-KaBOOM! Voyager rocks in the wake of the explosion.) The Cube? Go ahead, Tuvok. Where are you? Tuvok. Tuvok? Secure that deck. Security Team to Cargo Bay two. Paris, you have the bridge. [Cargo Bay Two] (Tuvok and Janeway are out cold. Chakotay and two security guards are armed with rifles. There are some Borg computer components around, too.) For now they're contained. They've assimilated Cargo Bay two and they're drawing energy from the secondary power couplings. Not yet. I've sealed off decks nine through thirteen and posted security details at every access point. Already done. How far did you get on the weapon? Make sure those Borg stay put. I want tactical updates every twenty minutes. Stand by for now. I understand. In our medical bay, recovering. You'll be dealing with me now. I'd say so. I've been giving that some thought. I'm willing to let you stay on board. We'll continue to work with you on the weapon. Once we're safely out of Borg territory we'll give you the nanoprobes, shake hands and part company. Even at maximum warp, that's a five day journey in the wrong direction. We're supposed to be heading out of Borg space, not deeper into it. Look, I'll honour the original agreement, but I'm not turning this ship around. It's too dangerous. I'll think about it. A five day trip back into the heart of Borg territory. It's too risky. With those drones and the nanoprobes on board, we might as well have a bull's-eye painted on our hull. We're a prime target for Species 8472. We'd never survive another attack. I'm going to end this alliance here and now. We're going to drop the Borg off on the next uninhabited planet, give them the nanoprobes and take our chances alone. They can wait for a Borg ship to pick them up and finish the weapon. I'm in command now and I have to do what I think is best for this crew. Tom, I want you to scan for the nearest uninhabited planet and set a course. We'll see. Bring that female drone to the Ready room. Dismissed. [Ready room] Once we've beamed you to the surface, we'll send down the nanoprobes and all our research. This isn't open for discussion. I'm not turning this ship around. You're getting what you wanted. I suggest we part ways amicably. If a single drone steps one millimetre out of that Cargo Bay, I'll decompress the entire deck. You won't pose much of a threat floating in space. Escort our guest back to the Cargo Bay. [Sickbay] (Chakotay briefs his comatose Captain.) Well, I've made my decision. If it were only a matter of going against the orders of my superior officer. You're more than just my Captain. You're my friend. I hope you'll understand. [Cargo Bay Two] It'll do. Take us out of warp and enter orbit. Tuvok. Stand by to transport the Borg directly from the Cargo Bay. After they're on the surface, have security run a sweep of Cause? Shut them out. Reverse course. Bridge to Cargo Bay Two. Stop what you're doing, or I'll depressurise that deck and blow you out into space. This is your final warning. Do it! (Borg drones are expelled from Voyager. Seven manages to hang on in the Jefferies tube.) Report. Let's see. (The viewscreen shows a murky brown green expanse.) Paris, repressurise Cargo Bay two. Tuvok. [Cargo Bay Two] You've been here before. How else could you know about fluidic space? Why? Why were you here? You started this war, didn't you? What's the matter, our galaxy wasn't big enough for you? You had to conquer new territory? But this race fought back. A species as malevolent as your own. I've got a better idea. Why don't you open that rift again and take us back? Go ahead. On my way. [Sickbay] (Janeway is up and back in uniform.) Captain? The Collective ordered me to reverse course, travel forty light years back the way we came. What would you have done? In my mind, the alliance was already over. Trust had nothing to with it. I made a tactical decision. They have taking advantage of us from day one. They lied. The Borg started the war with Species 8472. We've only got one Borg left to worry about. We should try to disable her and get back to the Delta Quadrant. We might be able to duplicate the deflector protocols they used to open a singularity. I was linked to a Collective once, remember? I had a neurotransceiver embedded in my spine. I know who we're dealing with. We've got to get rid of that last Borg and take our chances alone. It will be your undoing. Our conflicted nature. Our individuality. Seven of Nine said that we lack the cohesion of a Collective mind. That one day it would divide us and destroy us. And here we are, proving her point. Am I interrupting? The old-fashioned way. The Doctor says she's stabilising. Her human cells are starting to regenerate. You plan to keep her on board. She was assimilated at a very young age. The Collective's all she knows. She might not want to stay. I want you to know that disobeying your orders was one of the most difficult things I've ever had to do. Agreed. No argument there. (We are given a last lingering look at Seven on a biobed, one small implant blinking.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Ship's status report. We've got two teams on the hull, stripping off the Borg armour. They're working around the clock but it's still slow going. Torres is having problems cleaning out the plasma relays. It's disrupting the antimatter reaction. Until she's got it fixed we're stuck at impulse. She's requesting all personnel with a level three engineering rating or higher to lend a hand. Long range sensors are picking up residual transwarp signatures, Borg vessels. They passed by probably three days ago. Having half our propulsion system overrun by Borg implants doesn't make repairs any easier. That might be true if she were willing, but she's not in the most cooperative mood. Our Borg? For all we know, Annika and her parents were the first humans the Borg ever assimilated. So she was raised by the Borg. It's the only life she ever really knew. If you were thinking of bringing her into the fold, that might not be possible. She's bypassed our security protocols. It's too late. [Kes' quarters] Increase the structural integrity field on deck two. Chakotay here. Captain? Captain, we can't get a lock. [Corridor] What's happening? Emergency containment fields. Acknowledged. (The shuttlecraft flies out of the bay and goes up.) Systems coming back online.
