Ghlungit !tak nekleet.
Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.)
I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife.
If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense.
They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir.
That means we discovered it. Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance.
The dampening field's down.
Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir?
Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] Bridge to Captain Archer. It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.)
I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.)
Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room]
We still have twenty minutes. We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice.
Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond.
They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. It's Admiral Forrest.
Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir.
I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you?
We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast.
Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them.
Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you.
No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us.
That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations.
It's Admiral Forrest, sir.
How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters?
They're ordering us to leave their system immediately or they'll destroy us.
We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge]
Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir.
Try again. [Settlement] (The furniture is being arranged inside the module.)
We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him?
If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship]
The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off)
So you're saying all of that happened in eight seconds?
Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.)
Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing.
Enterprise.
We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.)
I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain.
We're being hailed. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess]
Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge]
There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.)
No, sir.
Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.)
 Captain.
There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset.
Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now? Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter.
Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.
You're being hailed, Captain. 
Come in. This is a nice surprise.
 Is this seat taken? (The MACOs all stand.)  There's an audio message coming in from the mine foreman.  Both shuttlepods have left the surface.
 They're trying to download our database.  While I was translating the cargo manifest, something caught my eye. Look at these markings. I had to double-check, but I was pretty sure that I had seen this ideography before. This is a piece of the Xindi probe that crashed on Earth. At least three of the symbols are an exact match. [Brig]
Right about the time the Xindi were here. Captain. A body. (A very burnt body.) Maybe it was one of the other two. Are you all right? Why are you talking to her? She's trying to delay us. Our people are there. Don't trust her. She's not one of us. Urquat? Tell me. What was it like? Someone's coming.
I know. News travels fast on a starship. I'm Ensign Hoshi Sato. I just happen to be going that way. (They start walking.) I'm the ship's Communications Officer. I'd love to hear your language. [Turbolift]
Several times. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Go ahead, Commander. Bridge to Commander Tucker. We're receiving a transmission from the Captain. It sounds urgent. Go ahead, Captain.
Captain, are you all right? I think it's time to come get me. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Ensign Sato has returned to Enterprise, but without any new information on the Xindi. I'm hoping T'Pol's analysis of the second sphere will bring better news. [Command centre]
We've modified  [Transporter alcove]
We’re receiving a haul through the subspace buoy. It’s Starfleet. Bridge to Captain Tucker. You'd better get up here, sir.
 The story she told you was basically true, Captain. The Skagaran ship brought them here to provide labour for a colony they were trying to establish.
Numerous injuries throughout the ship. Mostly minor, except for one. Commander Tucker. He's been taken to Sickbay. [Deleted scene - Bridge] That's very good. We just showed you this book. How do you know about the Martian machines? Your mum? Captain, I'm reading one person in there. [Launch bay]
We've modified the radiolitic signature. If you can get it on board their ship, I'll be able to track it.
Their sensors are pretty sophisticated. They might see us long before then. That you'd been captured by the insectoids. There were reports that you had been executed. They're coming in. One one two seven point four by four zero five two by three nine zero one point one. It's not in here, sir. [Shuttle] (They fight, Archer gets cut but overpowers Degra just as Tucker, Travis and the MACO burst in.) Why would he encrypt the coordinates if they weren't accurate?
Military Assault Command. They're coming in. Captain, I'm picking up an intermittent signal. Very faint.
Ensign Sato to the Doctor.
It's an insectoid, three biosigns aboard. Their main deflector's charging. They could be trying to open a vortex. Almost. Understood. [Ready room] I'm sorry, Major. (Hayes starts to back up to open a comm. channel himself, and Travis jumps him. One Starfleet and two MACOs get stunned. Reed holds a pistol to Hayes' head.) It's Commander Tucker.
If Commander Tucker wants to speak insectoid I have to get this No response.
My mother always wanted me to take piano lessons. I should have listened to her. I've gone through the databanks. Just your standard navigational operational files, but I did find one document. An engineer asking his supervisors for additional parts. Here's a translation. The names of Degra's children. [Command centre] We have another hull breach, on E deck.
Scanning all frequencies. Nothing so far. We're receiving a transmission. It's Degra. He's telling us to follow him. (Archer nods and they follow the little ship back into nothing.) They're hailing us. Captain, the temperature in Lieutenant Reed's suit is over forty four degrees. Forty six degrees. Captain, Degra's hailing us.
Bridge to Captain Archer. Could you come out here, sir? [Bridge]
Bridge to Captain Archer. We've picked up several Xindi vessels. They're closing on our position. Bridge. Bridge to Captain Archer. Five Insectoid ships are descending toward the surface. (A circular section of the planet surface splits into four and a big metal sphere thing comes out.) [Bridge]
Maybe you should have applied yourself more. I'm not a cryptologist. That's very flattering, but you'll have to manage on your own. I'm to bypass the Aquatic encryption protocols. I'm not familiar with these cyphers. I'm trying.
I'm not feeling very well. Do you think you can get Phlox to come down here? I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be doing. I gave them the third code. They wouldn't have been able to arm the weapon if I hadn't given them the third code. I did. I should have fought harder. I tried to jump but I wasn't fast enough. You've got the three codes so why don't you just kill me? Didn't you say you're going to kill me? I understand. [Weapon control platform] I've found the sequence, but decrypting it's another story. Your friend Degra didn't make this easy. The first time you came to visit me in Brazil. I had a bug then, too. A tropical bacterium not a reptilian parasite. I was sick as a dog but I wanted to make a good impression. Or reptiles. Start with the third one from the left. (He takes a big lighted rod and turns it upside down. Now it glows red.) The second from the right. (As he completes that one, there is weapons fire.) I'm all right. The first one on the left is next. [Reptilian Bridge] Number four. The fourth one from the left. Yes, yes. Number five is the last one after you disable the reactor. (Archer reverses the rod.) With all due respect to Phlox, I wouldn't miss this for the world. Strange. They're not responding. I've rotated through all the frequencies. I already tried.
That was Winston Churchill. I picked that up half an hour ago. I've also intercepted several military dispatches and their radio programme, something called The Shadow. I've lost them. I'm picking up another signal. It's faint. Captain! (She rushes over and hugs him.)
Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission. It's Vosk. [Bridge]
So, what's the verdict? Am I going to live? I hope you're going to make it tonight. Madame Chang's. Don't tell me that you forgot. Wait. No, you've been talking about the egg-drop soup at this place for as long as I've known you. I spoke with Travis. What happened to you the other night? So you're going to stay aboard the ship because of some loudmouth in a bar? This isn't the way to deal with prejudice. The best thing is to show your face and remind people that there are aliens who don't want to blow up the planet. I'll bring you some take-out. [Starfleet HQ]
The Borderland? Sorry I asked. We're cleared for launch. No response. (Another thud. The ships drop out of warp for the shooting match.) [Engineering] (Things are going bang all over the place.) They're hailing us. The Klingons are requesting to dock. [Ready room] (Reed and a MACO are also present.)
We're being hailed. There was a spike. Then the signal was gone. The sequence is coming up. Transmitting. Ten seconds to auto-destruct. (Suddenly there's a nasty noise.) It's some kind of feedback pulse. It's the signal we sent. It's being amplified a thousand percent. Comm.'s dead.
They're opening their shuttlebay doors. We're being hailed. It's Soong. It's been programmed with seven Klingon dialects. An automated beacon. It's very faint. It could be a distress signal. They're hailing us. They're closing. They're extending their docking port.
Here! (She catches the ball but her shot is deflected to a stationary Phlox, who easily puts it through the hoop.) Time to switch sides again, Doctor.
Should I try to get him back? [T'Kareth Sanctuary] They've been fired on. They took damage, but they're heading back to Enterprise. Three ships closing on our position. SATO: We're being hailed. It's Administrator V'Las. That one missed us by twenty metres. V'Las. Hull breach on C Deck. They're reporting casualties. V'Las is hailing. Audio only.
We're being hailed. He's not in his quarters or anywhere on D deck. It's the particle flux in the nebula, it's overloading the sensors. It's the Vulcans. They'll be here in two hours. He's hailing us again. It's Shran. One of the Andorian ships is in trouble. Their reactor's been hit. The cruiser's breaking off its attack. Shran's hailing. Hull breach on G deck. We're venting atmosphere. (Then the bombardment stops.) We're being hailed. It's the High Command.
I can't wait to get back. Sifting through a Klingon garbage dump. Not my idea of exploring strange new worlds. Not a chance, sir. And a latrine. Commander? What's wrong?! Shuttlepod One to Enterprise. [Bridge] Yes, sir. At least in simulations. [Bridge] Understood. [Bridge] Doctor, should we start with the bio-gel? Before Commander Tucker passed out, he started coughing. I'm not coughing anymore. Neither are you. Maybe we're getting better. Something for our symptoms. Strain of what? Let me guess. Doctor Andromeda builds a monster, and it kills him in the end. All your movies are the same. I can't keep the stories straight. I got kicked out. In my second month, I had a difference of opinion with the Company Commander. I broke his arm. Poker. He tried to shut down a game I was running for some of the recruits, and a couple of the training staff. The way the regulations are worded, gambling was an honour violation only if it took place during duty hours. So I ran the game on weekends. One night my C.C. showed up, tried to sweep all the chips off the table, and I. Well, I have a black belt in aikido. I think he was just upset that I hadn't invited him to play. I got a bad conduct discharge. Starfleet needed language specialists more than they needed to make an example out of me. They let me back in on probation, and here I am. [Sickbay] That's not how it works. There are a lot of common patterns. I'm just good at hearing them, that's all. I wish I could fix warp engines with duct tape and a pocket knife. Seriously. Engineering, building things. have you always been good at that? How old were you? We didn't see you there. They both came to see us. Maybe that means they're almost finished. I was back in Brazil. The shuttle was coming to take me to Enterprise. Captain Archer needed me early. I didn't get the chance to say goodbye to my students. Yo se que estoy atrasada. Enterprise no se va hasta manana. Solo necesito cinco minutos. (in Klingon) Math is just another language. (The red light goes green, the door opens and alarms go off in the corridor.) [Bridge] Haye nuzhno skazat dosvidaniya. I need to tell them while there's still time. So am I. Because the desire to overcome it will spur them to move beyond the limitations of the physical world. It was true for us. [Sickbay] (Phlox spots them on the monitor.) Humans say they avoid it, but their words don't match. (She looks around.) We're being observed. [Sickbay] (The doors open.)  You're breaking every rule we have. That is not our decision to make. We have to leave them as they are. Then we agree. Then how would we ever learn about you? Talking is a limited form of communication for us. We're much more advanced than humans. We're leaving now, Captain. You won't remember a thing about our presence. And in three hours, you'll die as well. Are you defying me? In time, we'll study other humans.
Captain Archer to the Bridge. [Bridge]
The Andorian tradition Shran wants to follow is called the Ushann. Basically, it's a duel to the death. It's an ice-miner's tool. Andorians play with them as children. A Tellarite won't stand a chance using one against Shran. What are you doing here? Barbaric, if you ask me. Code of the Ushann. T'Pol wants me to go over it again. See if I can find a way out of this mess. She wants me to find a loophole. Some way to forfeit without offending the Andorians. How does that help us? That rule only applies if he's married. Even if we could, something tells me the Andorians would cry foul. There are twelve thousand amendments to this ridiculous honour code. There has got to be one that can get him out of this. If the Captain wins, Shran's dead. The alliance falls apart. Not recently. How did he get out of it? Don't try and block with this. When he swings, intercept, deflect, and hook it away. We've got company, alliance ships.
Tactical Alert. All hands to battle stations.
The Klingons are jamming everything. [Laboratory] (A klaxon sounds.) I can't get through. Commander. I've broken through their jamming frequencies.
They're responding. (The caller is green, wearing leather and with bits of metal on his head.) What've you got for a headache? (Phlox is not entirely steady on his feet.) A few hours. What is it? Is she all right? It's probably just stress. Or it could be our new passengers. I'm just not used to seeing guys trip over themselves like that. If you ask me, it's pumping a little too hard. Why? Phlox! I thought you just had one. They're not responding. He's hailing us. He's hailing. Don't listen. Captain!
(in flimsy black negligee) What do you think you're doing? This is supposed to be your sanctuary. A place to get away from status reports. (She turns off the monitor and kisses him.) And probably the only one who doesn't want to slip a knife in your back. I heard the battle went well at Tau Ceti. Word on the ship is the war may be over soon. I'll go back to Brazil, start teaching again. You'll accept a comfortable desk job at Headquarters. We'll have the weekends. Forget about the war. This is our time. [Outside Turbolift] (Forrest's bodyguard opens the door to reveal Reed and a female MACO. The Bodyguard is shot, Forrest reaches for his weapon but Archer and MACO Travis (complete with earring) comes from behind and take it off him.) You didn't receive a communiqué from Starfleet. I would have known if something came through. A mutiny. Didn't think you had it in you. Where's Captain Forrest? How do I know that you didn't push him out of an airlock? (He shows her Forrest in the Brig, on his desk monitor.) I want to talk to him. Is that all you need? You've never forgiven me for leaving. I'm sorry if I hurt you. Just as you did. You should've been Captain from the moment we left Spacedock. You've always known that. If it hadn't been for all those Admirals conspiring behind your back, Enterprise would have been yours. Tradition says that whatever belonged to the previous Captain is yours for the taking. It's demanding to be released. My people will find your ship and destroy it. Something about your maternal ancestor. I agree. I agree. (Archer gestures for the temperature to go up again.) The ship is in the Vintaak system at a facility orbiting the gas giant. (A strange noise starts up.) It hasn't been that good in a long time. The things a girl will give up for her career. Of course. What was it? What's wrong? Well, it couldn't have been easy with T'Pol looking over his shoulder. What's going on? How did you learn all this? Another Terran Empire? Another Starfleet? I'm picking up a transmission. It's coming from Decon. Three ships are moving toward our position. One of the Tholian ships is hailing us. [USS Defiant - Bridge] Four more ships. They're jamming us. (The Tholian ships start to create their web around Enterprise.) No damage. They can see us. (Things start to go bang) Hull plating's down. We've lost power on decks C, D and E. What do you think you're doing?
 The Tholians can see us!
It's not about who gets credit. I just updated them with a few things we picked up on the mission. Hmm? (She's working on a translator device.) HOSHI: No word yet from Trip or T'Pol. Six of the universal translators started confusing Rigelian with Andorian. There's a glitch somewhere, but I can't find it. You accidentally triggered an ID protocol in the network. I tracked it back to the source. No response, sir. They're sending a subspace message on all frequencies.
He's on every frequency. The signal's going system-wide. Everything's jammed. I won't hesitate, sir. I still do. I'm just better at hiding it. Understood. [Orpheus Mining Facility] (Tucker is working on the targeting scanners as ordered.) Paxton will need two minutes to power up the array before he can fire. It's enough. I won't destroy the array unless we have no other choice. I'm following orders. I'm sorry, sir. Actually, I can only be relieved by a higher ranking officer in my chain of command. Belay that order. I won't risk exposing our position by breaking radio silence. I know what I'm doing. [Orpheus Mining Facility] (The lock is blown and the away team enter.) Take us in. Full impulse. Charge weapons. [Orpheus Central Control] Standing by. [Orpheus Central Control] They really want to postpone the conference? Excuse me, sir. Sato, go ahead. [Archer's quarters] We're in the mess hall. [Archer's quarters] No, I don't see him, sir. [Corridor] Wait here, sir. [Corridor] (She meets Reed and Travis just outside the Mess hall.) Samuels is in here. He's safe. [Outside the Turbolift]
Ghlungit !tak nekleet.
Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding
I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife.
If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense.
They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir.
That means we discovered it. Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance.
Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back?
Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir?
I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] Bridge to Captain Archer. It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.)
I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.)
Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town]
Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond.
They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. It's Admiral Forrest.
How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir.
I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you?
I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land.
Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them.
I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you.
We're being hailed.
I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn.
Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. They're charging weapons.
(in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.)
Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire.
Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents.
Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing.
It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates,
The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it.
I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir.
The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off)
These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.)
Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing.
Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? Captain, I'm picking up a transmission.
A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.)
I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain.
We're being hailed. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess]
Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge]
We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.)
No, sir.
Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.)
Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond.
The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset.
Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now? Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter.
Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.
  I'm picking up weapons fire on E deck, the starboard airlock.    We're being hailed, Commander. It's the Tellarite ship. 
He's speaking to Admiral Forrest. It’s the third time in the last hour. They're not responding. They want you, sir. They're saying they won't destroy Enterprise if you surrender to them. Archer's an enemy of the Empire. He must be brought to justice if honour's to be regained. I think I might need to brush up on my Japanese. That'll make life a whole lot easier. Not so magical. I haven't read it yet. Captain, I'm sending these books home to my mother. It'll give me more shelf space. There's been a lot written about alien languages since we've been gone. My mother. Thought it was time to upgrade my civvies. Why would you think that? And that means I'm not capable of handling myself on the new mission? I don't know what's inside this Expanse, sir, but I think I've proven that I can handle myself in difficult situations and even provide a little help along the way. I assume you have no problem with my remaining on board. We've been in here for more then six hours. Aye, sir. We're being hailed. The Expanse is ahead, Captain.
 Is this seat taken? (The MACOs all stand.)  There's an audio message coming in from the mine foreman.  Both shuttlepods have left the surface.
Our transceiver's offline. There would still be some residual particles. Bridge to Captain Archer. Pretty close. Less than a kilometre, but we need to have the access codes. Go ahead. We're not close enough. Another fifty metres. I'm into the computer. I haven't found the Xindi database. I'm losing them. I've found it, Captain. A few minutes. They're getting too far away. I'm losing the comm. link again. About a third of it. I'm back in. I've got eighty percent, eighty five. I've got ninety percent.
Right about the time the Xindi were here. Captain. A body. (A very burnt body.) Maybe it was one of the other two. Are you all right? Why are you talking to her? She's trying to delay us. Our people are there. Don't trust her. She's not one of us. Urquat? Tell me. What was it like? Someone's coming.
Can I help you?
[OC]: Bridge to Captain Archer. Several times. Three point two light years, bearing oh one six mark twelve. Aye, sir. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. It's altered the course of [Asteroid] HOSHI Go ahead, Commander. Understood. [Seleya Engineering] (They enter through a ceiling hatch.) Bridge to Commander Tucker. We're receiving a transmission from the Captain. It sounds urgent. Go ahead, Captain.
Hello? Ensign Sato to Security. Maybe our sensors missed something. That I'm imagining things? I thought that was called paranoia. What I saw wasn't a shadow. Are there any more tests that you can run? The last few days I've had the strangest feeling that I am being watched. I've heard whispering down corridors, in my quarters. Could I have been exposed to something that's making me hallucinate? So basically this is all in my head. Great. It's not a good sign when you start to see things that aren't there. I should get going. T'Pol's asked me to translate a section of the Xindi database. [Command centre] TARQUIN Ensign Sato to Lieutenant Reed. I need help in the Command Centre. Who are you? How did you get on board? What do you want? I am not imagining it, Captain. With respect, sir, I know that my mind can be overactive sometimes, but that is not what's happening. This is real. Isn't it about feeding time? Would you mind? I'm really not that tired. That's strange. It's. When the alien communicates with me, it's almost like he's inside my head, looking at things through my eyes, experiencing what I'm experiencing, and talking to him is like talking to myself. Does that make any sense? What? Why me? What do you want? (The scene changes to a conservatory.) I don't think that'll be possible. He's saving that for my visit. I think he wants to help. He was horrified that seven million of us were killed. He says he's willing to use his abilities to help us find the Xindi. I think that's reason enough to meet with him. We don't have the luxury of dealing with one problem at a time anymore, sir. If he can tell us something about the Xindi weapon it's worth the risk. I can take care of myself, Captain. [Tarquin's study] (Archer opens a case containing the 'future' element of the Xindi weapon.) Thanks. I need a minute. I think that falls under the goes without saying category, sir. I'll keep it under my pillow. Do you always eat like this? Thank you. (sits) You have certainly done your homework. What's this? You know, my stomach is a little unsettled. Since you seen to know so much about my past, I think it's only fair that I know a little about yours. Where are you from? What do you mean? Are you reading my mind continuously? This is great, but I'm pretty tired. I'm sure there's enough to keep me occupied. Thank you. I won't, I'll be busy with this. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you. I'm about halfway through. Aren't you supposed to know me better than that? It's an interesting language, reminds me of medieval Klingon. Any progress? That's what we've heard. Do you know where they're building the weapon? What's this? (The egg.) Is that possible? I think so. How do you make sense of all that? Maybe later. I should let you get back to your work. Thanks. (She wanders though the conservatory, then out onto a) [Balcony] (It's cold and windy. She sees a series of gravestones ranged below in the dusting of snow.) Is this why you didn't want me out here? Who are they? How did they die? How old are you? Who were they? And the other three? You're right. We should go back inside. You know that Enterprise is on an important mission. I just can't abandon my duties. Do you really expect me to spend the rest of my life on a desolate world with someone I have known for less than two days? I am grateful for your help and I'm happy to stay here while you work, but I have no intention of becoming your next companion. [Conservatory] (She leaves the alien Tarquin behind, and walks straight into the human version.) If you think projecting yourself as human is going to make me change my mind, you're mistaken. You obviously misinterpreted a few memories, because this situation is very different. I don't need you to help me do that. I already told you, I'm not interested. What I'm thinking is none of your business! Leave me alone. Leave me alone! (She goes to leave but he's in front of her again.) Thank you for all your help. I can't stay here, you know that. The next time you invite someone for a visit, you might want to let them know you're looking for a life-long companion. I was hoping you'd say that. I'm nearly done, and I'm anxious to see how it ends. It'll be good to get back to Enterprise. Glad I could help, sir. I assume you told him that wouldn't be possible. I'll go back to my quarters and pick up a few things. I should brief my replacement on the UT upgrades. At least give me a chance to say goodbye to the crew! It won't take long. Sir, I might not see my friends again. Travis? I was just thinking about Travis. You're a regular mind reader. Where is Captain Archer? Where is he? Where is Captain Archer! What is that supposed to mean? What's happened to Enterprise? Let me speak to Captain Archer. Why the hell not? Why can't I speak to Captain Archer? You would kill over eighty people to keep me here? I'm counting on that. Now, undo whatever you've done to my ship or you will never contact anyone again with this thing. As long as I'm with you. Another sixty, seventy years, and then what. (holds it ready to drop on the floor) What'll you do when I'm grave number five out there? Without this you will never find another companion. You will be alone for the rest of your life. This is your last chance. [Bridge] Captain, are you all right? I think it's time to come get me. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Ensign Sato has returned to Enterprise, but without any new information on the Xindi. I'm hoping T'Pol's analysis of the second sphere will bring better news. [Command centre] What are you doing here? You can't do this. I don't want you watching me. Why now? He came to my quarters. He gave me these coordinates. A Xindi colony. He said they're building part of the weapon there. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Who are you? What do you want? A Xindi colony. He said they're building part of the weapon there. [Weapon construction area] It's the Captain. Go ahead, sir. The radiolytic signature. If you can get it onboard their ship, I'll be able to track it.  [Forest] Loud and clear.
Captain! (Everyone stares in horror at the viewscreen, as the Xindi weapon blasts Earth into tiny pieces.) [Archer and T'Pol's home] (Archer wakes in a light, airy room. His hair is shot through with grey. He goes through to the kitchen where T'Pol is pouring orange juice.) I’m reading more anomalies ahead. We’re receiving a haul through the subspace buoy. It’s Starfleet. They’re locking on to the starboard docking port. I’m reading twenty three intruders on decks C, D and E. They’re hailing us. Not everyone, sir. He’s moving. Bridge to Captain Tucker. You'd better get up here, sir.  I'm getting a signal from one of our sentry probes. Six Xindi ships have entered the system. Aye, sir. Two of their ships are breaking off. They’re following us. Still heading towards the planet. (As Enterprise leads the two ships off, two more appear at the rear and attack the intruders.) The other Xindi ships have changed their heading.  Intrepid’s taken a direct hit. They’ve lost their port nacelle. Hull breaches on B deck, C deck!
I'm still working on the translation, sir. There are a lot of reports of disciplinary problems, and then six months after they arrived, the logs end.
Numerous injuries throughout the ship. Mostly minor, except for one. Commander Tucker. He's been taken to Sickbay. [Deleted scene - Bridge] That's very good. We just showed you this book. How do you know about the Martian machines? Your mum? Captain, I'm reading one person in there. [Launch bay]
 They're locking onto the starboard docking port.
For a moment, I thought he was going to give you the co-ordinates. I may have something here, sir. I think these are fragments from a personal file. There are parts of a letter from someone named Degra. No. There's a reference to a planet he visited recently, Azati Prime. I've recovered a letter Degra wrote to his wife a few months ago. Her name's Naara. They have two children. This is going to be a rough one, sir. [Shuttle] (It is, and Degra falls over while Archer nearly falls out of his seat.) I've got it. The Captain's certainly drinking a lot. There's something in his hand. Piral and Jaina. [Shuttle]
Military Assault Command. They're coming in. Captain, I'm picking up an intermittent signal. Very faint.
Ensign Sato to the Doctor. You did this. You said we'd be safe. You promised us! (Phlox backs away, falls over, then sees Hoshi lying peacefully on her bed.)
There is a reference to a planet he visited recently. Azati Prime.
If Commander Tucker wants to speak insectoid I have to get this No response.
I thought Insectoid was tough. They're still hailing us.
Scanning all frequencies. Nothing so far. We're receiving a transmission. It's Degra. He's telling us to follow him. (Archer nods and they follow the little ship back into nothing.) They're hailing us. Captain, the temperature in Lieutenant Reed's suit is over forty four degrees. Forty six degrees. Captain, Degra's hailing us.
We're within visual range. (A rear view shows an identical ship approaching them.) I don't think that's Colombia. (A magnified image shows the markings NX01 Enterprise.) We're being hailed. I don't know. It was probably in their database but I didn't look it up. Some things are better left a mystery. How about you, did you get married? A MACO? How well do you know her? Yeah? You should ask her out. So, Lieutenant, who'd you end up with? On the other Enterprise. Did you get married, have kids? Women only make up a third of the crew. There were bound to be a few bachelors left over. Me too. See you later, sir. (They leave, and a blonde crewwoman comes in looking around.) They've undocked. No response. We've lost power on C deck. Bridge to Captain Archer. Could you come out here, sir? [Bridge] It's Degra. He's hailing us.
Bridge to Captain Archer. We've picked up several Xindi vessels. They're closing on our position. It depends on which dialect. There are sixty seven. When Aquatics use the past tense they switch to sonar. It's beautiful. I was never called to the Principal's office. What for? He said, the Guardians have never lied to us. (translating aquatic) This is not relevant. We're here to discuss the human's claims. You don't want to know. [Shuttlepod] Sir? What'd she say? Some women can't resist the bad boys. {Council chamber] (translating aquatic) You've already presented this information. (translating Insectoid) How do we know the data used to create this phantom wasn't falsified. (translating aquatic) It is a Guardian. (translating Insectoid) We are not deceived by this illusion. Restore the dignity of our Council. Expel the humans from this chamber. [translating aquatic) We agree. Bridge. Bridge to Captain Archer. Five Insectoid ships are descending toward the surface. (A circular section of the planet surface splits into four and a big metal sphere thing comes out.) [Bridge] The weapon's been launched from beneath the surface. The Insectoid ships are in formation around it. We're being hailed. [Degra's ship] It's the shuttlepod.
Why am I here? What do you want?
I'm not feeling very well. Do you think you can get Phlox to come down here? I'm not sure what I'm supposed to be doing. I gave them the third code. They wouldn't have been able to arm the weapon if I hadn't given them the third code. I did. I should have fought harder. I tried to jump but I wasn't fast enough. You've got the three codes so why don't you just kill me? Didn't you say you're going to kill me? I understand. [Weapon control platform] I've found the sequence, but decrypting it's another story. Your friend Degra didn't make this easy. The first time you came to visit me in Brazil. I had a bug then, too. A tropical bacterium not a reptilian parasite. I was sick as a dog but I wanted to make a good impression. Or reptiles. Start with the third one from the left. (He takes a big lighted rod and turns it upside down. Now it glows red.) The second from the right. (As he completes that one, there is weapons fire.) I'm all right. The first one on the left is next. [Reptilian Bridge] Number four. The fourth one from the left. Yes, yes. Number five is the last one after you disable the reactor. (Archer reverses the rod.) With all due respect to Phlox, I wouldn't miss this for the world. Strange. They're not responding. I've rotated through all the frequencies. I already tried.
That was Winston Churchill. I picked that up half an hour ago. I've also intercepted several military dispatches and their radio programme, something called The Shadow. I've lost them. I'm picking up another signal. It's faint. Captain! (She rushes over and hugs him.)
Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission. It's Vosk. [Bridge] Got 'em. [Road through the wood] (Archer beams down with two MACOs, then a covered jeep approaches their position. Vosk and two soldiers get out.) I'm picking up a surge of radio chatter. Orders coming in German and English.
So, what's the verdict? Am I going to live? I hope you're going to make it tonight. Madame Chang's. Don't tell me that you forgot. Wait. No, you've been talking about the egg-drop soup at this place for as long as I've known you. I spoke with Travis. What happened to you the other night? So you're going to stay aboard the ship because of some loudmouth in a bar? This isn't the way to deal with prejudice. The best thing is to show your face and remind people that there are aliens who don't want to blow up the planet. I'll bring you some take-out. [Starfleet HQ]
The Borderland? Sorry I asked. We're cleared for launch. No response. (Another thud. The ships drop out of warp for the shooting match.) [Engineering] (Things are going bang all over the place.) They're hailing us. The Klingons are requesting to dock. [Ready room] (Reed and a MACO are also present.)
We're being hailed. There was a spike. Then the signal was gone. The sequence is coming up. Transmitting. Ten seconds to auto-destruct. (Suddenly there's a nasty noise.) It's some kind of feedback pulse. It's the signal we sent. It's being amplified a thousand percent. Comm.'s dead.
They're opening their shuttlebay doors. We're being hailed. It's Soong. It's been programmed with seven Klingon dialects. An automated beacon. It's very faint. It could be a distress signal. They're hailing us. They're closing. They're extending their docking port.
Here! (She catches the ball but her shot is deflected to a stationary Phlox, who easily puts it through the hoop.) Time to switch sides again, Doctor. Acknowledged. Enterprise to Reed. The transporter's locked. Do you need assistance?
Should I try to get him back? [T'Kareth Sanctuary] They've been fired on. They took damage, but they're heading back to Enterprise. Three ships closing on our position. SATO: We're being hailed. It's Administrator V'Las. That one missed us by twenty metres. V'Las. Hull breach on C Deck. They're reporting casualties. V'Las is hailing. Audio only.
We're being hailed. He's not in his quarters or anywhere on D deck. It's the particle flux in the nebula, it's overloading the sensors. It's the Vulcans. They'll be here in two hours. He's hailing us again. It's Shran. One of the Andorian ships is in trouble. Their reactor's been hit. The cruiser's breaking off its attack. Shran's hailing. Hull breach on G deck. We're venting atmosphere. (Then the bombardment stops.) We're being hailed. It's the High Command.
I can't wait to get back. Sifting through a Klingon garbage dump. Not my idea of exploring strange new worlds. Not a chance, sir. And a latrine. Commander? What's wrong?! Shuttlepod One to Enterprise. [Bridge] I have a medical emergency. Commander Tucker's collapsed. Yes, sir. At least in simulations. [Bridge] Understood. [Bridge] Doctor, should we start with the bio-gel? Before Commander Tucker passed out, he started coughing. I'm not coughing anymore. Neither are you. Maybe we're getting better. Something for our symptoms. Strain of what? Let me guess. Doctor Andromeda builds a monster, and it kills him in the end. All your movies are the same. I can't keep the stories straight. I got kicked out. In my second month, I had a difference of opinion with the Company Commander. I broke his arm. Poker. He tried to shut down a game I was running for some of the recruits, and a couple of the training staff. The way the regulations are worded, gambling was an honour violation only if it took place during duty hours. So I ran the game on weekends. One night my C.C. showed up, tried to sweep all the chips off the table, and I. Well, I have a black belt in aikido. I think he was just upset that I hadn't invited him to play. I got a bad conduct discharge. Starfleet needed language specialists more than they needed to make an example out of me. They let me back in on probation, and here I am. [Sickbay] That's not how it works. There are a lot of common patterns. I'm just good at hearing them, that's all. I wish I could fix warp engines with duct tape and a pocket knife. Seriously. Engineering, building things. have you always been good at that? How old were you? We didn't see you there. They both came to see us. Maybe that means they're almost finished. I was back in Brazil. The shuttle was coming to take me to Enterprise. Captain Archer needed me early. I didn't get the chance to say goodbye to my students. Yo se que estoy atrasada. Enterprise no se va hasta manana. Solo necesito cinco minutos. (in Klingon) Math is just another language. (The red light goes green, the door opens and alarms go off in the corridor.) [Bridge] Haye nuzhno skazat dosvidaniya. I need to tell them while there's still time. So am I. Because the desire to overcome it will spur them to move beyond the limitations of the physical world. It was true for us. [Sickbay] (Phlox spots them on the monitor.) Our ancestors were physical beings. Nothing I haven't seen before. What disturbs me most about the humans is their capacity for violence. Humans say they avoid it, but their words don't match. (She looks around.) We're being observed. [Sickbay] (The doors open.)  You're breaking every rule we have. That is not our decision to make. We have to leave them as they are. Then we agree. Then how would we ever learn about you? Talking is a limited form of communication for us. We're much more advanced than humans. We're leaving now, Captain. You won't remember a thing about our presence. And in three hours, you'll die as well. Are you defying me? In time, we'll study other humans.
The food on this ship isn't fit for animals! That mangy pet of yours would probably taste better. You can either take me home or find a new chef, it's that simple. Oh, something else. I want new quarters. For one thing, my room is too small. There are plasma conduits running across the ceiling. It's noisy, it keeps me up all night. What did you say to me? That was a nice touch. Tellarites always have a litany of complaints. It's how they start arguments with people they've just met. In that case, they'll just insult you. Whatever they say, you have to respond in kind. Otherwise, they'll take offense. Sir. I wasn't kidding about Porthos. No, but you might want to keep him out of sight. Tellarites consider canines something of a delicacy. Captain's starlog, November 12, 2154. We've arrived in orbit of Tellar Prime. Starfleet's ordered us to transport their ambassador to a neutral planet designated as Babel, where Earth mediators will try to settle a long-standing trade dispute between the Tellarites and the Andorians. [Corridor] Captain Archer to the Bridge. [Bridge] We've picked up a message on an Andorian channel. That's it. They're not responding. Their shields are still at maximum. No response. Why would they need so many? Transporter's offline. Just the MACOs. Decompression on C deck, section three. They're still closing. They're holographic projectors. It's a camouflage system. They can use it to mimic the appearance of almost any ship.
The Andorian tradition Shran wants to follow is called the Ushann. Basically, it's a duel to the death. It's an ice-miner's tool. Andorians play with them as children. A Tellarite won't stand a chance using one against Shran. What are you doing here? Barbaric, if you ask me. Code of the Ushann. T'Pol wants me to go over it again. See if I can find a way out of this mess. She wants me to find a loophole. Some way to forfeit without offending the Andorians. How does that help us? That rule only applies if he's married. Even if we could, something tells me the Andorians would cry foul. There are twelve thousand amendments to this ridiculous honour code. There has got to be one that can get him out of this. If the Captain wins, Shran's dead. The alliance falls apart. Not recently. How did he get out of it? Don't try and block with this. When he swings, intercept, deflect, and hook it away. We've got company, alliance ships.
I'm glad we got here early. You didn't think Madame Chang's was going to be your little secret forever, did you? That's probably my fault. I told a few friends about the place. I'm a comm. officer. If there's one thing that I know how to do, it's disseminate information. You didn't tell me how your meeting went today at the IME. That's great. Are you going to accept? I'm the wrong person to ask. I've got a vested interest in keeping you around. (Three men step out of the bushes and block their way.) I'm all right, sir. There were three men. They were in the shadows. I didn't get a good look at them. Right before I passed out. I'm pretty sure it wasn't English. I'm sorry, sir. Nothing's happening. (telepathically) Yes, perfectly. (memory) I'm glad we got here early. There. Do you see them? Bring him with us. It's Rigelian. [Situation room] Tactical Alert. All hands to battle stations. Still no response. We've been boarded. D deck, starboard side. Access tube seven. I have nothing to say to you, human. Klingon. What do you think? Is it unusual to have weird dreams after a mind meld? I had a bizarre dream last night. Commander Tucker was in it. We were in a strange place. It was all white. There was almost a romantic quality to it. I don't ever remember dreaming about Commander Tucker before. The memory core was wiped by that microdyne coupler. We found it in storage locker C fourteen. The last person to access that locker was Lieutenant Reed. [Ready room - later]
The Klingons are jamming everything. [Laboratory] (A klaxon sounds.) I can't get through. Commander. I've broken through their jamming frequencies.
They're responding. (The caller is green, wearing leather and with bits of metal on his head.) What've you got for a headache? (Phlox is not entirely steady on his feet.) A few hours. What is it? Is she all right? It's probably just stress. Or it could be our new passengers. I'm just not used to seeing guys trip over themselves like that. If you ask me, it's pumping a little too hard. Why? Phlox! I thought you just had one. They're not responding. He's hailing us. He's hailing. Don't listen. Captain!
(in flimsy black negligee) What do you think you're doing? This is supposed to be your sanctuary. A place to get away from status reports. (She turns off the monitor and kisses him.) And probably the only one who doesn't want to slip a knife in your back. I heard the battle went well at Tau Ceti. Word on the ship is the war may be over soon. I'll go back to Brazil, start teaching again. You'll accept a comfortable desk job at Headquarters. We'll have the weekends. Forget about the war. This is our time. [Outside Turbolift] (Forrest's bodyguard opens the door to reveal Reed and a female MACO. The Bodyguard is shot, Forrest reaches for his weapon but Archer and MACO Travis (complete with earring) comes from behind and take it off him.) You didn't receive a communiqué from Starfleet. I would have known if something came through. A mutiny. Didn't think you had it in you. Where's Captain Forrest? How do I know that you didn't push him out of an airlock? (He shows her Forrest in the Brig, on his desk monitor.) I want to talk to him. Is that all you need? You've never forgiven me for leaving. I'm sorry if I hurt you. Just as you did. You should've been Captain from the moment we left Spacedock. You've always known that. If it hadn't been for all those Admirals conspiring behind your back, Enterprise would have been yours. Tradition says that whatever belonged to the previous Captain is yours for the taking. It's demanding to be released. My people will find your ship and destroy it. Something about your maternal ancestor. I agree. I agree. (Archer gestures for the temperature to go up again.) The ship is in the Vintaak system at a facility orbiting the gas giant. (A strange noise starts up.) It hasn't been that good in a long time. The things a girl will give up for her career. Of course. What was it? What's wrong? Well, it couldn't have been easy with T'Pol looking over his shoulder. What's going on? How did you learn all this? Another Terran Empire? Another Starfleet? I'm picking up a transmission. It's coming from Decon. Three ships are moving toward our position. One of the Tholian ships is hailing us. [USS Defiant - Bridge] Four more ships. They're jamming us. (The Tholian ships start to create their web around Enterprise.) No damage. They can see us. (Things start to go bang) Hull plating's down. We've lost power on decks C, D and E. What do you think you're doing?
Another Terran Empire, another Starfleet? What are you wearing? (Archer is in a green top with gold braid.) These people had some strange ideas about uniforms. A mention of what? No Empire? (reading the desk monitor) The United Federation of Planets? What about us? Do we exist in this universe? At least she was remembered for something. Stop. I don't want to know. I don't care. Computer. Display file on Starfleet Officer Jonathan Archer. Son of famed warp specialist Henry Archer, Jonathan was appointed Captain of Starfleet's first warp five ship. His name is among the most recognised in the Federation. He earned an impressive list of commendations during his career. Historians called him the greatest explorer of the twenty second century. Two planets were named after him. (Archer switches it off with his fist.) Hey. Forget about him. Your future is just beginning. Can you imagine the look on the Emperor's face when he sees this ship? You'll be declared Hero of the Empire. Starfleet'll have to give you a command of your own. (not in TOS-era uniform) Sir, I'm picking up a signal from inside the ship. I think it's the reptile. The frequency's scrambled. The translator matrix is tied in. He closed the channel. The Tellarite ship's opened fire. No damage. The Vulcan ship's trying to escape. The last Andorian ship is retreating. They'll come around. Maybe it's time to get rid of her, now that this ship's operational. All of them? I hope you're not planning on getting sick anytime soon. In case you haven't noticed, your doctor is an alien. I've never been the consort of an Emperor before. Is there anything I need to know? Save it, Commander. The schematics you downloaded. Where are they? Let's go. (T'Pol knocks down the MACO, but gets cut by Hoshi.) I was hoping you'd put up a fight. Commander Tucker told me I should give you a few pointers in that area. (T'Pol knocks her down and makes her escape, but the MACO recovers enough to shoot her in the back.) Bring her. [USS Defiant] (Phlox makes his way up a Jefferies tube.) [ISS Avenger - Bridge] (An Andorian hauls a dead human out of the helm chair.) There's no point in continuing. She's not going to talk. We should kill her. They've taken heavy damage. We'll lose all the data on our counterparts. It'll only take a day for the fleet to return to Earth. Do you think the commanders will support you? Are you all right? (She goes to the door and lets in Travis, who sees Archer trying to crawl. Hoshi kisses Travis. Archer dies.) [Bridge] Open a channel to Fleet Admiral Gardner. This is the Starship Defiant. If you don't surrender immediately, we'll begin targeting your cities. Respond. You're speaking with Empress Sato. Prepare to receive instructions. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
It's not about who gets credit. I just updated them with a few things we picked up on the mission. Hmm? (She's working on a translator device.) HOSHI: No word yet from Trip or T'Pol. Six of the universal translators started confusing Rigelian with Andorian. There's a glitch somewhere, but I can't find it. You accidentally triggered an ID protocol in the network. I tracked it back to the source. No response, sir. They're sending a subspace message on all frequencies.
He's on every frequency. The signal's going system-wide. Everything's jammed. I won't hesitate, sir. I still do. I'm just better at hiding it. Understood. [Orpheus Mining Facility] (Tucker is working on the targeting scanners as ordered.) Paxton will need two minutes to power up the array before he can fire. It's enough. I won't destroy the array unless we have no other choice. I'm following orders. I'm sorry, sir. Actually, I can only be relieved by a higher ranking officer in my chain of command. Belay that order. I won't risk exposing our position by breaking radio silence. I know what I'm doing. [Orpheus Mining Facility] (The lock is blown and the away team enter.) Take us in. Full impulse. Charge weapons. [Orpheus Central Control] Go ahead, Captain. Standing by. [Orpheus Central Control] They really want to postpone the conference? Excuse me, sir. Sato, go ahead. [Archer's quarters] We're in the mess hall. [Archer's quarters] No, I don't see him, sir. [Corridor] Wait here, sir. [Corridor] (She meets Reed and Travis just outside the Mess hall.) Samuels is in here. He's safe. [Outside the Turbolift]
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Great! I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids?
Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding
I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife.
If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense.
They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir.
That means we discovered it. Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance.
Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back?
Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir?
I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] Bridge to Captain Archer. It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.)
I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.)
Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town]
Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond.
They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. It's Admiral Forrest.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids?
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids?
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back?
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir?
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.)
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.)
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town]
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you?
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.)
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates,
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship]
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off)
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.)
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess]
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.)
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.)
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond. The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond. The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset. Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now?  There's a lot of interference. To any ship within range, we're under attack by an unknown species. Request immediate assistance. That's it, sir.  Room service. (Phlox has some mottling on his neck by the holes left by the tubules.) Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only.  We've been boarded. Six biosigns, C deck. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond. The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset. Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now?  There's a lot of interference. To any ship within range, we're under attack by an unknown species. Request immediate assistance. That's it, sir.  Room service. (Phlox has some mottling on his neck by the holes left by the tubules.) Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only.  We've been boarded. Six biosigns, C deck. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond. The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset. Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now?  There's a lot of interference. To any ship within range, we're under attack by an unknown species. Request immediate assistance. That's it, sir.  Room service. (Phlox has some mottling on his neck by the holes left by the tubules.) Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only.  We've been boarded. Six biosigns, C deck. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.   I'm picking up weapons fire on E deck, the starboard airlock.    We're being hailed, Commander. It's the Tellarite ship.  You're being hailed, Captain. 
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond. The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset. Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now?  There's a lot of interference. To any ship within range, we're under attack by an unknown species. Request immediate assistance. That's it, sir.  Room service. (Phlox has some mottling on his neck by the holes left by the tubules.) Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only.  We've been boarded. Six biosigns, C deck. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.   I'm picking up weapons fire on E deck, the starboard airlock.    We're being hailed, Commander. It's the Tellarite ship.  You're being hailed, Captain.  He's speaking to Admiral Forrest. It’s the third time in the last hour. They're not responding. They want you, sir. They're saying they won't destroy Enterprise if you surrender to them. Archer's an enemy of the Empire. He must be brought to justice if honour's to be regained.  It's Captain Ramirez, sir, on the Intrepid. I think I might need to brush up on my Japanese. That'll make life a whole lot easier. Not so magical. I haven't read it yet. Captain, I'm sending these books home to my mother. It'll give me more shelf space. There's been a lot written about alien languages since we've been gone. My mother. Thought it was time to upgrade my civvies. Why would you think that? And that means I'm not capable of handling myself on the new mission? I don't know what's inside this Expanse, sir, but I think I've proven that I can handle myself in difficult situations and even provide a little help along the way. I assume you have no problem with my remaining on board. We've been in here for more then six hours. Aye, sir. We're being hailed. The Expanse is ahead, Captain.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond. The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset. Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now?  There's a lot of interference. To any ship within range, we're under attack by an unknown species. Request immediate assistance. That's it, sir.  Room service. (Phlox has some mottling on his neck by the holes left by the tubules.) Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only.  We've been boarded. Six biosigns, C deck. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.   I'm picking up weapons fire on E deck, the starboard airlock.    We're being hailed, Commander. It's the Tellarite ship.  You're being hailed, Captain.  He's speaking to Admiral Forrest. It’s the third time in the last hour. They're not responding. They want you, sir. They're saying they won't destroy Enterprise if you surrender to them. Archer's an enemy of the Empire. He must be brought to justice if honour's to be regained.  It's Captain Ramirez, sir, on the Intrepid. I think I might need to brush up on my Japanese. That'll make life a whole lot easier. Not so magical. I haven't read it yet. Captain, I'm sending these books home to my mother. It'll give me more shelf space. There's been a lot written about alien languages since we've been gone. My mother. Thought it was time to upgrade my civvies. Why would you think that? And that means I'm not capable of handling myself on the new mission? I don't know what's inside this Expanse, sir, but I think I've proven that I can handle myself in difficult situations and even provide a little help along the way. I assume you have no problem with my remaining on board. We've been in here for more then six hours. Aye, sir. We're being hailed. The Expanse is ahead, Captain.  Is this seat taken? (The MACOs all stand.) I'm Hoshi Sato. Military Assault Command. You seem to have all gotten your space legs. What do you think of our doctor, Sergeant? I imagine you don't run into many Denobulans in Duluth, Minnesota. You may have left Duluth, but you've still got plenty of Duluth left in your inflections. I'm sure Captain Archer will let us know when he has reason to.  There's an audio message coming in from the mine foreman.  Both shuttlepods have left the surface. Everybody plus one. Still at warp four. ETA approximately seven minutes.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond. The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset. Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now?  There's a lot of interference. To any ship within range, we're under attack by an unknown species. Request immediate assistance. That's it, sir.  Room service. (Phlox has some mottling on his neck by the holes left by the tubules.) Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only.  We've been boarded. Six biosigns, C deck. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.   I'm picking up weapons fire on E deck, the starboard airlock.    We're being hailed, Commander. It's the Tellarite ship.  You're being hailed, Captain.  He's speaking to Admiral Forrest. It’s the third time in the last hour. They're not responding. They want you, sir. They're saying they won't destroy Enterprise if you surrender to them. Archer's an enemy of the Empire. He must be brought to justice if honour's to be regained.  It's Captain Ramirez, sir, on the Intrepid. I think I might need to brush up on my Japanese. That'll make life a whole lot easier. Not so magical. I haven't read it yet. Captain, I'm sending these books home to my mother. It'll give me more shelf space. There's been a lot written about alien languages since we've been gone. My mother. Thought it was time to upgrade my civvies. Why would you think that? And that means I'm not capable of handling myself on the new mission? I don't know what's inside this Expanse, sir, but I think I've proven that I can handle myself in difficult situations and even provide a little help along the way. I assume you have no problem with my remaining on board. We've been in here for more then six hours. Aye, sir. We're being hailed. The Expanse is ahead, Captain.  Is this seat taken? (The MACOs all stand.) I'm Hoshi Sato. Military Assault Command. You seem to have all gotten your space legs. What do you think of our doctor, Sergeant? I imagine you don't run into many Denobulans in Duluth, Minnesota. You may have left Duluth, but you've still got plenty of Duluth left in your inflections. I'm sure Captain Archer will let us know when he has reason to.  There's an audio message coming in from the mine foreman.  Both shuttlepods have left the surface. Everybody plus one. Still at warp four. ETA approximately seven minutes. Our transceiver's offline.  They're trying to download our database. There would still be some residual particles. Bridge to Captain Archer.  While I was translating the cargo manifest, something caught my eye. Look at these markings. I had to double-check, but I was pretty sure that I had seen this ideography before. This is a piece of the Xindi probe that crashed on Earth. At least three of the symbols are an exact match. [Brig] Pretty close. Less than a kilometre, but we need to have the access codes. Go ahead. We're not close enough. Another fifty metres. I'm into the computer. I haven't found the Xindi database. I'm losing them. I've found it, Captain. A few minutes. They're getting too far away. I'm losing the comm. link again. About a third of it. I'm back in. I've got eighty percent, eighty five. I've got ninety percent.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond. The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset. Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now?  There's a lot of interference. To any ship within range, we're under attack by an unknown species. Request immediate assistance. That's it, sir.  Room service. (Phlox has some mottling on his neck by the holes left by the tubules.) Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only.  We've been boarded. Six biosigns, C deck. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.   I'm picking up weapons fire on E deck, the starboard airlock.    We're being hailed, Commander. It's the Tellarite ship.  You're being hailed, Captain.  He's speaking to Admiral Forrest. It’s the third time in the last hour. They're not responding. They want you, sir. They're saying they won't destroy Enterprise if you surrender to them. Archer's an enemy of the Empire. He must be brought to justice if honour's to be regained.  It's Captain Ramirez, sir, on the Intrepid. I think I might need to brush up on my Japanese. That'll make life a whole lot easier. Not so magical. I haven't read it yet. Captain, I'm sending these books home to my mother. It'll give me more shelf space. There's been a lot written about alien languages since we've been gone. My mother. Thought it was time to upgrade my civvies. Why would you think that? And that means I'm not capable of handling myself on the new mission? I don't know what's inside this Expanse, sir, but I think I've proven that I can handle myself in difficult situations and even provide a little help along the way. I assume you have no problem with my remaining on board. We've been in here for more then six hours. Aye, sir. We're being hailed. The Expanse is ahead, Captain.  Is this seat taken? (The MACOs all stand.) I'm Hoshi Sato. Military Assault Command. You seem to have all gotten your space legs. What do you think of our doctor, Sergeant? I imagine you don't run into many Denobulans in Duluth, Minnesota. You may have left Duluth, but you've still got plenty of Duluth left in your inflections. I'm sure Captain Archer will let us know when he has reason to.  There's an audio message coming in from the mine foreman.  Both shuttlepods have left the surface. Everybody plus one. Still at warp four. ETA approximately seven minutes. Our transceiver's offline.  They're trying to download our database. There would still be some residual particles. Bridge to Captain Archer.  While I was translating the cargo manifest, something caught my eye. Look at these markings. I had to double-check, but I was pretty sure that I had seen this ideography before. This is a piece of the Xindi probe that crashed on Earth. At least three of the symbols are an exact match. [Brig] Pretty close. Less than a kilometre, but we need to have the access codes. Go ahead. We're not close enough. Another fifty metres. I'm into the computer. I haven't found the Xindi database. I'm losing them. I've found it, Captain. A few minutes. They're getting too far away. I'm losing the comm. link again. About a third of it. I'm back in. I've got eighty percent, eighty five. I've got ninety percent. Right about the time the Xindi were here. Captain. A body. (A very burnt body.) Maybe it was one of the other two. Are you all right? Why are you talking to her? She's trying to delay us. Our people are there. Don't trust her. She's not one of us. Urquat? Tell me. What was it like?  You said they'd be waiting for us. Someone's coming.
Very good. Ghlungit !tak nekleet. Carlos. Ltrunghi !krgltt! !krgltt! Tighten the back of your tongue. !krgltt! Keep trying. You've almost got it. (sees Archer) I'll be right back. (They walk along a leafy path) There's two more weeks before exams. It's impossible for me to leave now. If there was anyone else who could do what I do, you wouldn't be so eager to have me on your space ship. I'm sorry, Captain. I owe it to these kids. I'm on leave from Starfleet, remember? You would have to forcibly recall me, which would require a reprimand which would disqualify me from serving on an active vessel. And you'll have her in three weeks. (Archer plays a recording) What's that? I thought you said the Vulcans were opposed to this. What do you know about these Klingons? Turn it up. I don't know. Does anybody else feel that? Those vibrations, like little tremors. There! What do you call that? Ponfo mirann. The translator. It's not locking onto his dialect. The syntax won't align. Ingan Hoch juH. He wants to know who we are. Ou'ghewme Enterpise. PugloD. LupHom. Ship. He's asking for his ship back. SonchI. I'm not sure, but I think he's saying something about eating the afterlife? I'm going to need to run what we've got through the phonetic processor. He says his wife has grown ugly? I'm sorry, Captain. I'm doing the best I can. I think the Doctor's right, Captain, unless stinky boots has something to do with all this. That's the warp reactor again, right? Shut up! (but Klaang keeps talking) Captain! There's someone here. (All use flashlights to check around until Archer spots one on the ceiling.) Those weren't glitches in Sickbay. Right away. Are you sure it's safe to stand so close to that? I've managed to translate most of what Klaang said, but none of it makes sense. Nope. The word's not even in their database. It's all there. There were only four words I couldn't translate. probably just proper nouns. It's all right. Rigelian uses a pronominal base. The translator's just reprocessing the syntax. Isn't an enclave supposed to have people? T'Pol said something about live food. I don't see any restaurants. Ha'quj jeg! They looked Klingon to me. Maybe we should get back to where there are more people. Where's the pod? Great! (at a panel behind Reed's station) What are the symptoms of frostbite? I think I have frostbite. I never had to worry about frostbite in Brazil. Sensor resolution's falling off at about twelve kilometres. You might think about recommending seat belts when we get home. We've got sensors. Over three thousand, but I can't isolate a Klingon. If there is one. (weapons fire hits Enterprise) There, right there. These bio-readings are not Suliban. (wincing from noise in her earpiece) Grab on to something. (A big bang rocks the ship.) Wait a minute, I think I've got something. It's Commander Tucker. It's just a narrow notch in the mid-range. He says he's about to ignite his thruster exhaust. You're welcome. I'm only picking up two bio-signs. One Klingon, one human. (Archer follows some strange readings and finds himself at the end of a corridor. A door closes behind him, there's strobing lights then a door in front opens. As he walks in, he notices there's a echo effect with his movements) [Bridge] Something about disgracing the Empire. He says he's ready to die. (The Chancellor walks up to Klaang, draws a knife and cuts his palm.) I don't think they have a word for thank you. You don't want to know. [Ready room] Probably not humanoids? Wish I did. She doesn't look any better, does she. I should have left her where I found her. She wasn't meant to be in this environment. He's going to make you all better. Doctor Phlox thinks this argon lamp should help. She's barely moved all day. I'm sorry. No, sir, but the Doctor's doing the best he can. Sir, my quarters are on E deck, starboard section five. The stars are going the wrong way, sir. On both my training tours, I had port side quarters. I'm having trouble sleeping. The wrong side of the ship, yes, sir. I spoke with Ensign Porter. He said he's be willing to switch, with your permission. I appreciate it, Captain. No, sir. Thank you. (Hoshi leaves. Squeak.) [Armoury] No, sir. I'll try it again. No response, sir. She may have a point, Captain. I could try hailing them on theta-band frequencies. Me, sir? Sorry to bother you, sir. No, thank you. Sir? Yes, that's fine, thank you. I was thinking, Captain, I might be a lot more helpful to you if I stay here and keep an open comm. link. That way I'll have immediate access to the linguistic database. It's not the same. The lag time is tripled. The environmental suits. They make me a little claustrophobic. You talked me into it, remember. Well, I just, I bit my lip and got through it. Yes, sir. No, I'd better get back to the Launch Bay. I've been cleared on EM sidearms and class three pulse rifles. I've never seen one of those. Is this necessary? Enterprise, we've got access. We're boarding the vessel. [Alien ship's corridor] Well, at least we know they're bipeds. The ladder. There's power going through here, but not much of it. Blood? (Green dribbles are visible on the bulkheads.) [Deleted scene] (They force open a door. There is still power to the displays) These icons look like they represent frequency bands. If it is, it's offline. Maybe that's why they didn't answer our hails. And what's this? I don't think you need a translator. I screamed like a twelve year old. Nobody else screamed. (re sluggo) Has she been eating? I'm a translator. I didn't come out here to see corpses hanging on hooks. Not corpses on hooks. I'm an exo-linguist. I graduated second in my class. I spent three years in Starfleet training. I was Jonathan Archer's first choice for this mission. Every inhabited world we come to is going to be filled with language. Some will have hundreds of them. He needs me here. Are you sure that's what she eats? I shouldn't have brought her on board. Maybe I could ask the Captain to try to find a planet with an argon rich atmosphere. She needs to get back to an environment that is more suited to her. Captain. Maybe it's a log. What do you think? The grammar sounds bimodal. Let's hope. (to universal translator) Ship. Ship. [Alien ship - where the bodies are] How long before the transceiver's online? The quicker we get this done, the quicker we can get back to the ship. Yeah, great. Distress. Two other teachers and I once took a hydro-skimmer out onto a small tributary in the Amazon. You know, to see the wildlife. Sloths, pink dolphins, all kinds of snakes. It gave me the creeps. If I didn't like being around anacondas, you can imagine how I feel about Suliban or whoever butchered the crew of this ship. I'm going to ask the Captain to take me home. I should have never left the university. I'm not suited for this. You weren't here yesterday. I saw those bodies and fell apart. The Captain needs a translator he can count on. Someone who shows a little grace under pressure. That isn't me. Oh yes I can. Distress. Distress. I think I've got it. Ship in distress. They're hailing us. I told him what you said, sir, but I doubt it made any sense. This isn't exactly Spanish we're dealing with here. I'd be lucky if I'm getting half the vocabulary right. (The nasty crab ship puts a beam on them.) It seems he got the part about killing the cargo ship crew but he believes we did it, sir. At least I think he does. I think I understood this one. He says the distress call came from his ship, not ours. Something about DNA scans. He wants to know why we were there two years ago. He probably means two days, sir. The phonetic processor's still having trouble locking on. I'm not certain, but I don't think he's going to help us. I'm having trouble with the word pump, sir. I've got the processor searching for synonyms. The translator's not making a whole lot of sense to him, sir. He's getting frustrated. I think he's running out of patience, Captain. Do what myself? That's impossible, sir. I haven't even learned their basic conjugations. You don't understand. I don't even know how to say pump. I'll get it all wrong, it'll just make things worse. Sir. Uta doi ura. (The alien replies.) Uta lora ista. Urasta mistavor. (They go into a conversation.) This isn't exactly like the place you came from, but it's close enough. It's not that hard to adapt. You're going to do just fine here. (She puts it down on a rock in a container, and leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Suitable for humanoid life. Not good. His biosigns are very erratic. Enterprise to Novakovich. [Planet surface] Can you hear me? Ethan. (Ethan is curled up in a ball, terrified.) [Bridge] (Ethan's screams come over the comm.) (in Vulcan) She says Trip's going to kill her, and I don't think she's imagining it. [Cavern] (whispers) The winds. (in Vulcan) T'Pol replies in Vulcan, whilst beginning to sweat herself.)HOSHI: She says play-acting isn't exactly a Vulcan tradition, but she'll do her best.(T'Pol calls out in Vulcan to the surrounding I wonder how long they've been there. Our ship-to-ship sensors are malfunctioning. I can only give you audio. Translator's active. The translation programme should be in pretty good shape, sir. They're responding. The afterlife. If you don't look too close, you'd think it was Earth. Is that Captain Mitchell? Travis has been digging through the archives. Captain, do you think anyone's still there? No answer, sir. He's not responding to hails, Captain, but he's alive. [Turbolift] What do they do for food? What about these two? We have to assume they're armed. It's a transmission, sir. It's the last one anyone made, as far as we can tell. It was still in the buffer. The irony is that Captain Mitchell's message never reached Earth. The debris in the atmosphere was too dense. They went to visit some monks. Why would they scan for alien ships? You can't expect them to check in every ten minutes. You sure you're not over-reacting? They're probably just taking a tour, observing some kind of meditation ritual. [Atrium] I've lost the signal. No response. Aye, sir. [Atrium] Transmission from the surface. It's a modulated EM signal, very weak. No, it'll just scramble your molecules. Aye, sir. That means we discovered it. Captain, I'm detecting a vessel closing on our position. It's Vulcan. Commander, you wanted to see me? Looks like an encrypted transmission. It came from the Vulcan ship. Whenever you're ready, Captain. Well, Chloe, that's a very good question. We use a device called the universal translator. It's like an alien dictionary with hundreds of languages programmed into it, and it can learn new languages very quickly, but it doesn't always work, and when that happens it's up to me to try to translate. I'm sure I don't have to tell you it can be really hard sometimes. One wrong word can mean the difference between saying 'take my hand' or 'take my life'. So far I have managed to do pretty well. Sorry it took so long. The code was pretty complex. It's in Vulcan. You'll have to run it through the translation matrix. I didn't feel it'd be right. Aye, sir. Captain, you should take a look at this. (An image of the comet rotating.) [Comet surface] (The drilling rig is set up and busy.) The Vulcan ship's hailing us. Captain Vanik wants to know if we require assistance. Who? I'm picking up dozens of cities on each continent. I've got it. (They zoom in on a three masted ship.) The acoustic relay is picking up dozens of languages. I could spend the next ten years studying this place. It'll take a while to work out a translation matrix for all of them. We'll be able to narrow it down for you once we pick a landing site. I did find the one word you might want to remember. Akaali. It's the name of their species. [Ready room] It itches. Are you sure I'm the right person for this? Maybe some of them are more advanced than others. Identification papers. Everyone in the city has to carry them. T'Pol. (They move on. Elsewhere, the men are doing the same.) Her name's Riann, she's an apothecary. I think we may have seen some of them. Mottled skin, lesions on their faces. We're being hailed from the surface. I don't think so. The dampening field's down. It's the Captain. Even if we get the reactor, how are we going to keep them from taking it back? Their comm. systems may be down. There are four biosigns on the module. It's the away team. No response. Two hundred thousand kilometres ahead. Which ship, sir? I decided to turn in early. What'd they show? That bad? You could always read a book. [Bridge] They're responding. (It is a reptilian type with large scale plates.) Two, briefly. Quiet. They're taking a tour of the ship. Don't worry, Lieutenant. They didn't look like the types who'd go around stealing military secrets. Should I call Engineering? Aren't you going to take the chair? You're in command. Haven't you ever wondered what it's like? Okay. (Travis goes and sits in the Captain's chair.) We're being hailed by Captain Fraddock. Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the protostar, sir [Bridge] And the transport ship is requesting permission to dock. Some of the passengers would like to take you up on your offer and observe it from the Mess Hall. [Ready room] Bridge to Captain Archer. Someone just used our comm. system to transmit a message. [Daniels quarters] It's encrypted, sir. [Engineering] (As the people in the mess hall watch as spectacular display of stellar pyrotechnics.) I'd like to send a few test transmissions to calibrate amplifiers. An hour. The channel's open, sir. Maybe they got our signal but it didn't make any sense to them. Our translator is far from perfect. Sir? (quietly) I tracked them down. It took me all week. Kota Baharu. It's in Malaysia. A little after nine at night. How'd it go? Me, sir? Maybe this is more in Chef's area. Sir, I'm running a diagnostic on our subspace transceiver array. Yes, sir. [Corridor] I'm picking up something. I don't think it's a language. (An eardrum busting sound rips through the Bridge.) We really would like to keep this a surprise. Really? Why? When he started eating again, do you remember the first thing he wanted? When you two were growing up he never said, hey, let's go out for pizza, boy, I'd love some Indian food? I'm figuring that out. What kind? Halibut? Swordfish? Mahi-mahi? Scallops? Great! And Malcolm? Try, please. Is that a fish? Thanks. I've talked to his sister, his best friend, his Uncle Archie, his two spinster aunts. The most anyone seems to know about his eating habits is that he occasionally eats. Anyone sitting here? This is the first chance I've had to eat all day. How's your ravioli? Nothing like a nice plate of pasta. You know, I used to love to cook but I never get a chance to anymore, and the way that Chef protects the galley. One of these nights, I should fix something myself. You'd love my enchiladas. If you don't like them, I can fix something else. What's your favourite food? Aren't you getting a little tired of having to eat whatever Chef happens to serve? Don't get me wrong. He's terrific. It's just that dinner in the Mess Hall can lack a certain personal touch. I've got a hot plate in my quarters. What do you mean? What does that have to do with? (enlightenment arrives) Oh! No, I didn't, I didn't mean to imply anything other than just making dinner, Lieutenant. (Hoshi stands to leave.) No, it's my fault. I shouldn't have. Yeah, I'll just. No, no, no, you've got a lot of work to do, so. (Hoshi leaves with her tray.) [Bridge] I can't raise Vulcan. It's funny. I ran a diagnostic after the attack, but now Echo Two won't respond. Doctor? I see you released your patients. That's good to hear. Any idea what his favourite food might be? Like what? How does he like them? Maybe Chef could make him a big omelette. Is there any one food in particular? Breaking a Vulcan encryption code would be easier than this. I don't suppose scanning his taste buds would help? Thanks anyways. Sorry? I'm under direct orders from the Captain. Couldn't you make an exception? What does all of this have to do with what he likes to eat? A plant enzyme. Found in? Pineapple! (She dashes for the door.) It's close enough. Thank you, Doctor. [Bridge] We're being hailed. At least there's one good thing about coming back this far. We can drop another subspace amplifier. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. I have that component that you asked for. We have our sources. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. People are getting jealous. You get more letters from home than anyone on this ship. What's her name? I didn't know there were humans serving on Denobula. I had a pen pal once when I was twelve, from Brisbane, Australia, and I loved getting her letters. It was like this little window into distant places with strange sounding names. Are we still on for later? I can hardly wait. (Hoshi leaves. Phlox sits down to listen to his letter.) The ship's not answering our hails, Captain. I need a little more. (in Denobulan) How are your patients? (in Denobulan) I'm sure you'll find a way to help them. (in Denobulan) Do you like the food? (in Denobulan) Eggplant's not a vegetable, it's a nostril. (in Denobulan) A fruit. (in English) I've noticed you and Crewman Cutler spending a lot of time together. Is there something going on between you two? (in Denobulan) Are you two mating? Well, are you? (She speaks in Denobulan, but is having to use her PADD for There are ways you can tell. (in Denobulan) Does she want to spend time with you? Does she find excuses to (in English) to make physical contact? In Denobulan, Doctor. (in Denobulan) I think you make a very cute washboard. Couple. A cute couple. [Bridge] Excuse me. We're the ones that brought him here. Can you tell me how he's doing? I'm sorry. Could you say that again? (As Phlox and the doctor discuss medicine.) Captain, the UT can't translate his language. He doesn't speak the same language as you? Kuhl toh bah. He's says they'd be happy to help. Pra du matta. He wants to know what you're doing. Doctor, er, esatta prah koo kuvalakii. I told him the Doctor was looking inside of him. Tik tik. You're welcome. No, he must have picked it up by listening to us. Tik tik. Larr, ku rasata gol dach? He says the soil here isn't good for planting. The Valakians don't let them live where the land is fertile. The Valakians give them whatever they need. Food, clothing, medicine. He says the Valakians are good to them. They protect them. (All tuck into the food.) I'm going to help Larr finish packing up. He's back on duty at the hospital in an hour. (Hoshi leaves.) It'll go out first thing in the morning. Everything all right? Want my advice? Get out of Sickbay. Good night. (Hoshi leaves.) Bridge to Captain Archer. I'm receiving a transmission from Starfleet Command. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. [Ready room] There are billions of people down there. It could take days. I'll try, but if the pod's been powered down it's almost impossible to pick up its signature. Sir, we're being hailed. Audio only. I can't tell. They've cut transmission. They were using a triaxilating signal. We're getting another transmission. It's not from the planet. It's coming from a Vulcan ship, the Ni'Var. We're being hailed. It's the Vulcans. He's unavailable at the moment. Can I take a message? What shuttlepod is that? I really wouldn't know, sir. We get shuttlepods coming and going all the time. It's a little like Union Station around here. (She starts messing with the transmission frequency on her board.) I'm sorry, your transmission's breaking up. [Shanty town] Ready. Any better? I never had this much trouble with the EM-33. You all right? I thought we were staying at warp for the next few days. (Reed checks the monitor.) So much for target practice. I'm trying, sir. There's a lot of EM interference. It sounds very strange. Do you have a minute, sir? That shipwreck. We have no idea what type of life forms we'll find on that alien vessel, and there's a lot of interference in the atmosphere. Are you sure the away team won't need a translator? What about the language on the control panels, the hatches? They might need someone to help them find their way around. I realise that I haven't always been the first one in line to volunteer for this type of mission, but I want you to know that I am prepared to go. Took a while, but I think I finally got my space legs. Aye, sir. [Locker room] I am. I'm just brushing up on the backup systems. I wouldn't want the emergency oxygen to fail during a hull breach. I'm perfectly comfortable. I used to find the suits a little claustrophobic, but I'm getting used to them. I'll see you in the shuttlepod. [Shuttlepod] You sound uncomfortable, Sub-Commander. Or three valuable officers. (The pod shakes.) That wasn't so bad. Is that a hatch on the port side? What's that? You first. (Reed opens his helmet and nods, T'Pol opens hers and (coughing) You can't smell that? Count your blessings. (They walk along the corridor.) HOSHI: You two might Klingon. (All draw their phase pistols.) HOSHI: I thought you knew Klingon ships. Why didn't you recognise this one from the outside? How weak? [Klingon bridge] Shouldn't we try to help them? How do you know? We still have twenty minutes. What if we carry some of them into the pod? We could save three or four. What's that? What about escape pods? Maybe we can use their comm. system to contact Enterprise. I'll try, but reading Klingon is a lot different than speaking it. All right. (reads a monitor screen) Kolat chack tabak. Plasma containment, maybe. Containment. I'm certain. (She moves to the next screen.) HOSHI: Pu'DaH dak cha. Something they call photon torpedoes. Well, this all looks like weapons systems. Torpedoes, tactical sensors, disruptor arrays. I recognise pressure. Ka'tahl. That can mean wall or barrier. Maybe. I think you're right. Quee nagah. Impulse drive. It says the pressure's failing in the J'khat bah. Fusion manifold. Do you know what that means? We read you, Captain. [Bridge] We're doing okay, sir. It's nice to hear your voice. Captain, you're breaking up. Captain? [Sickbay] (The Klingon woman is struggling against biobed restraints.) Come look at this. (She gets a recording playing on a screen in front of the captain's chair.) Wait, I saw that somewhere. Here. One deck below us. It's in the reactor pit. Could be. [Klingon Engineering] No. That says something about plasma induction. Here it is. Port fusion injector. (The panel has a Klingon slumped across it, so Reed and T'Pol haul him away.) [Shuttlepod] Are you okay? I saw a galley on the schematics. Deck four, blue sector. I'll see what I can find. They look like worms. I promised myself I wouldn't do this. Don't you mean, for a human? This may sound strange but I envy you sometimes. I know, another pesky human emotion, but there are times I wish I could just ignore my feelings. Bury them the way Vulcans do. Excuse me? (T'Pol kneels in front of her.) Whatever it is you're trying to do, it's not working. (T'Pol shifts her fingers.) That was amazing. Thanks. (The ship jolts.) I say we try the weapons. One thousand metres. Two thousand. Three thousand. (Detonation, We've moved up, but only two hundred metres. A compartment just collapsed. Deck three, green sector. Six. It won't be enough. We already tried. It didn't work. Fire them all. What if we detonated all the torpedoes at once? I don't know about you but I'm willing to take the chance. I was thinking more like five hundred. Look, I didn't come all this way to get crushed in the atmosphere of some anonymous gas giant. Loading ports one through six. Torpedoes armed. (as she presses the launch button, circuits explode on the bridge) [Shuttlepod] You're closer. What if we picked up something your scans can't detect? Oh, I could stay in here all day. Do you smell that? Exactly. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Dr. Phlox can only keep twelve of them in the Decon chamber at a time. He's rotating them. They seem to be doing fine on our atmosphere but they need at least six hours of boron gas a day. He says we've got enough to get them home. Yes, sir. They're pretty rattled. Most of them have been on that ship for years. It's a lot to digest they lost everything. No, and he feels terrible about the damage to Enterprise. He has no idea what went wrong. When they approached our docking port they lost control of their sensor array, and then a few seconds later their navigation system went out. I saw the wreckage on the asteroid. There wasn't much left. Shuttlepod one, this is Enterprise. Please respond. Transmitting new co-ordinates. Adjust your heading to the new coordinates. We will rendezvous in two days. Commander and Lieutenant, please respond. They're hailing us again. We'll have to send our readings to the publisher so they can put out a revised edition. Sir, I'm picking up a transmission from Echo three. (Archer signs a PADD and hands it back to the red-haired woman - a yeoman?) It's Admiral Forrest. How is that possible? No response. If this is anything like the Amazon, good luck. A campsite, sir. Are you studying wildlife here? One more reason I am happy to spend the night in my own bunk. Anyway, it's the things you can't see that I'd be worried about. Apparently they crawl into your ear to lay their eggs. Have a nice night. [Campsite] Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. I wonder what caused the crash. You're not afraid it's really haunted, are you? I can't trace the signal. He must have scrambled the carrier wave. I'm tracing it now. Bearing one seven eight mark twelve. I'm triaxilating the signal, sir. If we were in the middle of Starfleet headquarters no one would pick it up. It's Captain Archer. We're being hailed. It's him. Those patrol ships are closing fast. Here they come. Two direct hits. They're veering off. They took heavy damage. They're both attempting to land. Tostka. Insult. Some kind of an insult. I'm not sure. Kjass. Skjask las? You eat like you mate? I think they want to leave. Jhaaratun yiitooratt loorii. Does anybody hear that? Frequency distortions mixed in with the static. It's coming from the comm. system. Twice. I guess today is just not my day. Slowly. Hwajat, their word for eat. With the emphasis on the first syllable, hwa-jat, it means to mate. Context is critical in every language but Kreetassan has the most subtle variations I've ever seen. The same word can have a dozen different meanings. You think it was my fault? You implied it. But you think if I picked up the language faster they might have not stormed off the ship. Thanks. (Trip walks onto the Bridge.) Commander, I'm picking up some kind of interference from the comm. system. A high-frequency distortion. Mostly just irritating. Thanks. No, thanks. I'm turning in early. I've had enough language problems for one day.(Out in the corridor Hoshi hears something, and puts her ear to the bulkhead. We see the filament creature on the other side.) [Engineering] How did it get onboard? I'll do my best. If it's intelligent maybe we can communicate with it. The frequency distortions, they look a lot like the phonetic patterns in certain Andorian dialects. What other choice do we have? Give me a chance. Sub-Commander. Believe me, you'd be the first to know. I'm sorry. It's frustrating. I'm not having a lot of luck. Maybe I don't have the expertise. I'm doing my best. I've made a little progress, but our translation matrix isn't designed for this. Look at it. It's more like a calculus equation than a language. What I'm trying to say is that I could use help from someone with a background in higher mathematics. I already tried. I wouldn't be much of a comm. officer if I didn't. Neither will questioning everything I do. I didn't ask for you to keep count of every time I make a mistake, or to second-guess all of my decisions. This goes beyond duty, Sub-Commander. You've been looking over my shoulder ever since you came on board. Double-checking my log entries, my translations. Is that all we're talking about? You don't think I belong on Enterprise, do you. Yes. Why don't we take another look at the sub-harmonics. I was thinking we could run it through the decryption matrix, see if we can find a pattern. All I see is numbers, codes. Here, here it is. I found a third set of repetitions. Try it. Just a few more and the UT can start building a syntax. I'm going to create distortions in the tone. Hopefully, the organism will understand what I'm trying to do. (Phlox's scanner shows vital signs at dangerously low levels. After her It's talking to us. Hold on. It's giving us coordinates. These look more like the latitude and longitude. I think it's trying to give us an exact location of the planet. Look at all of them. I read that at any time there can be thousands of visitors there speaking hundreds of different languages. How I relax is my business. Why don't you come with me? I'm happy to do it. I'm looking forward to meeting her. Thanks. Well, if there's anything else I can do. I just hope it's Spartan enough, sir. (Hoshi leaves.) We're being hailed. It's the Mazarite High Council. They're hailing us. I can't get through. That ship's jamming all our comm. frequencies. He's not answering. Not dead enough. We were just talking about my quarters. Pash tah. Sub-Commander. (Hoshi leaves.) Well, what's it like? Did you do anything there? Our aft sensors are still out of alignment. The Mazarites are still jamming us. They're hailing us. I don't see how, sir. We may have gotten a message through to them, sir, but I'm not sure. The comm. just went down, sir. They're hailing us. Sir, the Captain of the Sh'Raan wants to speak to you. We're being hailed. No. It's coming from a city on the far side of the desert. That's the best I can give you. The entire region is flooded with jamming signals. Why Montana? Of all the places the Vulcans could have landed they chose Bozeman, Montana. Well, how did they know it wouldn't alarm other nations? An alien species makes contact with the United States. It could have made a lot of other countries nervous. It seems to me that we're going to run into similar problems. We get invited to dinner, and before you know it we're accused of taking sides in a war. He's hailing us. I'm glad you decided to take some time off, sir. That sounds kind of dangerous. Is that all you two think about? I plan on doing something constructive with my time. I have been relying on the universal translator far too much. Before I left Earth, I learned thirty eight languages and now all I do is push a button and the computer does all the work. Not this time. I left my translator on Enterprise. Tikara. (Hello) It's a beautiful night. Why do you say that? Slowly please. I'm just learning Risan. When I go someplace I like to learn the language. Just today and tomorrow. Na. No. How am I doing? Sara. (Thank you) Thank you, I'll try. Goodnight. (The couple leave and a young man comes to Hoshi's table.) Ikara. Oh. It's my job. I'm the Communications Officer on a starship. Shikara Hoshi. My name is Hoshi About forty. Not yet. Klingon was hard. It took me months to master the conjugations. Where are you from? That's the name of your planet? Say it slower. Try it again. I'm not ready to give up. Will you teach me? I'm sorry. I give up. I never thought that I'd hear a language I couldn't learn. It only took you one day to pick up English. Teacher. Oh, we don't have anything exactly like it. The closest thing would be a strawberry.  It tastes like a kiwi. What? What? Sure. Why not? Kiss. That's called a kiss. Avec plaisir. That's French. Morning. Very. I could spend the entire day right here, but I'm afraid the shuttle's coming to pick me up in a few hours. Two days and two nights. That's all we had. Took advantage of me? Not for a minute. [Sickbay] (Phlox loads a hypospray.) What's that smell? As a matter of fact, I learned several new conjugations. Enterprise to Shuttlepod one. Captain Archer, please respond. The shuttlepod's attitude isn't right. Not yet. Now. [Sickbay] We could see the colony in full magnification, sir. The ground was scorched for at least a hundred kilometres in every direction. Sir, I tried to explain. There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. It's Admiral Forrest, sir. The atmospheric analysis of the probe is coming through. Even if they have, they'd take me back. I'm a prodigy, remember? How about you? What if they made you Captain? You're going to be the most famous Boomer around, you know. Then it's our job to let the people back home know what really happened. Anyone who tries to bad-mouth Captain Archer in front of me is going to get an earful in any language they want. [Deleted scene - Launch bay] Aye, sir. What for? We'll do our best, Captain. I wouldn't know, sir. Our comm. is on the fritz. [Corridor] Aren't we in range of their sensors, sir? They're charging weapons. The Stealth Cruiser was definitely in orbit of the Paraagan colony when the explosion took place. They were monitoring us very closely. There are sensors logs that tracked our course, our altitude, even our hull temperature. Look at these. (Lovely shots of Enterprise viewed from underneath with the planet behind.) Those cloaking devices sure come in handy. We're being hailed. (in Sickbay) There's nothing left. No buildings, no trees, no people. We didn't have time to make a copy. Isn't there some other way that I can help out? Something that needs translating? You know how claustrophobic I am. [Travis's quarters] How far would I have to go to get to the Doctor's quarters? Then how far to Lieutenant Reed's? Good guess. Great. If you don't mind I'd just like to get this over with. (Phlox gives her the hyposprays.) Whatever you're about to say I don't want to hear it. Just get me a shirt. [Transporter alcove] (Two Suliban come across T'Pol dressed and sitting on the floor, muttering to herself.) Don't worry. Cell ships, thirty of them, thirty five, approaching at high warp. Not yet. (Explosions.) The lead ships are overtaking us. Why'd they stop firing? No Vulcan ship. (The cell ships start to veer off.) Tell him I'm on my way. The thyroid gland? (something) (something) (something) Doctor. They need a translator. I should be at my post. Thank you, Doctor. [Hull] (Archer arrives at the scene of the incident.) I can try. They say they've annexed this planet in the name of something called The Romalin Star Empire. Five, sir, and it wasn't exactly grovelling. They were offended. Five days. (answering comm.) Go ahead. (as she and T'Pol leave) Feel better, Porthos. We've just received a transmission from the Kreetassans. [Bridge] It's their reconciliation demands. The Captain's not going to believe this. Captain, I didn't. Do we have a chainsaw on board? I apologise. We weren't aware that it was required. I'll explain it to the Captain immediately. I understand. I'll (The viewscreen reverts to the planet image.) HOSHI: I'll let him know. [Sickbay] (Archer is woken by Phlox talking in an alien language, footsteps running around and chirps. He opens the curtain to discover the doctor is chasing a bat with a butterfly net.) Hey, are you all right? What are they trying to do to you? They're anxious to get your response to their last transmission. They also suggested that we should synchronise our time to their capital city. It's not a requirement, sir, just a courtesy. How's Porthos? Go ahead. Feel better. (T'Pol isn't wearing a top when they face each other to massage decon gel into each others shoulders.) Yes, sir. Sub-commander T'Pol and I broke it down and It's a couplet from one of their oldest political documents. Go ahead, sir. Understood, sir. I'm sorry, sir. They're barely within range. Nothing. Maybe it's abandoned. Still no response to our hails. I wanted to say goodbye. I've seen a body before. Fifteen of them on that alien ship. I was hoping it was another one of his practical jokes. Travis called me down to decon a few weeks ago. He said that he brought some kind of gelatinous lifeform aboard. He said it might be sentient, that the Captain needed me to figure out how to communicate with it. There was no lifeform. It was only strawberry gelatine. I told him I was going to get him back. I'm sorry. What? The station's tapped in to the ship's umbilical ports. It's overriding our command functions. I can't. Our access codes have been scrambled. [Station data core] Life support's failing. It's probably more deuterium customers. Do you mind, Lieutenant? (She goes over to Maklii.) HOSHI: I can see your finger tensing on the trigger before you fire. It's throwing off your aim. I used to make the same mistake. Keep your eye on the target and don't squeeze the trigger until you have a clear shot. (She demonstrates, The Vulcan database says it has a methane-based atmosphere. We were just hailed by the Vulcan ship Nyran, sir. It's approaching the system at high warp. They're asking to speak with Captain Archer. Yes, sir. Captain Tavek says he has a message from Admiral Forrest. He seems very anxious to speak with Captain Archer. What shall I tell him? There's no record of them ever having spoken, but I can't be certain. If he has, the Vulcan database doesn't mention it. I need to spend more time in the gym. I could have spent all day in that temple.  [Decon chamber] I don't suppose it has anything to do with the tactical situation down there. Kultarey. I did everything but tear up the floor plating. I think I can narrow down the search, Captain. An inverse carrier wave should amplify its power signature. With any luck, I'll be able to isolate it.  [Bridge] I'm getting something. I've got it down to two square kilometres. I'll try. I've isolated the signal to within three city blocks. That's the best I can do, sir. If they're in a public place, the communicator would draw attention. The comm. line's open. Somewhere in this district. It hasn't moved. Maybe they took a train or a car. There are nearly a hundred thousand people in that part of the city. They're here, inside this compound. Right away.  [Launch bay - Cell ship] (The little sphere is wide open.) Sub-Commander, another communiqué. It's from a General Gosis to the Chancellor. He said they've captured two enemy spies. They're going to hang them.  [Launch bay - cell ship] The orange spinach? Why don't we let him tackle that when he gets back? I have something else in mind. (She calls up an oriental recipe on the monitor.) It's one of my grandmother's specialties. The recipe's been passed down for generations. Oh no. You can resequence all the chicken and potatoes you want, but I am making this from scratch. [Sickbay] (Phlox is grinding herbs with pestle and mortar when Travis enters.) How is it? (A crewwoman nods.) Enjoying your lunch? It's called oden. Every Japanese family has their own way of preparing it. Thank you. Lieutenant, you barely touched yours. I'll get you a fresh bowl. It's no problem. Are you sure there's nothing wrong with it? Salty? (She takes a sip.) HOSHI: It tastes fine. Is this too salty? Something's not right. Hand me the Kreetassan spice. I'll add it to the stock. Oh, I'm out of carrots. Carrots! I believe I'm in charge of the galley. You're relieved. Get out! [Armoury] I have eighty three people to feed, not just senior officers. I don't have time for special orders. Anyway, you'll like this better. It'll be ready in one minute, sir. If you're so hungry, fix yourself a sandwich. That is a very complex recipe. I will not serve it till it's just right. My family's reputation is at stake. (Then the klaxon goes off) These are at least three hundred years older than the ones in the last chamber. No. How about you? You're a budding linguist. Let's get a shot of that one.(A Captain, these ruins have very thick walls. I'm sure we'll be safe inside. [Situation room] But sir, these buildings are [Planet surface] Over four thousand years old. I'm sure they've survived hundreds of these storms. [Situation room] Couldn't we wait it out inside the shuttle? Polarise the hull plating. [Situation room] Have you ever done this? Your molecules get pulled apart. Do you know how many molecules you're made up of? All right, how many? That's a pretty big jigsaw puzzle. What if some other pieces get put in the wrong place? You know, I bet a lot of them look real similar. Okay, okay, but you go first and if you get to Enterprise in one piece I'll be right behind you. (into communicator) Commander? I'm on my way, sir. (She picks up a case and dashes into the open.) Ensign Sato ready for transport. [Transporter alcove] I'll let you know. [Hoshi's quarters] (She's washing her face and examining very closely when the door bell chimes.) Come in. (Archer stays on the threshold.) I guess you could say that, sir. I'll be at my post in a few minutes. I just want to clean up and change. Thank you. Sir? I'm sure Commander Tucker can find someone else to hold the second flash unit. I don't want to get lost. Too much excitement for one day. I could really use some rest, sir. Anyone sitting here? Is anyone sitting here? It was very unsettling. Didn't you find it unsettling? I don't know. I just don't feel right. Not the storms, it's the transporter. I don't feel like myself since I went through it. I need to check the medical database and find out what happened to people they used when they were testing that thing. Cyrus Ramsey? Am I supposed to? What happened to him? What happened to him? I must have fallen asleep before the ghost stories. See you later. [Sickbay] Doctor? Doctor Phlox. Hello? (Suddenly he's behind her.) I just looked in there. Were you in there? Did you hear me come in? You didn't hear me? No, I'm not feeling well. I dematerialised, and then I rematerialised and, no, I'm not feeling well. Doctor, I'm not talking about the storms. I'm talking about my molecules. Don't tell me they talk about him on Denobula. I just don't feel right. Ever since the transport, I've been shaky, not myself. No? How about this? (She indicates a mark by her nose.) It's not where it used to be. It was a good centimetre lower. It's not a joke, Doctor. If that machine could move a birthmark, who knows what else it could do. I'm telling you, I don't feel right. Hello? What time is it? Eleven hundred hours, that's impossible. My shift starts at oh eight hundred. I'm sorry, Captain, I don't know what happened. Taken hostage by who? People? There wasn't a biosign on the planet. How could you possibly know that? (comm. beep) It's Mayweather's communicator. I need more. I'm sorry, sir, it's not working. I'm going to need more. Ajas sukas. Tag zra uras turana. If I went back to the universal translator, maybe I could I can't. I know. I don't understand what he's saying. I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Captain, I realise I overslept. I don't know how it happened, but please, I don't want to go back to my quarters. Anyone sitting here? Sub-commander? (T'Pol finally looks up from her book.) Thank you. I would've thought you'd be on the Bridge. Commander Tucker. Travis. It's only been an hour since I left the Bridge. What happened? I don't understand. How? That's impossible. I ran every linguistic algorithm. If we've decrypted their language, I should get back to the Bridge. It sounds like the Captain might want to speak with them again. Alison. (She gets totally blanked.) What? Can you see me? Can you see me? Something's wrong, Doctor. Something's very wrong. Ever since I used that transporter nothing has been the way that it's supposed to be. I couldn't translate a simple, bi-modal syntax, but Crewman Baird could. Crewman Baird doesn't know the first thing about our linguistic database. And Captain Archer told me to stay in my quarters, but my mirror doesn't want to give me a solid reflection and my shower can't decide whether to bounce off me or go through me. Nobody wants to talk to me. Sometimes I think they don't even see that I'm there. The turbolift control won't even respond to me. You won't put this on my medical record, will you? Not funny, Doctor. If it's all the same to you the last thing I need right now is to be medicated. First thing. Thank you, Doctor. (the door control responds to her touch, and she smiles) [Gymnasium] (Trip is using the 360 degree ball contraption, presumably something to do with weightless training.) I was taught never to contradict a superior officer. The Captain told me what happened. Did they treat you all right? I'm sorry I wasn't more helpful trying to translate. I don't know what happened. I get motion sickness, remember? Have you felt okay since we were transported yesterday? I didn't think I was, but the doctor seems to feel my symptoms are psychological. I just haven't been myself. Everything's a little off ,even the laws of physics. It's okay. Phlox promises me I'll be fine. (Tucker gets out of the ball thing.) I hope it's just a question of being anxious. I saw my reflection become transparent. I saw water pass right through my hand. I'm not convinced that the transporter put me back the way it was supposed to. You men are all alike. Thank God you're here. I've been stuck in here for hours. The door control is Commander. Yes, she is. It wasn't your fault. You're wrong, Doctor. I'm still in one piece. You just can't see me. Don't waste your time. It's not me. If you spent a little more time trying to figure out what happened to (She hears another voice and goes to investigate.) Lieutenant? You can see me? Captain, I need you to listen to me. There are aliens on board from the surface. They're planting bombs on D deck. You've got to hear me. The ship is in danger. (The comm. chimes) You don't have time for this. I'll find something that'll get your attention. (She starts going around the room, putting her hand into the bulkheads at various places.) We're all going to be dead if I don't get him to notice this. How about Morse code? You know Morse Code, don't you? Come on, listen. Can you hear it? Come on. (Archer turns his head towards the tiny noises.) HOSIHI: That's right. It's not supposed to be making that noise, is it? Listen, you can hear it. SOS. SOS. It's a call for help. I need you to hear it. (Archer sees the indicator light on the ceiling beam flashing in time to Hoshi's signal.) That's right, show it to her. One of you will figure it out. (T'Pol enters.) Let's see how good your memory is. H, O, S, H, I. Come on. I'm not outside this room, I'm right here. Tomorrow's too late. They're going to blow up the ship. Captain!(The aliens have finished planting their devices in the Jefferies, and are now arming them. Hoshi follows them as they go to Engineering, where she watches through a ventilation grill as they put devices on the warp core right under the eyes of the unseeing engineering staff.) [Jefferies tube] (While an alien's back is turned, Hoshi puts her hand into one of the bombs and switches it off. All the devices disarm. The second alien comes in and replaces the damaged unit, and Hoshi cannot turn this one off. The aliens cannot see her either. Then the aliens make a bigger device materialise. It's a transporter platform, and one uses it to leave while the other gets the bombs rearmed.) No, wait! (The remaining alien beams away.) What? Where are they? We've got to stop them. You heard me? You can hear me? Do you see me? (storming off) It's not fine. They put a bomb on the warp reactor.  (Tucker grabs her arm.) The aliens from the surface. What are you talking about? They kidnapped you and Travis. We've got to stop them. Trouble? Are you saying that I was just on the surface? Do you have a mirror? Forget it. And I was sure I was going to be the next Cyrus Ramsey. Well, I hope you don't plan on beaming me anywhere for a long time. I was trying to save Enterprise. It's all in my head, remember? If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd like to stick to shuttlepods for the time being. Captain, if you don't mind. (He steps back and lets her open the door for herself.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. Commander? Hello? (Tucker pops up from under the flooring.) Give or take an adverb. At least you don't have to work alone. Who is she? Any idea? A doctor? It's not polite to stare, Commander. Let me know if you have any problems with that translation. No response. Pretty well, sir. A few days in this place should cure anyone of claustrophobia. You're the Captain. Can't you order the storm to calm down a little? I'm out of desserts. Thanks, Chef. Who's picking these movies? Shouldn't we all get a vote? I've isolated your comm. frequencies. They won't hear a thing. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Commander Tucker, do you read me? They're hailing us.(A grey skinned alien with aggressive bony ridges radiating out across the face from the bridge of his nose.) Captain, I'm picking up a transmission. I can't tell yet. I'm trying to get a lock. [Deleted scene] Enterprise. A Vulcan transport has requested permission to dock, sir. They've already left the surface. They've asked that the doctor join you, and Sub-Commander T'Pol. Right away, sir. [Corridor] There's a message for you coming from the surface. Right away. [Ready room] It doesn't make any sense. We're orbiting an alien world, and most of the crew are free to go down and visit. Why would anyone want to stay on board and watch a movie? It sounds like you're the one picking the movies. Who else would choose an obscure horror film? Why not something a little more, I don't know, romantic? I'm going down to the surface. (Feezal enters and selects a meal.) There's a shuttle leaving at eighteen hundred hours. Okay, but I have to leave in a few minutes. Please. I'm Hoshi Sato. I've been meaning to introduce myself. (in Denobulan) Doctor Phlox has been teaching me Denobulan. (in Denobulan) I'm still having trouble with the transitive verbs. Matter of fact, we were.(Feezal rubs her foot against Tucker's leg.) She's pulling your leg, sir. I was only talking about grammar. I've got to go. It was very nice to meet you. (Hoshi leaves.) I'm trying, sir, but if the Vulcans can't find them. Yes, sir. Commander. I can't be sure. You see this EM differential here? It's definitely a biosign. I'm ninety percent sure it's human. I need another hour. We're being hailed by the Vulcans and the Andorians. We're being hailed from the surface. It's the Captain. We're being hailed. Someone's trying to open Launch bay two. I can't. I don't know, but I don't think he was paying you a compliment. No response. We're being hailed by the Suliban. (She puts them onscreen.) Their comm. system's down. They're hailing us. They've locked on to both docking ports. They're cutting through the doors. [Launch bay two] They're disengaging. (The four dart ships go to warp.) Aye, sir. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A Vulcan transport is en route to tow the Tal'Kir. Fortunately, there were no casualties. Our long range scanners show no sign of Tholians or Suliban in our vicinity. [Captain's mess] Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer  [Bridge] Please respond. Enterprise to Shuttlepod One. Captain Archer, please respond. There's only one more log entry after that. Something about a pan zan match. It's a sporting event. The Captain said it was the closest thing to water polo he's seen since we left Earth. I'm picking up an automated distress signal. The signal originated near our rendezvous coordinates, but they've stopped transmitting. No response. They're trying to hail the prison transport. They're not getting a response. We're in visual range. No response, sir. I'm not even detecting a transceiver on board. Aye, sir. Captain, we've been getting reports from all over the ship. Some of the crew are acting very strange. We polarised the hull plating as soon as we detected that ship. Obviously it didn't do any good. What's keeping them from taking all of us? I thought you said we needed to get out of here. It would be best if they stayed where they were. We're offering them a great opportunity. They may never get another chance to experience existence as we do. I understand how you may be frightened by all this. Losing your substance, existing as perceptive energy, but you'll be grateful once you've made the crossing, I promise you. Those who've preceded you are safe and happy. They'll understand. You'll understand. [Catwalk] (Lights are up and people are settling in like last time.) There's been an accident. Hoshi Sato's been injured. I don't know how to repair the damage to her body. Her leg is fractured. She's in considerable pain. She needs assistance. [Hoshi's quarters] (Phlox has brought a phase pistol with him. He presses the intercom.) She's on the floor. She can't move. (He enters, and keeps the pistol pointed at her while he does a scan from just our of reach.) I need to find the rest of your crew. Where are they? (Phlox gets a hypospray from his bag and injects her. She passes out.) No, sir. Bridge to Mayweather. Bridge to Ensign Mayweather. We've gotten a response from the Horizon. It's your mother. Echo Three's within range. It shouldn't be too hard to set up a downlink. [Situation room] Bridge to Captain Archer. You might want to look out the window, sir. (Volcanoes are erupting very violently.) [Bridge] (The ship shakes briefly.) Feeding time? What is that? Why? Is it dangerous? I just came by to give you this transmission. It's from the Denobulan Science Academy. Marked urgent. Their reactor casings ruptured. The Captain's asking the Xantoras for permission to go back down.  Captain. He says his time is precious. Enterprise to Commander Tucker. Please respond. The interference is pretty heavy, sir. There's a call coming in from the Vissian Captain, sir. He sounds upset. Does Starfleet know where the vessel is now?  There's a lot of interference. To any ship within range, we're under attack by an unknown species. Request immediate assistance. That's it, sir.  Room service. (Phlox has some mottling on his neck by the holes left by the tubules.) Rootleaf lettuce for your slugs, Vulcan sandworms for the bat and angel hair pasta for the ship's physician. You need to keep up your strength. Well, it's right here if you change your mind. Oh, it's Lieutenant Reed's idea. If you come near me, I'm supposed to shoot you. It's going to be a few hours before we catch up with that transport. I'm sure that Captain Archer wouldn't mind if I stayed for a little while, kept you company. I'm armed, remember? You've looked after me more times than I can count. I want to return the favour. Do you mind if I feed your animals before I go? [Maintenance area] (The exposed circuits have a lot of green about them.) They're sending a transmission, some kind of activation sequence. I can't. [Maintenance area] (The Starfleet displays vanish from the monitors and are replaced with alien ones made of roundels.) They're hailing us. Audio only.  We've been boarded. Six biosigns, C deck. They're cutting into the hull. E deck, starboard forequarter. Sorry to interrupt, Captain. It's Admiral Forrest.   I'm picking up weapons fire on E deck, the starboard airlock.    We're being hailed, Commander. It's the Tellarite ship.  You're being hailed, Captain.  He's speaking to Admiral Forrest. It’s the third time in the last hour. They're not responding. They want you, sir. They're saying they won't destroy Enterprise if you surrender to them. Archer's an enemy of the Empire. He must be brought to justice if honour's to be regained.  It's Captain Ramirez, sir, on the Intrepid. I think I might need to brush up on my Japanese. That'll make life a whole lot easier. Not so magical. I haven't read it yet. Captain, I'm sending these books home to my mother. It'll give me more shelf space. There's been a lot written about alien languages since we've been gone. My mother. Thought it was time to upgrade my civvies. Why would you think that? And that means I'm not capable of handling myself on the new mission? I don't know what's inside this Expanse, sir, but I think I've proven that I can handle myself in difficult situations and even provide a little help along the way. I assume you have no problem with my remaining on board. We've been in here for more then six hours. Aye, sir. We're being hailed. The Expanse is ahead, Captain.  Is this seat taken? (The MACOs all stand.) I'm Hoshi Sato. Military Assault Command. You seem to have all gotten your space legs. What do you think of our doctor, Sergeant? I imagine you don't run into many Denobulans in Duluth, Minnesota. You may have left Duluth, but you've still got plenty of Duluth left in your inflections. I'm sure Captain Archer will let us know when he has reason to.  There's an audio message coming in from the mine foreman.  Both shuttlepods have left the surface. Everybody plus one. Still at warp four. ETA approximately seven minutes. Our transceiver's offline.  They're trying to download our database. There would still be some residual particles. Bridge to Captain Archer.  While I was translating the cargo manifest, something caught my eye. Look at these markings. I had to double-check, but I was pretty sure that I had seen this ideography before. This is a piece of the Xindi probe that crashed on Earth. At least three of the symbols are an exact match. [Brig] Pretty close. Less than a kilometre, but we need to have the access codes. Go ahead. We're not close enough. Another fifty metres. I'm into the computer. I haven't found the Xindi database. I'm losing them. I've found it, Captain. A few minutes. They're getting too far away. I'm losing the comm. link again. About a third of it. I'm back in. I've got eighty percent, eighty five. I've got ninety percent. Right about the time the Xindi were here. Captain. A body. (A very burnt body.) Maybe it was one of the other two. Are you all right? Why are you talking to her? She's trying to delay us. Our people are there. Don't trust her. She's not one of us. Urquat? Tell me. What was it like?  You said they'd be waiting for us. Someone's coming. Can I help you? I know. News travels fast on a starship. I'm Ensign Hoshi Sato. I just happen to be going that way. (They start walking.) I'm the ship's Communications Officer. I'd love to hear your language. [Turbolift]
