Excuse me. Don't blame Neelix. I never should have gone to the surface. I'm too curious. I'm told it's my worst failing. I'm afraid Jabin was right. There's no way to get down. The tunnel I came out has been sealed. There are breaches in the security barrier where it's begun to decay. That's how I got out. Neelix, these people rescued me. With their help. It would be wrong not to help them now.  [Ocampa settlement - Garden] (Saxifrages and other water-retentive plants in rows. Kes leads Janeway, Tuvok, Chakotay and Neelix.) Hello, Daggin. These people rescued me from the Kazon. I'm trying to help them find two of their crewmen. Does anyone know where the aliens are kept? The ones the Caretaker sends here? They can't speak telepathically, Toscat. Please talk aloud. That's right. They don't understand. They have no way of knowing that the Ocampa have been dependent on the Caretaker for so long, we can't even think for ourselves any more. They don't understand we were once a people who had full command of our mind's abilities. We lost those abilities because we stopped using them. We've gained a talent for dependence, for simply taking what we're given. I'm going to help them, Toscat, whether you like it or not, and I think my friends will join me. I've learned very well, Toscat. I saw the sunlight. I can't believe that our Caretaker would forbid us to open our eyes and see the sky. Come with me. We'll find your people.  [Shaft] (A metal fire escape type staircase winds around a large shaft that goes up towards the surface. There are some flickering lights. Torres and Kim have torches and shovels. They start up, slowly. After a while -) Probably the same way I did. Up one of the ancient tunnels. (helping Torres) Don't worry. I know we can get through the barrier. [Tunnel] (The horizontal tunnel in the rock is partially blocked by a force field, but there is a gap at one edge where a rock has fallen.) Whatever you do, don't touch it. We've been told it'll burn your skin off. [Shaft] Of course not. We won't be passengers. Captain, we both want very much to be a part of your journey. (Janeway nods.)  [Bridge] (Chakotay and Torres are in Starfleet uniform. So is Ayala.)
We have some excellent suggestions, Captain. I've been thinking that you might be able to convert one of your lower decks into a hydroponics bay to grow your own food. I understand that the replicators are down and that the emergency rations won't hold out much longer. Me? Right away. Event horizon? Computer, activate the Emergency Medical Holographic system. Actually, there is no emergency. I'm creating a hydroponics bay. I was told you could provide me with some nitrogenated soil samples. I'm sorry if You are the only doctor we have. Four samples will be enough. You're very sensitive, aren't you? I'm talking about you as a person. Doctor, has your programme altered your appearance since I came to Sickbay? When I first came in, your head was at the same height as this cabinet. But now you look at least ten centimetres shorter. (The EMH is slightly shorter than Kes. He goes to his desk and uses the computer.) I'm sorry I bothered you with this. What's your name? I'd just like to know what to call you besides Doctor. Kes. Computer, end programme.  [Bridge] CAREY
I had to know. None. I don't know. I saw them burn. Their bodies ashes where they stood. I don't think so. It was almost telepathic. Who? Neelix. My ancestors were said to have unusual mental abilities. I always have. [Ruined plaza] (Paris takes something round from a ledge. It has a series of numbers in red LED on it. 401-22-84.) I'm not a member of the Starfleet crew. And the crew from another ship that was destroyed. Fluids? Computer, end programme. I have to go with you. I've already seen it. I have to go. [Room] (Paris is tending Janeway's head wound. Two men come down the stairs. The older man speaks first.) It's as though I can sense the people who were here. No, it's more than that. I almost feel as if I could touch the people who were here. Captain? [Room] (Janeway feels her too.) I don't know. I just can. They've been in this room, I know it. No, the Captain did come. She was here. This is where she died. [Corridor] I had to know. The planet. Everyone was killed. There was this terrible explosion. No, it was more than a dream. I'm sorry. Captain, is it possible to see this planet on the view screen? Thank you. (Kes and Neelix leave.)
What happened? I'm not leaving. I can survive with one lung, can't I? What if I donated a lung to Neelix? I want to know what this means. What are you going to do to him? Oh, you'll make the time, because I'm not going to let you perform any experimental surgery on Neelix until I know exactly what you're doing and what the risks are. How long will he have to stay like that? I'm not sure. But I do know that I want him to live. [Chamber] (Tuvok leads the away team down the tunnel. Kim opens the door at the end and they enter a version of sickbay with a metal operating bed and large jars holding tissue samples.) But we're trying to find the aliens that did this to you. The Captain is doing everything she can. Thanks for everything. (Paris leaves.) What are you talking about? Neelix Neelix, you're over-reacting. Tom's been very supportive. You really have nothing to worry about. We're friends, that's all. This is ridiculous. I'm not going to argue with you about something that exists only in your imagination. I know you, Neelix, and I know you're afraid. I just want you to know that no matter what happens, I'll be here with you. Neelix Stop that. We're going to get through this together. When can I come back? I'll see you then. (Kes kisses Neelix and leaves. The EMH reaches across Neelix's head.) Of course. Are you all right? You seem agitated about something. You mean Neelix. I thought Tom Paris was assigned to you. I don't know anything about holographic engineering, but if you want my opinion, you haven't been acceptable, you've been remarkable. Give yourself some credit. You saved his life. You did, not some programme. That's exactly how it seems. How does a real doctor learn to deal with patient's emotional problems anyway? Aren't you capable of learning? Then I guess you'll just have to learn like the rest of us. Me. No, I want to do it, Neelix. I'm willing to take the risk. Besides, you've done so much for me, let me give you something this once. Just for once I feel a little light-headed. Of course I'm interested. When do we start? Thank you, Doctor.
Do all nebulas look like that? These people are natural born explorers, Neelix. I don't think the Captain is an idiot. She cares a great deal about her crew. I think it's wonderful. If I were Captain, I'd open every crack in the universe and peek inside, just like Captain Janeway does. I've never kissed anyone inside a nebula before. (Thump! Thump!) Neelix. Cooking always helps Neelix to unwind.
Epicondylitis, strained ligament, torn muscle and hairline fracture. I've studied all the material you gave me. I'm ready for more. You mean others act that way too. Doctor, I think I'd like to do more than study first aid. I'd be interested in knowing more about anatomy and physiology. I understand. I'll do my best. And I really appreciate your help. [Briefing Room] Am I interrupting? Ah, spinach juice with a touch of pear, please. Tom Paris introduced me to it, it's very nutritious. If there were a member of the crew whose needs weren't being met, would you want to know about it? Of course not, we're very happy here. I'm referring to the Doctor. I don't understand why people treat him the way they do. As though he doesn't exist. They talk about him while he's standing right there. They ignore him. They insult him. You can do that? It doesn't seem right. He's your Medical Officer. He's alive. He's self aware, he's communicative, he has the ability to learn. So because he's a hologram he doesn't have to be treated with respect or any consideration at all? Thank you, Captain. [Bridge] (At Engineering station 2, scan analysis 21166 shows the wormhole.) I've finished these and I'm ready for more. I enjoyed studying anatomy. It would be interesting to see an autopsy sometime. Malleus, incus and stapes. The tympanic membrane. Then you haven't heard? That we might be getting back soon. Everyone's talking about it. There may be a way to transport all of us to the Alpha Quadrant. Chief Torres and half of engineering are working on it right now. But can't we download your programme and take you with us? Thank you for everything. Anything. I promise. [Bridge] I don't think he'll make the mistake of ignoring you again. you're absolutely right. I'd be happy to.
If the hydroxy-proline level is elevated this high, you'd probably call for a pancreatic scan. So, have you given any more thought to a name? Why don't you choose one yourself? Why not? Well, you choose what medical treatment to give someone. I don't see the difference. I base decisions on information stored inside my brain. How's that so different from the way you access your programs? Do your programs have any names in them? So pick a name. Pick a name you like, perhaps from someone who inspires you. Those are good. Can you see yourself with any of those names? Take your time. After all, you will be that name for the rest of your life. Neodextramine solution? Will he regain consciousness? Do you really think Tom would lie to us? Tom? (Paris is suffering. Janeway nods. Tuvok carefully lines up his fingers on Paris' face.) [Tolen's memory]
Maybe we should get out of Sickbay, let you walk around for a while, clear your mind. Maybe get something to eat. Are you hungry? When people die on my world, we bury them beneath the soil, and we believe that their comra is released into the afterlife. Our soul, our spirit, the essence of our beings. Maybe something similar happens to you. I think there is only one person on this ship who could answer that question. [Briefing room] She's dead. I hope you find your afterlife, Ptera. [Waiting room]
And the crew would certainly welcome a little shore leave, Captain.
I'll run a cytological screening of the crew. Not very good. We need to completely replace his blood. Ensign, did you ever come in to leave a blood sample on file? I've been running a crew compatibility analysis and your file never came up. I was analysing her blood chemistry to try to locate a compatible donor. But when I got the results, her blood was lacking all the common Bajoran blood factors.
Doctor? I finished it yesterday. There's something bothering you. You're nervous about this mission, aren't you? Those things are familiar to you. You've been programmed to do them but, this is different, isn't it? You've been telling me that you deserve to be treated like a member of the crew. Well, here's your chance. And I can tell you that none of the crew knows exactly what to expect when they go on an away mission. Doctor, have you chosen a name for yourself yet? Then let me suggest you choose one before you go. It might help you feel more like a Starfleet officer. Good luck. (Kes leaves. Later - )
Hello? Is someone here? (We move with something as it passes her.) [Mess Hall kitchen] It's not the same. That was like, like hearing faint music from a faraway place. When I was in my quarters just now It was almost tangible. I felt like there was someone in the room with me. I don't know. A presence, that's all I can say. [Bridge] (A male Lieutenant reports to Janeway.) No, just that it's on the ship. I'm willing to do that.
Remarkable work, Doctor.
You've nothing to be sorry about, Neelix. (Janeway enters.) Neelix, if there's something wrong with you we should find out. Our doctor is the most skilled physician either of us has ever met. If you have this disease he won't stop until he's found some way to treat it. I don't think so. What a horrible story. How are you feeling? Neelix, you're protecting me again. I can understand your not wanting to talk about Rinax. I wasn't there, you're right. But I'm here now with you. We have to face this together. Before I met you, eight or nine years seemed like an eternity. It never occurred to me that anyone could live longer. Now that we're together, no matter how many years we have left, it doesn't seem like enough. But the important thing is to cherish whatever time we have together, whether it's a day or a decade. [Ready room] (Janeway is staring into space when the doorbell chimes.) Neelix. It's me, Palaxia. (Kes has burnt skin.) Why weren't you here to help us? I've been looking for you everywhere. Why did you take your comm. badge off? I'm sorry to bother you, but I was worried. I know how you must feel. On Talax, fighting with the defence forces. I don't understand. Why not? If the Talaxian authorities would have caught you, what would they have done? So, you put your life at risk for something you believed in, and you think that makes you a coward? I don't understand. Because you're dishonest. What an awful burden you've carried all these years. No wonder you're so angry with Jetrel. Is that really why? Every since Jetrel came on board you've despised him. The hurt and anger you've held in all these years was vented right at him. But was it really Jetrel you're angry with? Is he the one you blame for what happened? Or was he just a convenient target to keep you from looking somewhere else. Maybe you have to stop hating yourself first. [Sickbay]
Scanning beam is active. I don't detect any sign of infection in you, Lieutenant. I've exposed it to every anti-bacterial agent we have available. It hasn't responded. (Shudder.) Haven't I read that viruses can live inside bacteria? So maybe we should try the anti-viral agents on the gel-packs.
Trust me, Lewis. Yes, you know me. You remember me. Lewis, please, listen to Reg, he's trying to help you. Destroy this programme. Believe in yourself. You're not a programme, you're a real flesh and blood human being. And you're my husband. I don't want to lose you. Louis, please. Pick up the phaser, destroy the warp core. It's your only hope. What ever happens, I just want you to know, I love you. Thank you. We've been working for the past six hours to get you out of there. That's right. So you really think I'm beautiful? I see. Then you don't really love me. Then I guess our marriage is over. It isn't a joke to me, Lewis. I know we have problems but I think we can solve them. Listen to him, Lewis. I understand. But I'd still prefer it if you didn't tell Neelix about this. He tends to get a little jealous. It'll be our secret. What's that? Well, I sometimes ask those kind of questions. Who am I? What am I doing here? What's my purpose in life? Doesn't everybody? Are you sure about that? (Kes leaves. The EMH leaves his desk and strolls to the Sickbay door. It opens. He checks that the corridor is clear then sticks his arm out. It disappears up to the elbow. He pulls it back in, smiles, and goes back to his work.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Kazon. When they captured me, I saw how they concealed their weaponry. Or it may simply be a training site. Captain Janeway, I'm reading elevated radiothermic levels here. Captain, that panel is a micro-generator.
I can't get any response from the field coils. Stand by. The inputs have locked. We've got to flush the plasma injectors. Or maybe it's just a phase synchronisation adjustment. Plasma injectors. Right. That was not fair. Clogging someone's plasma injectors is a dirty trick. What was that? Computer, evasive manoeuvres. [Corridor]  I'll be ready for anything next time. And then suddenly we fell into a subspace anomaly. None of the readings made any sense. I didn't know what to do! Ah. Anyway, it was quite a learning experience. What happened? I heard that you They said that you and Tom Paris had I want to know, Neelix. Is it true that you were fighting? But [Turbolift] I did it during lunch. [Doctor's office] I'm fine. I'm fine. There are some things you can't cure. Neelix and Tom Paris had a physical fight over me. Delightful? That's not funny. Are all Talaxians so jealous? I love Neelix. Why can't he just accept that? His suspicions about Tom are completely unjustified. What do you mean? That's not true. Tom and I enjoy each other's company. We're friends. Are you saying that I didn't want to see it? On my homeworld it's so much simpler. You choose a mate for life. There's no distrust, no jealousy, no envy, no betrayal. I don't know how to handle something like this. What am I going to do?  Come in. Harry. Any word yet? Oh, I'm all right. It's just, I was very angry at them a few hours ago. And now they might both be dead. And I'm sitting here, and I'm feeling guilty for some reason. I don't know. But I don't like it. And it's their fault. And I can't even tell them how angry I am at them, and I may never be able to tell them how angry I am at them, so it doesn't matter, does it? And no one has stronger survival skills than Neelix. Unless they kill each other. Oh, they'd better be all right, because when I see them, I'm personally going to tell them that I never intend to speak to either one of them again. (Whumph!) We didn't know if you were dead or alive. What happened?
Yes, Captain? Right away.
Perhaps a day of rest, off duty. Call me day or night if this gets any worse. (Wildman leaves.) Don't you have any compassion for the way she feels? You've never been sick or in pain. I just wish once in your life you could know what it's like, how it makes you feel vulnerable and a little afraid. Then you'd understand. (Kes leaves.)  Computer, activate the Emergency Medical Holographic programme. I thought we changed your programme so you wouldn't have to say that anymore. Doctor. Are holograms supposed to sneeze? I think this is very brave of you. I'm sure you'll learn a lot. The Doctor gave himself the Levodian flu to see what it's like. He isn't feeling well. I'll see to that, Captain. [Bridge] Just rest, Doctor. Here's a cool holographic towel for your forehead. I have to. The Captain It's nothing to worry about. I just added a couple of hours to his computer programme. He'll be fine in about forty five minutes. Knowing when it would end didn't exactly make it a fair test, did it, Doctor? (Kes leaves.)
I see them. They're barely moving. With a fire. How do I do that?
And according to these readings, they were alive at the time, Captain.
I'll tell him you said so.
That's right. Why is that?
It had no effect.
Radiometric emitters are charged and ready. I'm sorry, Tom. If we let down the forcefield, you'll suffocate. Ready. We can try to revive him. Doctor, the rate of genetic mutation has accelerated by twelve percent. Leave Voyager? Why? Go where, Tom?  Doctor, the mutated DNA in his liver cells has begun to deteriorate, but the original coding isn't taking over.
The neurogenetic markers are normal. There's no tendency towards bipolar disorder. Aggressive, even violent tendencies. Don't you believe his confession, Tuvok? Levels of neuropeptides in the limbic systems are down fifteen percent. Two minutes, thirty seconds left. You'll be all right, Tuvok. This'll be over in thirty seconds. I'm sorry. I had them disable your telepathic abilities too. You can't reach me, Tuvok. He's lost consciousness.
I'm sure he'd be very pleased. I like it. You won't have any objection to Benaren. Benaren was my father's name. He was the greatest inspiration of my life. I thought you were only considering human names. If you like Benaren there's no reason you can't use it too. I'm sure she won't mind. My uncle's name was Elrem. I once knew a boy named Tarrik. [Bridge]
Vital signs steady. Second degree burns to face and chest. Maybe someone on the convoy told them. Maybe they came to rob the cargo, but when they realised there was a Starfleet officer But who would've told them? On Voyager? Who would do that?
Her renal organs are functioning at twenty percent of normal and her cardiovascular system is on the verge of collapse. Cardiovascular and renal systems are stabilising, but her neural patterns are fading. What is it? Could this be what's causing the problem? Are you saying it's some kind of artificial brain? But it's not working any more. What about trying to stimulate cell regeneration with a high dosage of inaprovaline? What are we doing exactly? Is there enough storage capacity in the holo-matrix for such complex data patterns? What good is preserving her synaptic patterns if there's no body?  Doctor, when you have a minute Why are you running a diagnostic? How long has this been going on? Since Denara came aboard. Maybe she's the reason you're feeling this way. Maybe you're attracted to her. Romance is not a malfunction. Your programming's adaptive, isn't it? Then I'd say it's adapting. Why wouldn't you? Why don't you reactivate her? Because when the other person feels the same way you do, it's the most wonderful thing in life. Of course. You'd have to tell her how you feel. Otherwise you may never know how she feels. [Sickbay] (Denara is back online, and she, the Doctor and Kes are gathered around her body.) Doctor, maybe now isn't the time to Are you feeling all right? Oh. You really like him, don't you? Then why didn't you tell him that you felt the same way when he told you that he was attracted to you? He's very blunt. You shouldn't take it personally. Maybe because you're compassionate person, a brilliant doctor, you appreciate his humour. Should I go on? One thing you're not very good at is accepting a compliment. The next time someone has something nice to say about you, maybe you should just take them at their word and feel good about yourself. Denara, I can't pretend to know what your life's been like. But I do know there's nothing sadder than a missed opportunity. Maybe what you and the Doctor need is to spend some time together, alone. [Sandrine's] Seven terahertz. Five hundred milligrams every four hours. Where could that have come from? No, I don't think so. But here's the hypospray I used. Check for yourself. Crewman Foster came in for some analgesic, and Ensign Wildman was here for her regular prenatal visit. Why? Who would want to kill her?
Don't forget to breathe, Samantha. Deep regular breaths. That's it. Can we reposition the baby? It doesn't look good, Doctor. The baby's cell membranes won't stabilise. Doctor, her cell membranes are losing cohesion. No effect. Nothing. (The baby is dead.)  I'll go. [Jefferies tube]  Lieutenant Hogan? I was running through the corridor with my medkit. Deck fifteen. And then suddenly I felt dizzy, and my vision started to blur. After that, I don't remember anything, until you woke me up just now. There was massive damage to deck fifteen. Yes. It's just. The baby's crying, it was like a bad memory. On my Voyager, during the delivery, there were complications. We performed a foetal transport. On my ship, the medical systems were heavily damaged. The osmotic pressure therapy didn't work. The baby died. Doctor, I've got to get back to my ship. They need my help. Yes. [Corridor] (Deck fifteen.)
You did very well. I think she was impressed.
Aye, Captain. [Cargo Bay] (The pods are arranged in a circle, leaning back at a forty five degree angle, and attached to a control console.)
Thank you for your concern, but I'll be fine. This scan is very delicate, so try to remain still for the next twenty minutes. Don't worry. We're going to figure it out. Would you mind if I asked you some questions about what you're going through? Well, do you feel as if you're thinking with two minds, two separate minds? Are Neelix and Tuvok inside of you, talking to me, talking to each other? No, of course not. Try to keep still. So, what should I call you? What? Tuvix it is. Why don't we finish the scan? Chief Medical Officer's Log, supplemental. Extensive microcellular scans on the merged humanoid have thus far yielded no clues to either a cause or a method of separation. [Sickbay] Commander Chakotay brought back a few samples on the shuttle and I ran a biochemical analysis. They contain the same elements as many plants. Chloroplasts, lysosomal enzymes, cytoplasmic proteins, but there's nothing unusual. That's right. Symbiogenesis? Like you. Oh, hello. Do you need something? Well, I, er Well, no. Actually That's right. Oh, they were absolutely delicious. These were a little different than usual. Did you change the recipe? I loved the mushrooms. Well, he says he has a system. But I guess you already know that. Why do you say that? I have to go. Thanks again for dinner. [Bridge] (Tuvix is at Tactical, in a normal uniform.) Come in. It's all right. Er, please, sit down. It's funny. If something happened to Tuvok, if Neelix were here, he'd be the first person to comfort me. And if I lost Neelix, Tuvok would be the first person to guide me spiritually. Now I don't have either of them. Thank you, but It's not your fault. Maybe we can help each other get through this. But I hardly know you. And besides, what about, what about Tuvok's wife for one thing? He was completely devoted to her. What happens when Voyager gets back home? Are you just going to forget her? How can you talk this way? Please go. Captain. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have bothered you this late. I'll, er, talk to you tomorrow. I wanted to talk to you about Tuvix. He came to see me this afternoon. He said, he said that he loves me. I wasn't sure what to say. At first, I was angry. But I know how he's trying to comfort me, and I know that he feels alone too. To tell the truth, he's a wonderful person. No, I don't. I mean, how could I? I still love Neelix, and I'm not ready to give up on him, no matter what the Doctor says. What do you do, Captain? So are you saying that I should just accept that Neelix isn't a part of my life anymore? Thank you, Captain. I'll go now and let you sleep. (They hug.) Hi. Good days and bad days. You? Listen, I'm sorry I've been so distant lately. I've been doing a lot of thinking. And I'm hoping that we can be friends. And I'd like our friendship to grow. Yes. But it's going to take time. And you can use the same process? That's wonderful. Isn't that wonderful? Captain, Tuvix has asked me to speak to you on his behalf. But I can't. But I am in the middle. I have been since the moment of the accident. I don't know how to say goodbye to Neelix and Tuvok. I know this sounds horrible, and I feel so guilty for saying it, and Tuvix doesn't deserve to die, but I want Neelix back. (Kes bursts into tears on Janeway's shoulder.) [Bridge] (Tuvix enters, and every one turns to look at him. He goes to Tactical.) Neelix!
The Doctor hasn't deactivated himself for a month. He's tried everything. He searched every database, attempted the most drastic research. You can't fault him. Do you have a moment? I'd like to talk to you about my father. He was a very wise man. More than anyone, he shaped the person I am. If it hadn't been for him I would have never questioned my people's beliefs. I would have never left our city. I would never have met all of you. When he died, I had just turned one year old. I didn't know how I'd get through the rest of my life without him. But then I started working with you and I didn't miss him so much anymore. As Captain, the well-being of your crew is important to you. Their emotional well-being as well as their physical safety? Tuvok, they are suffering because of this. Maybe you don't know what it's like. Then try to imagine what it's like for those of us who feel things deeply. A lot of the crew are on the Bridge hoping you'll talk to them. [Bridge] She has a broken arm. I think there's someone on the monitor. This way. Maybe we can lower the shields long enough to transport the serum.
Standing by, Captain.
What do you think this means? Or a blessing for good luck, or wisdom. Do you hear something? Look at that. It's beautiful. I just want to take a quick look. (Kes goes up the steps and gets zapped by an energy field. She rolls back down, unconscious.) And iridium ions are significant? Then how was I cured? That's fascinating, Doctor.
It's a severe concussion.
When did that happen? The doctor wanted me to adjust your neurocortical monitor to pick up additional peptide readings. I can come back later if this is a bad time. What are you working on? Keethara. What does that mean? At the moment, it doesn't look very harmonious. I'm curious. What does a keethara look like when it's done? I'd like to see it when it's finished. Well, good night. It's all right. I understand. (Kes leaves.)  Doctor, what's happening? It's not working. What is it? A third memory engram. How's that possible? So you're saying it's a virus. We were able to kill it using thoron radiation. Apparently the parasite used the childhood memory of a falling girl as camouflage. What about the girl? Did she ever really exist, or did the organism invent the memory?
That would explain the agitation.
B'Elanna, can you hear me? Kes to Sickbay. Medical emergency. [Sickbay] (The EMH shines a light in Torres' eye, and she sits up.) I found you unconscious in the corridor near Engineering. Why did she pass out? What's wrong?
Doctor, Tom doesn't seem to be responding to the treatment. I haven't seen it. I haven't been near the instrument tray. I think he must have suffered some very deep tissue damage. The regenerator isn't helping. Doctor?  [Briefing Room] Doctor, I have the cortical analeptics you asked for. Did I hear you singing? I didn't realise you enjoyed music. What is it? Establish the axon connections and then test for synaptic potentials. Doctor, what is it? The final step is to restore the nerve sheath. You'll need the myelin regenerator. He's going into respiratory arrest! Apply an ethorin pulse to stabilise his motor neurons. Vital signs are returning to normal. There, myelin regeneration is complete. What's the synaptic potential reading? Very good, Doctor, I think you've done it. But what? No, wait. Wait, please. We can't just treat the Doctor like he's a computer any more. He's come too far for that. Doctor, please, think about this. You'd be losing so much. Relationships you've developed, our friendship, your sense of being a true member of his crew. All that would be gone. Look at the experiences you've had since you were activated. You've made friends, learnt how to sing opera. You've even fallen in love. If you lose those memories you won't be the same person. You said you don't know what's causing his memory circuits to fail. So, if you re-initialise without finding out what's wrong the problem could occur again. Isn't it a better plan to look for the cause of the problem? If B'Elanna can find it there may be a less radical solution. Tom Paris is stable, he'll be back on duty today. There's no medical crisis at the moment. I can certainly handle all the routine cases in sickbay. Please, let's not just erase him without trying to help him first. Don't be discouraged. I know B'Elanna can find a way.  [Bridge] I'm the Doctor's assistant. I came to see how he's doing. What do you mean? He's been studying opera. What's wrong with that. What's wrong with wanting to be more than that? The Doctor has taken it upon himself to become a person who grows and learns and feels. It's made him a better physician. Oh he's much more than that, and I've known him for most of my life. He's one of my closest friends. I know he does. Doctor. You can try. I'll work on restoring his cranial nerves, but he's so badly injured I'm not sure it'll help. Doctor, hold on to this tricorder, all right? Keep it pointed right at the patient. His injuries were too severe. Captain, the Doctor's getting worse. He doesn't even know who I am any more. He has to be re-initialised. Is there anything at all I can do for him? Doctor, you mustn't touch those. Here, this one's all right to hold. Yes, that's a good idea.  [Bridge] Doctor, please, I'm just trying to keep you safe. Because your holoprojectors don't work in the corridor. Please, sit down. Doctor, you know I'm your friend, right? Yes, yes! Do you remember me? Oh, that's wonderful. I'm trying to protect you. I think that's when you were activated almost two years ago. That was me. What else do you remember? Tell me. I enjoy hearing them. Doctor, don't think that. That's because you don't have a name! Captain. The Doctor is getting worse. He's starting to dematerialise. I'm afraid we're going to lose him completely. I know B'Elanna is busy but I wondered if Harry could take a look at him. Computer, deck six.  [Corridor outside Holodeck  two] The Doctor's programme is almost completely degraded. We're going to lose him. I expect you to help. That's what you're programmed to do, isn't it? You have to try. You're the only one who can help now. The Doctor did so, why can't you? You'd better start trying because I'm not leaving here until we accomplish something. Yes he does, so start thinking about his memory circuits, his holo-processors, his database, his matrix. You told me you had the same matrix as the Doctor. Then couldn't your matrix be substituted for his? But can it? What if yours were grafted onto his. In medicine we sometimes graft portions of a healthy bone onto a diseased one. It gives the bone solidity until it can heal. Can we do something like that with your matrices? Good. Let's get started. If we don't do this we won't have an EMH to diagnose. Thank you, Doctor Zimmerman. We have to try. Please hurry. It's going to work, Doctor. I'm sure of it. I understand. Doctor Zimmerman said he didn't know if our Doctor would be restored to his programming or he'd regain the memories of the past two years. Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. It worked! Doctor, I am so glad to see you. No. No, there's no emergency. I, er, I just wanted to see if you were all right. We don't have one. In a way. Yes sir.
Sickbay to bridge. Captain, I can't find the Doctor. No. His programme is gone. [Chronowerx - Starling's Office] Acknowledged, Captain. [Shuttlecraft]
On my way, Doctor. [Bridge] It's all right, it's all right, we're taking care of you now. Doctor, his heart's stopped. He's not responding to cardiac induction. No synaptic activity. I'm so sorry. There are all kinds of safely procedures and back-up systems to make sure nothing goes wrong. Kes here. I'm sorry, I'll be right there. I have to go. I'll see you later. [Holodeck - Paxau Resort] (Kes is not even toying with her food.) It's just a slight headache. I'll be fine. Really. That sounds nice, but can we do it some other time? I promised to show Nori and Adin the airponics bay this afternoon. Nori really needs a friend right now. I want to be there for her. So I hope you understand I'll be busy with her and Adin for the next few days. This is typical of you, Neelix. It bothers you that I'm making friends of my own. You always have to involve yourself somehow. As long as I still spend most of it with you. Well, sometimes it feels that way. Maybe I never realised a relationship could be any different. I've never been with anyone but you. It might be a good idea for both of us to spend some time apart. I'm sorry. Captain's log, stardate 50348.1. We've entered orbit around Ilari and sent a message to the Autarch inviting him to visit the ship. Instead, he'll be sending an official representative. [Transporter room one] I'm here. I'm fighting him. There are times when he's weaker I can almost break through. I'm losing hold. Don't continue to underestimate me. Release me, or I'll force you out. You're contemptible, Tieran. I won't be any part of your plans. That may work with others, but it won't with me. It's a battle I intend to win. I've been more to you than that, and you know it. I'm fighting you with every bit of strength I have, and it's wearing you down. You're becoming more unstable every day. The headaches alone are almost more than you can stand. I know all about your life. I know about your suffering. It doesn't justify what you've become. You're a monster, Tieran, and I have no compassion for you. You may have my body but you'll never have my mind. I won't surrender it. You're already deteriorating and it's only going to get worse. I'll find every little crack in your defences. You'll feel yourself crumbling from within, your sanity slipping away. I won't stop until you're broken and helpless. There's nowhere you can go to get away from me. I'll be relentless and merciless, just like you.  [Imperial Hall - Council Chamber] (Tieran wakes to find Adin scanning her.) Tieran? No, he isn't. He's still here. He moved onto someone else before you used this. He wanted you to think he'd been destroyed, but he's hiding in a new host. I know you too well, Tieran. You died a long time ago. Now it's time to let go. (Kes puts the stimulator onto Ameron. He screams.) Demmas, it's over. (She gives him the Autarch's talisman.) [Tuvok's quarters] (A meditation lesson.) I can't. I've been using all the meditations you've taught me, but they're not helping. How can I worry about my own well-being when so many people have suffered and died? I can't help wondering whether I could have fought harder. Everything seems so different now. My thoughts and perceptions, even my relationships with my closest friends. You, the Doctor, Neelix. How can I go back to my normal life as if nothing ever happened?
Thanks for inviting us to watch with you, Captain. It's really got me interested in learning more about stellar phenomenon.
Yes, Doctor. [EMH narrative - Bridge] I told you he'd understand. The specimen has synthesised B'Elanna's growth hormone into its own structure. The virus has grown by one hundred and fifty microns. Doctor! The virus has grown to point three metres.
Harry, Tuvok, the lake is perfect today. We were just talking about you. Marayna said what an excellent student you are. Lieutenant Tuvok prefers the solitude of his own quarters and a game of kal-toh. I'm going back on duty. Thanks.
Chakotay and Tom were released.
  Here are the results of his cortical scan. 
No pulse, no blood pressure. Minimum electrical activity in the midbrain. No measurable response in the cerebral cortex. Doctor, we're getting a thready pulse. Pulse is weakening. We're losing her again. No vital signs. No brain activity. No change. Doctor Captain? Kes to Commander Chakotay. I need to talk to you right away. [Briefing room] It was more than that, I'm sure of it. I hear them. So many voices. It's difficult. Yes, I'm in that place now. I'm trying. I don't think so. I can't hear anything. I'm just not getting anything. I felt empty. alone. Maybe you're right. What I sensed wasn't the Captain. it was me wanting to believe she wasn't dead. Thank you for helping. I don't think I would have accepted it if you hadn't at least tried. Goodnight. (Kes leaves.)
Sounds like he was electrocuted. Is it still alive?
We have some analeptic compounds in the biolab. I'll get them for you.
Captain. Zahir is the pilot I've been working with on the medical supply transfer. Hello, Doctor. Doctor, what's happening in here? What are you hoping to gain? I'm sorry, Doctor, but things are going extremely well. The Mikhal Travellers are intriguing. They've been to so many places, done such amazing things. Maybe it's how they do it that's so impressive. Their ships are small, only a pilot and a navigator. Sometimes they just pick a direction and go. You should come down to the planet, Doctor. I want you to meet Zahir. I've been working with him on the transport of our medical supplies. He's unique. Not Zahir. He's more than that. By whom? And what do you hope to leave behind? I could say the same about you. I can see the attraction. Some kind of compromise might be possible. All right, then. How about an understanding. A meeting of the minds. Is this what you brought me here to see? How beautiful. Was this left by the same people who made the path ten thousand years ago? Can you read it? Thank you for this. (They kiss.) [Transporter room] (Kes is beamed aboard feeling very pleased with herself.) (to transporter operator) Hi. [Corridor] Good evening, Tuvok. Yes, it is. I haven't forgotten. I didn't think anyone would still be working at this hour. I was supposed to do that. I'm sorry. I'll do them as soon as I can. I'm a little late. Doctor, I know that you care about me and that you have my best interests at heart, but everyone seems to be treating me like I'm still a child. I'm three years old now. If I'm attracted to someone it's my business, not the whole ship's. I know that you care what happens to me, I won't forget that. I'm going to do it right now. [Ready room] Hello, Captain. Er, Captain? Captain, do you have a minute? You know I've been spending time with Zahir. He is. I want to spend more time with him. A lot more time. He wants to explore the Sylleran Rift. His ship travels at high warp. We could rendezvous with Voyager afterwards, before you're too far away. It's more than that. Captain, I've lived almost a third of my life now. I've been asking myself if I want to spend the rest of it on Voyager. Everyone here has been so good to me. I don't want you to think I'm ungrateful. I've just been thinking that maybe there's more. I don't know what that means, but I know I'm changing, and I know that there are things that I'm not satisfied with. I want complication in my life. Maybe so. I understand. Thank you, Captain. [Nakahn's Lodge] Aren't you finished yet? Thank you, Tuvok. (Tuvok leaves.) I was talking to Captain Janeway. She said I shouldn't rush a decision. We've still got two more days here. I can't. Not tonight. I have to catch up with my work and get some sleep. Too late. No. No, I was just thinking about something Captain Janeway said. About coming to a crossroads. Maybe someday we'll recall this conversation, this place, as if it were the most important time in our lives. It's a little overwhelming. Zahir was found unconscious at the bottom of a ravine. He's in the emergency outpost facility. Multiple fractures and skin lacerations. Damage to the left occipital nerve. Doctor, they think that he was attacked. They don't know. Tuvok is assisting with the investigation. If your could help, the physician in charge is waiting for you. Yes, Doctor. Is the Doctor all right? Computer, what is the Doctor's location? Doctor? What are you doing? Who are you? Where's the Doctor? What do you want? Where are we going? The Captain will be alerted as soon as the transporter is activated. She'll beam us right back to the ship. What you're doing is wrong. That's not what I meant. I'm not going, Doctor. Why does it bother you so much when I call you Doctor? You said he was inside you, and he was unconscious. Why are you so afraid of him? Why? You won't fire. Don't! Please stop. The mobile emitter contains both your programs. If you damage it you could both be destroyed. Why? The historical characters? What truth is that? You're wrong. Empathy and kindness are basic to all forms of life. You have access to the Doctor's medical knowledge, you know what he does. Then you know what I'm saying is true. The very organs and cells of the body cooperate with each other, otherwise they wouldn't function. Families, societies, cultures, wouldn't have evolved without compassion and tolerance. They would have fallen apart without it. Your very own holographic technology would never have been developed without cooperation and understanding between countless individuals. The Doctor deserves to exist as much as you do. We can find a place for both of you. What's the point? You're forgetting Voyager's blockade. I'm tired. Why? Don't you see what you've been trying to do? Doctor, listen! Think about all the things you've said and done. You don't want to kill me. You've been trying to protect me! When you attacked Zahir. Or was it to keep me from leaving with him? When I walked in on you on the holodeck you could have killed me, not knocked me unconscious. I needed a hostage. You said you were taking me for my own good, to prevent me from making the wrong decisions. You said I was naive and needed your help. That's not what you say to a hostage. In your own way, you've been trying to protect me. You've twisted and suppressed all that's good inside you, but it's still there. You can't deny it. I'm ready to get to work on those analyses. The Captain suggested I consider all the consequences. If I am going through changes in my life, things that are unpredictable, this is the best place for me. Yes. I would have missed you too, Doctor. (Kes leaves.)
Still no respiration. Her blood pressure's ninety over forty and dropping. Her neural tissues are starting to degenerate. No effect. Let me take care of that. What do you mean? And now you're not? But none of that happened. B'Elanna got hurt, but she'll recover. Harry, you can't undo what's been done. Doctor, she's regaining consciousness. There was an accident in Engineering. A plasma conduit exploded.
I don't know you. I don't know you. Where am I? What is this place? No. Yes. I've seen you before. The boy, he called you Doctor Van Gogh. You said I was your finest friend. How could I be your friend? I don't know you. Er, people around me, crowded around me. You, the boy, a young girl. I was in a chamber. A bio-temporal chamber. I was inside it and you told someone to activate it. No. So cold. I'm cold. I'm cold. [Kes's quarters] (Kes wakes up in her own bed. There is a picture next to it, of a younger her holding a baby. She gets up and sees her reflection in a mirror.) Andrew? Where am I? What quarters? I don't know who you are. But you, I know who you are. Tell me what's happening. How did I get here? Yes, Sickbay. I remember that place. I was just there. Just a few minutes ago. Doctor Van Gogh asked me some questions. I couldn't remember anything. Working? What kind of work? Who are you? Just people crowded around me. Voices. The Doctor told everyone to leave and then he told someone else to activate the bio-temporal chamber. And then I woke up and there was a boy, Andrew, standing over me with a present, calling me Grandma. But he was there. The Doctor sent him to get my family, and I was cold and I woke up in that bed in the quarters, and I don't think so. How do you know? Morilogium? Are you saying that I'm dying? Everyone listen to me, please. I want to know what's going on here. Maybe the morilogium is causing my amnesia, but that doesn't explain how I seem to suddenly jump from Sickbay to my quarters, or how I remember being in a bio-temporal chamber. No. They're not delusions. [Sickbay] No. I'm cold. Andrew. I think it'll be worth the wait. Come and talk to grandma for a minute, will you? I'm going to ask you a few questions and I want you to think very carefully before you answer them, all right? Where were you before you came to this party? And then you came directly here? Doctor, there's something wrong with me. Promise to hear me out and not assume I'm delusional. Promise! I've lost all but a few of my memories, and the memories I do have don't coincide with anyone else's. Well, I was in Sickbay, and you and a woman, my daughter, were arguing about prolonging my life. And then I suddenly appeared in my quarters and then I simply appeared here. No. I was awake, I'm sure of it. But nobody else remembers the things I do. You talked about that. You wanted to put me in a bio-temporal chamber to stop my aging process. Because you told me. If that were true, then how could I already know about it. I do have memories, they just don't coincide with anyone else's. First Andrew gave me a belated birthday present, then he said he was working on the present, and now he just apologised for not starting it yet. Are you saying I can see into the future? I'd like to do something to help myself. Well I seem to have lived quite a full life on this ship. Maybe if I have a look in my medical files, or check other record of my activities, I might be able to fill in some of the blanks. Oh, hello. I've had a busy life. It's hard to know where to start. How about you? Neelix? What about this. It says I got some kind of radiation poisoning on stardate 50973. Year of Hell? B'Elanna? No. No, it's my fault. You haven't done anything wrong. It's just Maybe the feelings I had for you will come back. Chroniton torpedoes? Maybe we should try scanning for residual [Kes's quarters - 2378] (A younger, long-haired Kes is holding a baby.) What's the date? Yes, the stardate. Over six months. Tom, we have to talk to the Doctor. Come on. [Doctor's office] No, they're apparently random. One time it seemed to span for a few weeks, and the last was half a year. Each time I arrive I seem to exist in temporal synch with the rest of you for a while, but before I can make anyone understand what's happening I find myself in am earlier time of my life. And just before it happens I seem to experience a sudden drop in body temperature. What is it? So I was right. There is a connection. The bio-temporal chamber. It's as though I came into existence at the moment of my own death, without any memories. I've been living my life backwards ever since, jumping progressively to earlier moments in my life. accumulating memories and experiences as I go. Your past has become my future. You're very good at this, aren't you. Doctor Van Gogh? I'm sorry. All this must be taking you away from your baby just now. You must be wanting to spend every second with him. Now, Linnis, I don't think it's Linnis, you must be a good mother. I happen to know that Andrew grows up to be a wonderful child. [Sickbay] (Kes is pacing the surgical alcove.) Hello, Tom. I feel like I'm in a cage. Doctor Van Gogh says I'd enjoy that. What is it? Oh, it means so much to have you here now. (Linnis enters.) What's happening? Where am I? I have to see the Doctor. Yes, she is. Tom, listen. We need to talk. (Beep!) What is it? Chroniton torpedoes. The Year of Hell. You told me that the crew referred to this time as the Year of Hell. It's a long story. Neelix, listen very carefully. There's something very important I have to tell you. [Mess hall] (The mess hall is an overflow ward.) We're both fine. Just before the last jump we were close to a solution. The Doctor was working on We discovered that what's been happening to me is related to the chroniton poisoning I suffered during a Krenim attack. We have to determine the exact temporal variance of the torpedo, so that You have to put me in the bio-temporal containment field. I know it didn't work last time, but with a few modifications I'm cold. No, you don't understand, I'm about, I'm about [Holodeck - Paxau resort] I have to talk to you. You must be B'Elanna. Actually, there is something wrong. (Whumph!) They're called the Krenim. Captain Janeway? Captain, these torpedoes are chroniton based. They're passing through our shields because they're in a state of temporal flux. (Another torpedo hits Voyager, and the Engineering console explodes, sending Janeway and Torres flying.) They're dead. I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with remodulating the targeting scanners. I understand my condition can't be a priority now. How are you doing? Tom, I know it doesn't seem possible now, but you're going to be all right. You can. Chroniton radiation. This is it. I'm infected. Where's the radiation coming from? I've got to get down there. I have to find the exact temporal variance of that torpedo. I know what I'm doing. You stay here and help Tom, all right? Doctor, you've lost your hair. It's a long story. The important thing is, the temporal variance of the chroniton torpedo was one point four seven microseconds. [Briefing room] Captain, there's something else I have to tell you. In about six months you're going to enter a region of space controlled by a race called the Krenim. You must avoid them at all costs. Oh, not again. I'm sorry. I know this is going to sound strange to you both, but I don't belong here. You don't understand, I'm travelling backwards in time, getting younger. We have to lower my chroniton levels. You've got to get me into the bio-temporal chamber right away. Listen to me, please. It begins about eight years in the future, when I'm about to die. No! [Ocampa - 2370] What's the date? How old am I? I remember last month's supply of replicator rations that you borrowed, that you owe me, if that's what you're asking. It's not as if I've seen everything that's going to happen over the next six years. I only remember short periods I experienced between jumps. Well, as Tuvok said, I've only seen pieces of one possible future. I'll get started right away. If there's one thing that this experience has taught me, Captain, it's that there's no time like the present. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
The Doctor has created a holographic wife and two children so that he can experience family life for himself. I'd like to meet them too. Kenneth? Oh, we call him Doctor. You must be very proud of your family, Doctor. They're kind of perfect. What changes have you asked her to make in the programme? How will it affect your family? That could mean a few surprises. Are you sure you've ready for this? Your wife will have changed too. Sounds like you have it all worked out. When do you plan on meeting this new, improved family? I'd be happy to give it a try. Well, there's nothing important going on here. Why don't you take the afternoon off and spend some time with your family. Doctor, you can't just ignore them. Oh, you're back. Did you find the culture I did on Ensign Parson's glial cells? Finished? Already? I was hoping to visit them again. I really enjoyed our dinner together.
I'll run a microcellular scan.
They've given us food, water and medical supplies. Everything but information.
Seska, what's going on? Why are we being treated like prisoners? What are you going to do with us?
Maybe we can develop some kind of protective shielding against them. They take over the blood cell functions like a virus. I saw Borg. There were bodies. Dozens of them, dead. [Bridge] Harry's in danger. Get them out of there. I could hear its thoughts. The pilot of the bioship was trying to communicate with me. They're a telepathic species. I've been aware of them for some time now. The premonitions. Captain, it's not the Borg that we should be worried about, it's them. It said, the weak will perish. Captain's log, stardate 50984.3. It's been twelve hours since our confrontation with the alien lifeform. There's no sign that we're being pursued and we've had no further encounters with the Borg. I've decided to hold our course. The Northwest Passage is only one day away, and I won't allow fear to undermine this crew's sense of purpose, even if that fear is justified. [Sickbay] (Kim is being absorbed, just like the Borg on the bioship.) Yes. I can hear them. They're in a place where they're alone. Nothing else lives there. I don't know. I feel malevolence, a cold hatred. The weak will perish. It's an invasion. They intend on destroying everything. Normally, the answer would be no. But if what I've learned from the aliens is true, the Borg are losing this conflict. It's working. Yes, Doctor. They're watching us. [Borg Cube] It feels different this time. It's almost like they're right here, in the room. I'm trying to block them out, but I can't. You're fit to return back to duty, Lieutenant. Oh, I'm all right. The visions have stopped for now. (Janeway is on a biobed.) I can hear them. They want to talk through me. They say we've contaminated their realm. They say our galaxy is impure. Its proximity is a threat to their genetic integrity. They said your galaxy will be purged. (The bioships start firing. People are thrown to the decks.) Yes. They're not responding.
Excuse me. Don't blame Neelix. I never should have gone to the surface. I'm too curious. I'm told it's my worst failing. I'm afraid Jabin was right. There's no way to get down. The tunnel I came out has been sealed. There are breaches in the security barrier where it's begun to decay. That's how I got out. Neelix, these people rescued me. With their help. It would be wrong not to help them now.  [Ocampa settlement - Garden] (Saxifrages and other water-retentive plants in rows. Kes leads Janeway, Tuvok, Chakotay and Neelix.) Hello, Daggin. These people rescued me from the Kazon. I'm trying to help them find two of their crewmen. Does anyone know where the aliens are kept? The ones the Caretaker sends here? They can't speak telepathically, Toscat. Please talk aloud. That's right. They don't understand. They have no way of knowing that the Ocampa have been dependent on the Caretaker for so long, we can't even think for ourselves any more. They don't understand we were once a people who had full command of our mind's abilities. We lost those abilities because we stopped using them. We've gained a talent for dependence, for simply taking what we're given. I'm going to help them, Toscat, whether you like it or not, and I think my friends will join me. I've learned very well, Toscat. I saw the sunlight. I can't believe that our Caretaker would forbid us to open our eyes and see the sky. Come with me. We'll find your people.  [Shaft] (A metal fire escape type staircase winds around a large shaft that goes up towards the surface. There are some flickering lights. Torres and Kim have torches and shovels. They start up, slowly. After a while -) Probably the same way I did. Up one of the ancient tunnels. (helping Torres) Don't worry. I know we can get through the barrier. [Tunnel] (The horizontal tunnel in the rock is partially blocked by a force field, but there is a gap at one edge where a rock has fallen.) Whatever you do, don't touch it. We've been told it'll burn your skin off. [Shaft] Of course not. We won't be passengers. Captain, we both want very much to be a part of your journey. (Janeway nods.)  [Bridge] (Chakotay and Torres are in Starfleet uniform. So is Ayala.)
We have some excellent suggestions, Captain. I've been thinking that you might be able to convert one of your lower decks into a hydroponics bay to grow your own food. I understand that the replicators are down and that the emergency rations won't hold out much longer. Me? Right away. Event horizon? Computer, activate the Emergency Medical Holographic system. Actually, there is no emergency. I'm creating a hydroponics bay. I was told you could provide me with some nitrogenated soil samples. I'm sorry if You are the only doctor we have. Four samples will be enough. You're very sensitive, aren't you? I'm talking about you as a person. Doctor, has your programme altered your appearance since I came to Sickbay? When I first came in, your head was at the same height as this cabinet. But now you look at least ten centimetres shorter. (The EMH is slightly shorter than Kes. He goes to his desk and uses the computer.) I'm sorry I bothered you with this. What's your name? I'd just like to know what to call you besides Doctor. Kes. Computer, end programme.  [Bridge] CAREY
I had to know. None. I don't know. I saw them burn. Their bodies ashes where they stood. I don't think so. It was almost telepathic. Who? Neelix. My ancestors were said to have unusual mental abilities. I always have. [Ruined plaza] (Paris takes something round from a ledge. It has a series of numbers in red LED on it. 401-22-84.) I'm not a member of the Starfleet crew. And the crew from another ship that was destroyed. Fluids? Computer, end programme. I have to go with you. I've already seen it. I have to go. [Room] (Paris is tending Janeway's head wound. Two men come down the stairs. The older man speaks first.) It's as though I can sense the people who were here. No, it's more than that. I almost feel as if I could touch the people who were here. Captain? [Room] (Janeway feels her too.) I don't know. I just can. They've been in this room, I know it. No, the Captain did come. She was here. This is where she died. [Corridor] I had to know. The planet. Everyone was killed. There was this terrible explosion. No, it was more than a dream. I'm sorry. Captain, is it possible to see this planet on the view screen? Thank you. (Kes and Neelix leave.)
What happened? I'm not leaving. I can survive with one lung, can't I? What if I donated a lung to Neelix? I want to know what this means. What are you going to do to him? Oh, you'll make the time, because I'm not going to let you perform any experimental surgery on Neelix until I know exactly what you're doing and what the risks are. How long will he have to stay like that? I'm not sure. But I do know that I want him to live. [Chamber] (Tuvok leads the away team down the tunnel. Kim opens the door at the end and they enter a version of sickbay with a metal operating bed and large jars holding tissue samples.) But we're trying to find the aliens that did this to you. The Captain is doing everything she can. Thanks for everything. (Paris leaves.) What are you talking about? Neelix Neelix, you're over-reacting. Tom's been very supportive. You really have nothing to worry about. We're friends, that's all. This is ridiculous. I'm not going to argue with you about something that exists only in your imagination. I know you, Neelix, and I know you're afraid. I just want you to know that no matter what happens, I'll be here with you. Neelix Stop that. We're going to get through this together. When can I come back? I'll see you then. (Kes kisses Neelix and leaves. The EMH reaches across Neelix's head.) Of course. Are you all right? You seem agitated about something. You mean Neelix. I thought Tom Paris was assigned to you. I don't know anything about holographic engineering, but if you want my opinion, you haven't been acceptable, you've been remarkable. Give yourself some credit. You saved his life. You did, not some programme. That's exactly how it seems. How does a real doctor learn to deal with patient's emotional problems anyway? Aren't you capable of learning? Then I guess you'll just have to learn like the rest of us. Me. No, I want to do it, Neelix. I'm willing to take the risk. Besides, you've done so much for me, let me give you something this once. Just for once I feel a little light-headed. Of course I'm interested. When do we start? Thank you, Doctor.
Do all nebulas look like that? These people are natural born explorers, Neelix. I don't think the Captain is an idiot. She cares a great deal about her crew. I think it's wonderful. If I were Captain, I'd open every crack in the universe and peek inside, just like Captain Janeway does. I've never kissed anyone inside a nebula before. (Thump! Thump!) Neelix. Cooking always helps Neelix to unwind.
Epicondylitis, strained ligament, torn muscle and hairline fracture. I've studied all the material you gave me. I'm ready for more. You mean others act that way too. Doctor, I think I'd like to do more than study first aid. I'd be interested in knowing more about anatomy and physiology. I understand. I'll do my best. And I really appreciate your help. [Briefing Room] Am I interrupting? Ah, spinach juice with a touch of pear, please. Tom Paris introduced me to it, it's very nutritious. If there were a member of the crew whose needs weren't being met, would you want to know about it? Of course not, we're very happy here. I'm referring to the Doctor. I don't understand why people treat him the way they do. As though he doesn't exist. They talk about him while he's standing right there. They ignore him. They insult him. You can do that? It doesn't seem right. He's your Medical Officer. He's alive. He's self aware, he's communicative, he has the ability to learn. So because he's a hologram he doesn't have to be treated with respect or any consideration at all? Thank you, Captain. [Bridge] (At Engineering station 2, scan analysis 21166 shows the wormhole.) I've finished these and I'm ready for more. I enjoyed studying anatomy. It would be interesting to see an autopsy sometime. Malleus, incus and stapes. The tympanic membrane. Then you haven't heard? That we might be getting back soon. Everyone's talking about it. There may be a way to transport all of us to the Alpha Quadrant. Chief Torres and half of engineering are working on it right now. But can't we download your programme and take you with us? Thank you for everything. Anything. I promise. [Bridge] I don't think he'll make the mistake of ignoring you again. you're absolutely right. I'd be happy to.
If the hydroxy-proline level is elevated this high, you'd probably call for a pancreatic scan. So, have you given any more thought to a name? Why don't you choose one yourself? Why not? Well, you choose what medical treatment to give someone. I don't see the difference. I base decisions on information stored inside my brain. How's that so different from the way you access your programs? Do your programs have any names in them? So pick a name. Pick a name you like, perhaps from someone who inspires you. Those are good. Can you see yourself with any of those names? Take your time. After all, you will be that name for the rest of your life. Neodextramine solution? Will he regain consciousness? Do you really think Tom would lie to us? Tom? (Paris is suffering. Janeway nods. Tuvok carefully lines up his fingers on Paris' face.) [Tolen's memory]
Maybe we should get out of Sickbay, let you walk around for a while, clear your mind. Maybe get something to eat. Are you hungry? When people die on my world, we bury them beneath the soil, and we believe that their comra is released into the afterlife. Our soul, our spirit, the essence of our beings. Maybe something similar happens to you. I think there is only one person on this ship who could answer that question. [Briefing room] She's dead. I hope you find your afterlife, Ptera. [Waiting room]
And the crew would certainly welcome a little shore leave, Captain.
I'll run a cytological screening of the crew. Not very good. We need to completely replace his blood. Ensign, did you ever come in to leave a blood sample on file? I've been running a crew compatibility analysis and your file never came up. I was analysing her blood chemistry to try to locate a compatible donor. But when I got the results, her blood was lacking all the common Bajoran blood factors.
Doctor? I finished it yesterday. There's something bothering you. You're nervous about this mission, aren't you? Those things are familiar to you. You've been programmed to do them but, this is different, isn't it? You've been telling me that you deserve to be treated like a member of the crew. Well, here's your chance. And I can tell you that none of the crew knows exactly what to expect when they go on an away mission. Doctor, have you chosen a name for yourself yet? Then let me suggest you choose one before you go. It might help you feel more like a Starfleet officer. Good luck. (Kes leaves. Later - )
Hello? Is someone here? (We move with something as it passes her.) [Mess Hall kitchen] It's not the same. That was like, like hearing faint music from a faraway place. When I was in my quarters just now It was almost tangible. I felt like there was someone in the room with me. I don't know. A presence, that's all I can say. [Bridge] (A male Lieutenant reports to Janeway.) No, just that it's on the ship. I'm willing to do that.
Remarkable work, Doctor.
 Neelix, why didn't you ever tell me about the war?  Neelix? Neelix, are you in here? Neelix? (Neelix is hiding under the serving counter.)
 What is it?
Trust me, Lewis. Yes, you know me. You remember me. Lewis, please, listen to Reg, he's trying to help you. Destroy this programme. Believe in yourself. You're not a programme, you're a real flesh and blood human being. And you're my husband. I don't want to lose you. Louis, please. Pick up the phaser, destroy the warp core. It's your only hope. What ever happens, I just want you to know, I love you. Thank you. We've been working for the past six hours to get you out of there. That's right. So you really think I'm beautiful? I see. Then you don't really love me. Then I guess our marriage is over. It isn't a joke to me, Lewis. I know we have problems but I think we can solve them. Listen to him, Lewis. I understand. But I'd still prefer it if you didn't tell Neelix about this. He tends to get a little jealous. It'll be our secret. What's that? Well, I sometimes ask those kind of questions. Who am I? What am I doing here? What's my purpose in life? Doesn't everybody? Are you sure about that? (Kes leaves. The EMH leaves his desk and strolls to the Sickbay door. It opens. He checks that the corridor is clear then sticks his arm out. It disappears up to the elbow. He pulls it back in, smiles, and goes back to his work.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Kazon. When they captured me, I saw how they concealed their weaponry. Or it may simply be a training site. Captain Janeway, I'm reading elevated radiothermic levels here. Captain, that panel is a micro-generator.
I can't get any response from the field coils. Stand by. The inputs have locked. We've got to flush the plasma injectors. Or maybe it's just a phase synchronisation adjustment. Plasma injectors. Right. That was not fair. Clogging someone's plasma injectors is a dirty trick. What was that? Computer, evasive manoeuvres. [Corridor]  I'll be ready for anything next time. And then suddenly we fell into a subspace anomaly. None of the readings made any sense. I didn't know what to do! Ah. Anyway, it was quite a learning experience. What happened? I heard that you They said that you and Tom Paris had I want to know, Neelix. Is it true that you were fighting? But [Turbolift] I did it during lunch. [Doctor's office] I'm fine. I'm fine. There are some things you can't cure. Neelix and Tom Paris had a physical fight over me. Delightful? That's not funny. Are all Talaxians so jealous? I love Neelix. Why can't he just accept that? His suspicions about Tom are completely unjustified. What do you mean? That's not true. Tom and I enjoy each other's company. We're friends. Are you saying that I didn't want to see it? On my homeworld it's so much simpler. You choose a mate for life. There's no distrust, no jealousy, no envy, no betrayal. I don't know how to handle something like this. What am I going to do?  Come in. Harry. Any word yet? Oh, I'm all right. It's just, I was very angry at them a few hours ago. And now they might both be dead. And I'm sitting here, and I'm feeling guilty for some reason. I don't know. But I don't like it. And it's their fault. And I can't even tell them how angry I am at them, and I may never be able to tell them how angry I am at them, so it doesn't matter, does it? And no one has stronger survival skills than Neelix. Unless they kill each other. Oh, they'd better be all right, because when I see them, I'm personally going to tell them that I never intend to speak to either one of them again. (Whumph!) We didn't know if you were dead or alive. What happened?
Oh! Oh. I don't know. Strange. Oh, suddenly I felt cold, shivery. Yes, Doctor. I saw it too. When I came in, I felt as though something hit me, bounced off me, then I saw the little girl moving right into you. I've been doing some mental exercises with Tuvok developing my telepathic abilities, but we haven't done anything like this. Yes, the woman with the knife is receding into the Captain, just like before. Certainly. Captain, I saw your hallucination again. You were struggling with a woman. She had a knife. She was trying to hurt you. As I focused on you, it was just like with the little girl. The image seemed to reflect off of me and move back into you. I think it's more than that. I think something strange is happening on this ship and it's not just happening to you. [Bridge] Yes, Captain? Right away. Except you and me. I don't know how to do that. Do you know how to do it? All right. Tom, what happened? Can you get to Sickbay? The Doctor is there. I can't. I have to get to Engineering. Tom, you can walk. You have to get to Sickbay on your own. You don't want me to get to Engineering. I'm hallucinating. Doctor, we have to set up this resonance burst as quickly as possible. I've started hallucinating. I think I have it. B'Elanna was writing a programme to open a symmetrical warp field. Er, how do I do that? Where have you been? Why didn't you answer the Doctor's hails? How do I know you're really Neelix? Doctor, have you figured out how I can enter that sequencing code? Of course. I've got it. It's activated. Now it's asking me to enter the core temperature. It hurts! I can't. It hurts too much! Focus. (Kes looks at Neelix, and transfers the sores to him.) I'm all right now, Doctor, and I've entered a temperature of three million Kelvin. All right. Here we go. (A burst of energy leaves Voyager. The crew start to wake up.) Kes to the Captain. If you can hear me, please report to Engineering. It's a long story, but I think everything's all right now. Apparently. He looks so harmless. It's hard to believe he almost destroyed us. (Torres points a phaser at the waking Bothan.)
Perhaps a day of rest, off duty. Call me day or night if this gets any worse. (Wildman leaves.) Don't you have any compassion for the way she feels? You've never been sick or in pain. I just wish once in your life you could know what it's like, how it makes you feel vulnerable and a little afraid. Then you'd understand. (Kes leaves.)  Computer, activate the Emergency Medical Holographic programme. I thought we changed your programme so you wouldn't have to say that anymore. Doctor. Are holograms supposed to sneeze? I think this is very brave of you. I'm sure you'll learn a lot. The Doctor gave himself the Levodian flu to see what it's like. He isn't feeling well. I'll see to that, Captain. [Bridge] Just rest, Doctor. Here's a cool holographic towel for your forehead. I have to. The Captain It's nothing to worry about. I just added a couple of hours to his computer programme. He'll be fine in about forty five minutes. Knowing when it would end didn't exactly make it a fair test, did it, Doctor? (Kes leaves.)
Voices. So many voices. What should I do? It's working. It's Neelix! I can hear Neelix's thoughts. I think he's getting a haircut. Outburst? It was a giggle. Thanks, Tuvok. Sorry. My lesson with Lieutenant Tuvok went on a little long today. I'll try to keep a closer eye on the time from now on. Wonderful. Tuvok helped me with a sensory focus exercise. We worked on my pre-cognitive skills and I learned how to self-induce a hypergogic mental state. He says I'm making excellent progress. What's that? They are Ocampa? No. The idea that there could be Ocampa anywhere but on the homeworld is something no one ever considered. I thought I was the only one. Gladly. What should I do? My name is Kes. I'm an Ocampa. I assure you, it's not a trick. It's a long story. But I'd like to know what an Ocampa is doing on an alien space station. Then I suggest we meet and tell each other our stories. May we come aboard your station? Captain, I'd like to speak to Tanis alone, if I may. These are kind people, Tanis. They saved my life at great risk to themselves when they didn't have to. They wouldn't lie to you. I have about a thousand questions to ask you. You mean in this room? No. This is where the Bridge officers usually meet. I had a little help, but yes, most of it is my work. Sterile? Voyager? There are over one hundred and fifty people on board. I'd hardly call that barren. You live on a space station. How is it any different? Two years. That's not possible! The oldest Ocampa only live to be nine. These people are helping me. I'm a member of the crew. Suspiria. Is that your Caretaker? Then you do know her. Where is she? Like what? (The plants grow rapidly. Buds become blooms, seedlings fully grown vegetables.) Thank you, Captain. Not exactly. I'm just a little overwhelmed. I always believed that my people had the potential to be more than what they were, that our mental abilities could be somehow heightened. And now I've met someone who's realised that potential, and I don't know whether to be excited or frightened. I will, but I just have a good feeling about him. [Tanis' office] (Tanis enters the simple room where Voyager first made contact with him, sits at his desk and mentally prepares himself.) I'd love to visit the station. Stay? That sounds wonderful, but I appreciate that. I am curious about your mental abilities. They're so much greater than mine. I would appreciate any insight you could give me. I can feel the handle, and the texture of the metal, but I can't move it. I don't understand. I didn't try to move it. I'd reach out and pick it up. Oh, I see it now. it's so simple. Of course, Neelix. (Neelix hugs Kes.) I know, I know. What if I did go? To the Ocampa array. If I decided to live with Tanis and the others, would you go with me? May I? He showed me how to use the fire in my mind. (The water boils.) Tuvok, I'm so It's not that easy. I almost killed you. You still want to teach me? Thanks, Tuvok. [Airponics] (The plants are still lush after Tanis' fertilizer boost.) You heard? He's going to be all right, no thanks to me. Tanis, I've been thinking. I don't know if I'm ready for this. If I can't control my abilities, there might be another accident. They're not pets. They're people, they're my friends. Yes. It's more than seeing. It's more than touching. I know this flower. Yes, I can feel it. I know them all. They're so beautiful! They're dead. They're all dead. Amazing. I killed those plants. Just like I almost killed Tuvok. But I don't want to hurt anybody. Oh, I don't know. I still need some more time to think about it. Why? Exotia? Go? Where? Yes, I can hear them. All of them. She wants to destroy the ship! No. Get away from me! Neelix! Oh, Neelix. To be honest, I never want to see that part of myself again. To the part of me which got pleasure from destroying those plants in the Airponics bay. To the part of me that was tempted to go with Tanis. I never realised I had such dark impulses. You?
And according to these readings, they were alive at the time, Captain.
 One pot of Landras blend, compliments of the chef.
That's right. Why is that?
It had no effect.
Radiometric emitters are charged and ready. I'm sorry, Tom. If we let down the forcefield, you'll suffocate. Ready. We can try to revive him. Doctor, the rate of genetic mutation has accelerated by twelve percent. Leave Voyager? Why? Go where, Tom?  Doctor, the mutated DNA in his liver cells has begun to deteriorate, but the original coding isn't taking over.
The neurogenetic markers are normal. There's no tendency towards bipolar disorder. Aggressive, even violent tendencies. Don't you believe his confession, Tuvok? Levels of neuropeptides in the limbic systems are down fifteen percent. Two minutes, thirty seconds left. You'll be all right, Tuvok. This'll be over in thirty seconds. I'm sorry. I had them disable your telepathic abilities too. You can't reach me, Tuvok. He's lost consciousness.
I'm sure he'd be very pleased. I like it. You won't have any objection to Benaren. Benaren was my father's name. He was the greatest inspiration of my life. I thought you were only considering human names. If you like Benaren there's no reason you can't use it too. I'm sure she won't mind. My uncle's name was Elrem. I once knew a boy named Tarrik. [Bridge]
Vital signs steady. Second degree burns to face and chest. Maybe someone on the convoy told them. Maybe they came to rob the cargo, but when they realised there was a Starfleet officer But who would've told them? On Voyager? Who would do that?
Her renal organs are functioning at twenty percent of normal and her cardiovascular system is on the verge of collapse. Cardiovascular and renal systems are stabilising, but her neural patterns are fading. What is it? Could this be what's causing the problem? Are you saying it's some kind of artificial brain? But it's not working any more. What about trying to stimulate cell regeneration with a high dosage of inaprovaline? What are we doing exactly? Is there enough storage capacity in the holo-matrix for such complex data patterns? What good is preserving her synaptic patterns if there's no body?  Doctor, when you have a minute Why are you running a diagnostic? How long has this been going on? Since Denara came aboard. Maybe she's the reason you're feeling this way. Maybe you're attracted to her. Romance is not a malfunction. Your programming's adaptive, isn't it? Then I'd say it's adapting. Why wouldn't you? Why don't you reactivate her? Because when the other person feels the same way you do, it's the most wonderful thing in life. Of course. You'd have to tell her how you feel. Otherwise you may never know how she feels. [Sickbay] (Denara is back online, and she, the Doctor and Kes are gathered around her body.) Doctor, maybe now isn't the time to Are you feeling all right? Oh. You really like him, don't you? Then why didn't you tell him that you felt the same way when he told you that he was attracted to you? He's very blunt. You shouldn't take it personally. Maybe because you're compassionate person, a brilliant doctor, you appreciate his humour. Should I go on? One thing you're not very good at is accepting a compliment. The next time someone has something nice to say about you, maybe you should just take them at their word and feel good about yourself. Denara, I can't pretend to know what your life's been like. But I do know there's nothing sadder than a missed opportunity. Maybe what you and the Doctor need is to spend some time together, alone. [Sandrine's] Seven terahertz. Five hundred milligrams every four hours. Where could that have come from? No, I don't think so. But here's the hypospray I used. Check for yourself. Crewman Foster came in for some analgesic, and Ensign Wildman was here for her regular prenatal visit. Why? Who would want to kill her?
Don't forget to breathe, Samantha. Deep regular breaths. That's it. Can we reposition the baby? It doesn't look good, Doctor. The baby's cell membranes won't stabilise. Doctor, her cell membranes are losing cohesion. No effect. Nothing. (The baby is dead.)  I'll go. [Jefferies tube]  Lieutenant Hogan? I ran a microcellular scan. We're almost identical in every way. I was running through the corridor with my medkit. Deck fifteen. And then suddenly I felt dizzy, and my vision started to blur. After that, I don't remember anything, until you woke me up just now. You were found unconscious down on deck fifteen, holding a medkit. There was massive damage to deck fifteen. You're welcome to stay the night so you may be with her. Doctor, her cell membranes are losing cohesion. No effect. Nothing. Yes. It's just. The baby's crying, it was like a bad memory. On my Voyager, during the delivery, there were complications. We performed a foetal transport. On my ship, the medical systems were heavily damaged. The osmotic pressure therapy didn't work. The baby died. Doctor, I've got to get back to my ship. They need my help. Yes. [Corridor] (Deck fifteen.) Vidiians. They're using some kind of disrupter to break down the forcefield. The forcefield's down. [Voyager 2 - Bridge] JANEWAY
You did very well. I think she was impressed.
Aye, Captain. [Cargo Bay] (The pods are arranged in a circle, leaning back at a forty five degree angle, and attached to a control console.) Two humanoids dead, three humanoids in deep stasis. Lifesigns apparently stable. (Janeway dusts one pod.) Artificial environment? That sounds like a pretty good way to wait out a planetary disaster. The readings suggest an extended period of mental stress. I'll be monitoring your mental and physical functions. If we detect any unusual activity, you'll be transferred onto our life support system and resuscitated. Inducing primary stasis. Autonomic nervous system link is secure. Lifesigns are stable. There's no interruption of brain wave activity. Captain, the norepinephrine levels are rising. They're well above baseline. Some of that is to be expected, but these levels indicate abnormal stress. Initiating resuscitation. The body temperature is rising. (Beep, beep.) The bodies are returning to stasis condition, Captain. Captain, it's Lieutenant Torres. Her body temperature is rising. She should regain consciousness in about twelve minutes. Captain, it's Viorsa. His norepinephrine levels are rising sharply. [Fantasy land] He's dead. Massive heart failure. Captain, this one's norepinephrine levels are approaching critical. [Fantasy land] (It's the Kohl woman.) Body temperatures are rising. Bio-functions are returning to normal. Their own hearts are taking over. They don't need supplemental life support any longer. [Fantasy land]
Thank you for your concern, but I'll be fine. This scan is very delicate, so try to remain still for the next twenty minutes. Don't worry. We're going to figure it out. Would you mind if I asked you some questions about what you're going through? Well, do you feel as if you're thinking with two minds, two separate minds? Are Neelix and Tuvok inside of you, talking to me, talking to each other? No, of course not. Try to keep still. So, what should I call you? What? Tuvix it is. Why don't we finish the scan? Chief Medical Officer's Log, supplemental. Extensive microcellular scans on the merged humanoid have thus far yielded no clues to either a cause or a method of separation. [Sickbay] Commander Chakotay brought back a few samples on the shuttle and I ran a biochemical analysis. They contain the same elements as many plants. Chloroplasts, lysosomal enzymes, cytoplasmic proteins, but there's nothing unusual. That's right. Symbiogenesis? Like you. Oh, hello. Do you need something? Well, I, er Well, no. Actually That's right. Oh, they were absolutely delicious. These were a little different than usual. Did you change the recipe? I loved the mushrooms. Well, he says he has a system. But I guess you already know that. Why do you say that? I have to go. Thanks again for dinner. [Bridge] (Tuvix is at Tactical, in a normal uniform.) Come in. It's all right. Er, please, sit down. It's funny. If something happened to Tuvok, if Neelix were here, he'd be the first person to comfort me. And if I lost Neelix, Tuvok would be the first person to guide me spiritually. Now I don't have either of them. Thank you, but It's not your fault. Maybe we can help each other get through this. But I hardly know you. And besides, what about, what about Tuvok's wife for one thing? He was completely devoted to her. What happens when Voyager gets back home? Are you just going to forget her? How can you talk this way? Please go. Captain. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have bothered you this late. I'll, er, talk to you tomorrow. I wanted to talk to you about Tuvix. He came to see me this afternoon. He said, he said that he loves me. I wasn't sure what to say. At first, I was angry. But I know how he's trying to comfort me, and I know that he feels alone too. To tell the truth, he's a wonderful person. No, I don't. I mean, how could I? I still love Neelix, and I'm not ready to give up on him, no matter what the Doctor says. What do you do, Captain? So are you saying that I should just accept that Neelix isn't a part of my life anymore? Thank you, Captain. I'll go now and let you sleep. (They hug.) Hi. Good days and bad days. You? Listen, I'm sorry I've been so distant lately. I've been doing a lot of thinking. And I'm hoping that we can be friends. And I'd like our friendship to grow. Yes. But it's going to take time. And you can use the same process? That's wonderful. Isn't that wonderful? Captain, Tuvix has asked me to speak to you on his behalf. But I can't. But I am in the middle. I have been since the moment of the accident. I don't know how to say goodbye to Neelix and Tuvok. I know this sounds horrible, and I feel so guilty for saying it, and Tuvix doesn't deserve to die, but I want Neelix back. (Kes bursts into tears on Janeway's shoulder.) [Bridge] (Tuvix enters, and every one turns to look at him. He goes to Tactical.) Neelix!
The Doctor hasn't deactivated himself for a month. He's tried everything. He searched every database, attempted the most drastic research. You can't fault him. Do you have a moment? I'd like to talk to you about my father. He was a very wise man. More than anyone, he shaped the person I am. If it hadn't been for him I would have never questioned my people's beliefs. I would have never left our city. I would never have met all of you. When he died, I had just turned one year old. I didn't know how I'd get through the rest of my life without him. But then I started working with you and I didn't miss him so much anymore. As Captain, the well-being of your crew is important to you. Their emotional well-being as well as their physical safety? Tuvok, they are suffering because of this. Maybe you don't know what it's like. Then try to imagine what it's like for those of us who feel things deeply. A lot of the crew are on the Bridge hoping you'll talk to them. [Bridge] She has a broken arm. I think there's someone on the monitor. This way. Maybe we can lower the shields long enough to transport the serum.
Standing by, Captain. His hip is broken. Showing severe inflammation in the bronchial tissue. You shouldn't blame yourself, Neelix.  Neelix. You shouldn't go too far away from camp. (She turns to go back and is grabbed by a local.) [Shuttlecraft] (Paris contacts the Talaxians.) They haven't hurt us. I'd say it's the one with the claw. (The oldest male with a claw on the end of a stout stick.) I feel a breeze. Look out! (It snaps at them, and they fire arrows and spears at it.) [Outside the tunnel] Captain! The baby is very sick. She's having trouble breathing. She has a high fever. There's nothing more I can do for her. She's breathing better, isn't she?
What do you think this means? Or a blessing for good luck, or wisdom. Do you hear something? Look at that. It's beautiful. I just want to take a quick look. (Kes goes up the steps and gets zapped by an energy field. She rolls back down, unconscious.) Captain. Captain. And iridium ions are significant? Then how was I cured? That's fascinating, Doctor.
It's a severe concussion.
When did that happen? The doctor wanted me to adjust your neurocortical monitor to pick up additional peptide readings. I can come back later if this is a bad time. What are you working on? Keethara. What does that mean? At the moment, it doesn't look very harmonious. I'm curious. What does a keethara look like when it's done? I'd like to see it when it's finished. Well, good night. It's all right. I understand. (Kes leaves.)  Doctor, what's happening? It's not working. What is it? A third memory engram. How's that possible? So you're saying it's a virus. We were able to kill it using thoron radiation. Apparently the parasite used the childhood memory of a falling girl as camouflage. What about the girl? Did she ever really exist, or did the organism invent the memory?
That would explain the agitation.
B'Elanna, can you hear me? Kes to Sickbay. Medical emergency. [Sickbay] (The EMH shines a light in Torres' eye, and she sits up.) I found you unconscious in the corridor near Engineering. Why did she pass out? What's wrong?
Doctor, Tom doesn't seem to be responding to the treatment. I haven't seen it. I haven't been near the instrument tray. I think he must have suffered some very deep tissue damage. The regenerator isn't helping. Doctor?  [Briefing Room] Doctor, I have the cortical analeptics you asked for. Did I hear you singing? I didn't realise you enjoyed music. What is it? Establish the axon connections and then test for synaptic potentials. Doctor, what is it? The final step is to restore the nerve sheath. You'll need the myelin regenerator. He's going into respiratory arrest! Apply an ethorin pulse to stabilise his motor neurons. Vital signs are returning to normal. There, myelin regeneration is complete. What's the synaptic potential reading? Very good, Doctor, I think you've done it. But what? No, wait. Wait, please. We can't just treat the Doctor like he's a computer any more. He's come too far for that. Doctor, please, think about this. You'd be losing so much. Relationships you've developed, our friendship, your sense of being a true member of his crew. All that would be gone. Look at the experiences you've had since you were activated. You've made friends, learnt how to sing opera. You've even fallen in love. If you lose those memories you won't be the same person. You said you don't know what's causing his memory circuits to fail. So, if you re-initialise without finding out what's wrong the problem could occur again. Isn't it a better plan to look for the cause of the problem? If B'Elanna can find it there may be a less radical solution. Tom Paris is stable, he'll be back on duty today. There's no medical crisis at the moment. I can certainly handle all the routine cases in sickbay. Please, let's not just erase him without trying to help him first. Don't be discouraged. I know B'Elanna can find a way.  [Bridge] I'm the Doctor's assistant. I came to see how he's doing. What do you mean? He's been studying opera. What's wrong with that. What's wrong with wanting to be more than that? The Doctor has taken it upon himself to become a person who grows and learns and feels. It's made him a better physician. Oh he's much more than that, and I've known him for most of my life. He's one of my closest friends. I know he does. Doctor. You can try. I'll work on restoring his cranial nerves, but he's so badly injured I'm not sure it'll help. Doctor, hold on to this tricorder, all right? Keep it pointed right at the patient. His injuries were too severe. Captain, the Doctor's getting worse. He doesn't even know who I am any more. He has to be re-initialised. Is there anything at all I can do for him? Doctor, you mustn't touch those. Here, this one's all right to hold. Yes, that's a good idea.  [Bridge] Doctor, please, I'm just trying to keep you safe. Because your holoprojectors don't work in the corridor. Please, sit down. Doctor, you know I'm your friend, right? Yes, yes! Do you remember me? Oh, that's wonderful. I'm trying to protect you. I think that's when you were activated almost two years ago. That was me. What else do you remember? Tell me. I enjoy hearing them. Doctor, don't think that. That's because you don't have a name! Captain. The Doctor is getting worse. He's starting to dematerialise. I'm afraid we're going to lose him completely. I know B'Elanna is busy but I wondered if Harry could take a look at him. Computer, deck six.  [Corridor outside Holodeck  two] The Doctor's programme is almost completely degraded. We're going to lose him. I expect you to help. That's what you're programmed to do, isn't it? You have to try. You're the only one who can help now. The Doctor did so, why can't you? You'd better start trying because I'm not leaving here until we accomplish something. Yes he does, so start thinking about his memory circuits, his holo-processors, his database, his matrix. You told me you had the same matrix as the Doctor. Then couldn't your matrix be substituted for his? But can it? What if yours were grafted onto his. In medicine we sometimes graft portions of a healthy bone onto a diseased one. It gives the bone solidity until it can heal. Can we do something like that with your matrices? Good. Let's get started. If we don't do this we won't have an EMH to diagnose. Thank you, Doctor Zimmerman. We have to try. Please hurry. It's going to work, Doctor. I'm sure of it. I understand. Doctor Zimmerman said he didn't know if our Doctor would be restored to his programming or he'd regain the memories of the past two years. Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. It worked! Doctor, I am so glad to see you. No. No, there's no emergency. I, er, I just wanted to see if you were all right. We don't have one. In a way. Yes sir.
We've set up a computer algorithm to search for key words and phrases. Anything that might indicate Voyager. That's because you've been spoiled by the holodeck. There's something to be said for non-interactive stories like this, being swept away in the narrative. Sickbay to bridge. Captain, I can't find the Doctor. No. His programme is gone. [Chronowerx - Starling's Office] Like the Doctor. There's literally nothing left of him. He's just gone. Acknowledged, Captain. [Shuttlecraft] Yes, Captain. I'm up to the challenge, Doctor, but what about you? There's going to be more to your life than sickbay.
On my way, Doctor. [Bridge] It's all right, it's all right, we're taking care of you now. Doctor, his heart's stopped. He's not responding to cardiac induction. No synaptic activity. I'm so sorry. There are all kinds of safely procedures and back-up systems to make sure nothing goes wrong. Kes here. I'm sorry, I'll be right there. I have to go. I'll see you later. [Holodeck - Paxau Resort] (Kes is not even toying with her food.) It's just a slight headache. I'll be fine. Really. That sounds nice, but can we do it some other time? I promised to show Nori and Adin the airponics bay this afternoon. Nori really needs a friend right now. I want to be there for her. So I hope you understand I'll be busy with her and Adin for the next few days. This is typical of you, Neelix. It bothers you that I'm making friends of my own. You always have to involve yourself somehow. As long as I still spend most of it with you. Well, sometimes it feels that way. Maybe I never realised a relationship could be any different. I've never been with anyone but you. It might be a good idea for both of us to spend some time apart. I'm sorry. Captain's log, stardate 50348.1. We've entered orbit around Ilari and sent a message to the Autarch inviting him to visit the ship. Instead, he'll be sending an official representative. [Transporter room one] I'm here. I'm fighting him. There are times when he's weaker I can almost break through. I'm losing hold. Don't continue to underestimate me. Release me, or I'll force you out. You're contemptible, Tieran. I won't be any part of your plans. That may work with others, but it won't with me. It's a battle I intend to win. I've been more to you than that, and you know it. I'm fighting you with every bit of strength I have, and it's wearing you down. You're becoming more unstable every day. The headaches alone are almost more than you can stand. I know all about your life. I know about your suffering. It doesn't justify what you've become. You're a monster, Tieran, and I have no compassion for you. You may have my body but you'll never have my mind. I won't surrender it. You're already deteriorating and it's only going to get worse. I'll find every little crack in your defences. You'll feel yourself crumbling from within, your sanity slipping away. I won't stop until you're broken and helpless. There's nowhere you can go to get away from me. I'll be relentless and merciless, just like you.  [Imperial Hall - Council Chamber] (Tieran wakes to find Adin scanning her.) Tieran? No, he isn't. He's still here. He moved onto someone else before you used this. He wanted you to think he'd been destroyed, but he's hiding in a new host. I know you too well, Tieran. You died a long time ago. Now it's time to let go. (Kes puts the stimulator onto Ameron. He screams.) Demmas, it's over. (She gives him the Autarch's talisman.) [Tuvok's quarters] (A meditation lesson.) I can't. I've been using all the meditations you've taught me, but they're not helping. How can I worry about my own well-being when so many people have suffered and died? I can't help wondering whether I could have fought harder. Everything seems so different now. My thoughts and perceptions, even my relationships with my closest friends. You, the Doctor, Neelix. How can I go back to my normal life as if nothing ever happened?
Thanks for inviting us to watch with you, Captain. It's really got me interested in learning more about stellar phenomenon.
Yes, Doctor. [EMH narrative - Bridge] I told you he'd understand. The specimen has synthesised B'Elanna's growth hormone into its own structure. The virus has grown by one hundred and fifty microns. Doctor! The virus has grown to point three metres.
Harry, Tuvok, the lake is perfect today. We were just talking about you. Marayna said what an excellent student you are. Lieutenant Tuvok prefers the solitude of his own quarters and a game of kal-toh. I'm going back on duty. Thanks.
Chakotay and Tom were released.
  Here are the results of his cortical scan. 
No pulse, no blood pressure. Minimum electrical activity in the midbrain. No measurable response in the cerebral cortex. Doctor, we're getting a thready pulse. Pulse is weakening. We're losing her again. No vital signs. No brain activity. No change. Doctor Captain? Kes to Commander Chakotay. I need to talk to you right away. [Briefing room] It was more than that, I'm sure of it. I hear them. So many voices. It's difficult. Yes, I'm in that place now. I'm trying. I don't think so. I can't hear anything. I'm just not getting anything. I felt empty. alone. Maybe you're right. What I sensed wasn't the Captain. it was me wanting to believe she wasn't dead. Thank you for helping. I don't think I would have accepted it if you hadn't at least tried. Goodnight. (Kes leaves.)
Sounds like he was electrocuted. Is it still alive?
We have some analeptic compounds in the biolab. I'll get them for you.
Captain. Zahir is the pilot I've been working with on the medical supply transfer. Hello, Doctor. Doctor, what's happening in here? What are you hoping to gain? I'm sorry, Doctor, but things are going extremely well. The Mikhal Travellers are intriguing. They've been to so many places, done such amazing things. Maybe it's how they do it that's so impressive. Their ships are small, only a pilot and a navigator. Sometimes they just pick a direction and go. You should come down to the planet, Doctor. I want you to meet Zahir. I've been working with him on the transport of our medical supplies. He's unique. Not Zahir. He's more than that. By whom? And what do you hope to leave behind? I could say the same about you. I can see the attraction. Some kind of compromise might be possible. All right, then. How about an understanding. A meeting of the minds. Is this what you brought me here to see? How beautiful. Was this left by the same people who made the path ten thousand years ago? Can you read it? Thank you for this. (They kiss.) [Transporter room] (Kes is beamed aboard feeling very pleased with herself.) (to transporter operator) Hi. [Corridor] Good evening, Tuvok. Yes, it is. I haven't forgotten. I didn't think anyone would still be working at this hour. I was supposed to do that. I'm sorry. I'll do them as soon as I can. I'm a little late. Doctor, I know that you care about me and that you have my best interests at heart, but everyone seems to be treating me like I'm still a child. I'm three years old now. If I'm attracted to someone it's my business, not the whole ship's. I know that you care what happens to me, I won't forget that. I'm going to do it right now. [Ready room] Hello, Captain. Er, Captain? Captain, do you have a minute? You know I've been spending time with Zahir. He is. I want to spend more time with him. A lot more time. He wants to explore the Sylleran Rift. His ship travels at high warp. We could rendezvous with Voyager afterwards, before you're too far away. It's more than that. Captain, I've lived almost a third of my life now. I've been asking myself if I want to spend the rest of it on Voyager. Everyone here has been so good to me. I don't want you to think I'm ungrateful. I've just been thinking that maybe there's more. I don't know what that means, but I know I'm changing, and I know that there are things that I'm not satisfied with. I want complication in my life. Maybe so. I understand. Thank you, Captain. [Nakahn's Lodge] Aren't you finished yet? Thank you, Tuvok. (Tuvok leaves.) I was talking to Captain Janeway. She said I shouldn't rush a decision. We've still got two more days here. I can't. Not tonight. I have to catch up with my work and get some sleep. Too late. No. No, I was just thinking about something Captain Janeway said. About coming to a crossroads. Maybe someday we'll recall this conversation, this place, as if it were the most important time in our lives. It's a little overwhelming. Zahir was found unconscious at the bottom of a ravine. He's in the emergency outpost facility. Multiple fractures and skin lacerations. Damage to the left occipital nerve. Doctor, they think that he was attacked. They don't know. Tuvok is assisting with the investigation. If your could help, the physician in charge is waiting for you. Yes, Doctor. Is the Doctor all right? Computer, what is the Doctor's location? Doctor? What are you doing? Who are you? Where's the Doctor? What do you want? Where are we going? The Captain will be alerted as soon as the transporter is activated. She'll beam us right back to the ship. What you're doing is wrong. That's not what I meant. I'm not going, Doctor. Why does it bother you so much when I call you Doctor? You said he was inside you, and he was unconscious. Why are you so afraid of him? Why? You won't fire. Don't! Please stop. The mobile emitter contains both your programs. If you damage it you could both be destroyed. Why? The historical characters? What truth is that? You're wrong. Empathy and kindness are basic to all forms of life. You have access to the Doctor's medical knowledge, you know what he does. Then you know what I'm saying is true. The very organs and cells of the body cooperate with each other, otherwise they wouldn't function. Families, societies, cultures, wouldn't have evolved without compassion and tolerance. They would have fallen apart without it. Your very own holographic technology would never have been developed without cooperation and understanding between countless individuals. The Doctor deserves to exist as much as you do. We can find a place for both of you. What's the point? You're forgetting Voyager's blockade. I'm tired. Why? Don't you see what you've been trying to do? Doctor, listen! Think about all the things you've said and done. You don't want to kill me. You've been trying to protect me! When you attacked Zahir. Or was it to keep me from leaving with him? When I walked in on you on the holodeck you could have killed me, not knocked me unconscious. I needed a hostage. You said you were taking me for my own good, to prevent me from making the wrong decisions. You said I was naive and needed your help. That's not what you say to a hostage. In your own way, you've been trying to protect me. You've twisted and suppressed all that's good inside you, but it's still there. You can't deny it. I'm ready to get to work on those analyses. The Captain suggested I consider all the consequences. If I am going through changes in my life, things that are unpredictable, this is the best place for me. Yes. I would have missed you too, Doctor. (Kes leaves.)
Still no respiration. Her blood pressure's ninety over forty and dropping. Her neural tissues are starting to degenerate. No effect. Let me take care of that. What do you mean? And now you're not? But none of that happened. B'Elanna got hurt, but she'll recover. Harry, you can't undo what's been done. Doctor, she's regaining consciousness. There was an accident in Engineering. A plasma conduit exploded.
I don't know you. I don't know you. Where am I? What is this place? No. Yes. I've seen you before. The boy, he called you Doctor Van Gogh. You said I was your finest friend. How could I be your friend? I don't know you. Er, people around me, crowded around me. You, the boy, a young girl. I was in a chamber. A bio-temporal chamber. I was inside it and you told someone to activate it. No. So cold. I'm cold. I'm cold. [Kes's quarters] (Kes wakes up in her own bed. There is a picture next to it, of a younger her holding a baby. She gets up and sees her reflection in a mirror.) Andrew? Where am I? What quarters? I don't know who you are. But you, I know who you are. Tell me what's happening. How did I get here? Yes, Sickbay. I remember that place. I was just there. Just a few minutes ago. Doctor Van Gogh asked me some questions. I couldn't remember anything. Working? What kind of work? Who are you? Just people crowded around me. Voices. The Doctor told everyone to leave and then he told someone else to activate the bio-temporal chamber. And then I woke up and there was a boy, Andrew, standing over me with a present, calling me Grandma. But he was there. The Doctor sent him to get my family, and I was cold and I woke up in that bed in the quarters, and I don't think so. How do you know? Morilogium? Are you saying that I'm dying? Everyone listen to me, please. I want to know what's going on here. Maybe the morilogium is causing my amnesia, but that doesn't explain how I seem to suddenly jump from Sickbay to my quarters, or how I remember being in a bio-temporal chamber. No. They're not delusions. [Sickbay] No. I'm cold. Andrew. I think it'll be worth the wait. Come and talk to grandma for a minute, will you? I'm going to ask you a few questions and I want you to think very carefully before you answer them, all right? Where were you before you came to this party? And then you came directly here? Doctor, there's something wrong with me. Promise to hear me out and not assume I'm delusional. Promise! I've lost all but a few of my memories, and the memories I do have don't coincide with anyone else's. Well, I was in Sickbay, and you and a woman, my daughter, were arguing about prolonging my life. And then I suddenly appeared in my quarters and then I simply appeared here. No. I was awake, I'm sure of it. But nobody else remembers the things I do. You talked about that. You wanted to put me in a bio-temporal chamber to stop my aging process. Because you told me. If that were true, then how could I already know about it. I do have memories, they just don't coincide with anyone else's. First Andrew gave me a belated birthday present, then he said he was working on the present, and now he just apologised for not starting it yet. Are you saying I can see into the future? I'd like to do something to help myself. Well I seem to have lived quite a full life on this ship. Maybe if I have a look in my medical files, or check other record of my activities, I might be able to fill in some of the blanks. Oh, hello. I've had a busy life. It's hard to know where to start. How about you? Neelix? What about this. It says I got some kind of radiation poisoning on stardate 50973. Year of Hell? B'Elanna? No. No, it's my fault. You haven't done anything wrong. It's just Maybe the feelings I had for you will come back. Chroniton torpedoes? Maybe we should try scanning for residual [Kes's quarters - 2378] (A younger, long-haired Kes is holding a baby.) What's the date? Yes, the stardate. Over six months. Tom, we have to talk to the Doctor. Come on. [Doctor's office] No, they're apparently random. One time it seemed to span for a few weeks, and the last was half a year. Each time I arrive I seem to exist in temporal synch with the rest of you for a while, but before I can make anyone understand what's happening I find myself in am earlier time of my life. And just before it happens I seem to experience a sudden drop in body temperature. What is it? So I was right. There is a connection. The bio-temporal chamber. It's as though I came into existence at the moment of my own death, without any memories. I've been living my life backwards ever since, jumping progressively to earlier moments in my life. accumulating memories and experiences as I go. Your past has become my future. You're very good at this, aren't you. Doctor Van Gogh? I'm sorry. All this must be taking you away from your baby just now. You must be wanting to spend every second with him. Now, Linnis, I don't think it's Linnis, you must be a good mother. I happen to know that Andrew grows up to be a wonderful child. [Sickbay] (Kes is pacing the surgical alcove.) Hello, Tom. I feel like I'm in a cage. Doctor Van Gogh says I'd enjoy that. What is it? Oh, it means so much to have you here now. (Linnis enters.) What's happening? Where am I? I have to see the Doctor. Yes, she is. Tom, listen. We need to talk. (Beep!) What is it? Chroniton torpedoes. The Year of Hell. You told me that the crew referred to this time as the Year of Hell. It's a long story. Neelix, listen very carefully. There's something very important I have to tell you. [Mess hall] (The mess hall is an overflow ward.) We're both fine. Just before the last jump we were close to a solution. The Doctor was working on We discovered that what's been happening to me is related to the chroniton poisoning I suffered during a Krenim attack. We have to determine the exact temporal variance of the torpedo, so that You have to put me in the bio-temporal containment field. I know it didn't work last time, but with a few modifications I'm cold. No, you don't understand, I'm about, I'm about [Holodeck - Paxau resort] I have to talk to you. You must be B'Elanna. Actually, there is something wrong. (Whumph!) They're called the Krenim. Captain Janeway? Captain, these torpedoes are chroniton based. They're passing through our shields because they're in a state of temporal flux. (Another torpedo hits Voyager, and the Engineering console explodes, sending Janeway and Torres flying.) They're dead. I'm not sure, but I think it has something to do with remodulating the targeting scanners. I understand my condition can't be a priority now. How are you doing? Tom, I know it doesn't seem possible now, but you're going to be all right. You can. Chroniton radiation. This is it. I'm infected. Where's the radiation coming from? I've got to get down there. I have to find the exact temporal variance of that torpedo. I know what I'm doing. You stay here and help Tom, all right? Doctor, you've lost your hair. It's a long story. The important thing is, the temporal variance of the chroniton torpedo was one point four seven microseconds. [Briefing room] Captain, there's something else I have to tell you. In about six months you're going to enter a region of space controlled by a race called the Krenim. You must avoid them at all costs. Oh, not again. I'm sorry. I know this is going to sound strange to you both, but I don't belong here. You don't understand, I'm travelling backwards in time, getting younger. We have to lower my chroniton levels. You've got to get me into the bio-temporal chamber right away. Listen to me, please. It begins about eight years in the future, when I'm about to die. No! [Ocampa - 2370] What's the date? How old am I? I remember last month's supply of replicator rations that you borrowed, that you owe me, if that's what you're asking. It's not as if I've seen everything that's going to happen over the next six years. I only remember short periods I experienced between jumps. Well, as Tuvok said, I've only seen pieces of one possible future. I'll get started right away. If there's one thing that this experience has taught me, Captain, it's that there's no time like the present. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
 How's the new holo-family, Doctor?  Doctor? Can I help you with something?  How's the family?
I'll run a microcellular scan.
They've given us food, water and medical supplies. Everything but information.
Seska, what's going on? Why are we being treated like prisoners? What are you going to do with us?
Maybe we can develop some kind of protective shielding against them. They take over the blood cell functions like a virus. I saw Borg. There were bodies. Dozens of them, dead. [Bridge] Harry's in danger. Get them out of there. I could hear its thoughts. The pilot of the bioship was trying to communicate with me. They're a telepathic species. I've been aware of them for some time now. The premonitions. Captain, it's not the Borg that we should be worried about, it's them. It said, the weak will perish. Captain's log, stardate 50984.3. It's been twelve hours since our confrontation with the alien lifeform. There's no sign that we're being pursued and we've had no further encounters with the Borg. I've decided to hold our course. The Northwest Passage is only one day away, and I won't allow fear to undermine this crew's sense of purpose, even if that fear is justified. [Sickbay] (Kim is being absorbed, just like the Borg on the bioship.) Yes. I can hear them. They're in a place where they're alone. Nothing else lives there. I don't know. I feel malevolence, a cold hatred. The weak will perish. It's an invasion. They intend on destroying everything. Normally, the answer would be no. But if what I've learned from the aliens is true, the Borg are losing this conflict. It's working. Yes, Doctor. They're watching us. [Borg Cube] It feels different this time. It's almost like they're right here, in the room. I'm trying to block them out, but I can't. You're fit to return back to duty, Lieutenant. Oh, I'm all right. The visions have stopped for now. (Janeway is on a biobed.) I can hear them. They want to talk through me. They say we've contaminated their realm. They say our galaxy is impure. Its proximity is a threat to their genetic integrity. They said your galaxy will be purged. (The bioships start firing. People are thrown to the decks.) Yes. They're not responding.
Yes, Doctor. (The necessary hypo flies across from the trolley to her hand.) I don't know what happened. I looked at the hypospray and it just came to me. No, not for months, but I have been feeling a little strange lately. Lots of energy, sleeping less. No. This time it's different. I don't feel their presence at all. Wait. I can see it. I think the problem is in her colliculli. Yes, I can see it. A Borg implant. It's pressing against her trochlear nerve. I think I can do more than tell you. (Kes' mind makes the tiny implant detach and dissolve. Seven stops moving.) I feel exhilarated, Captain. I've never been so focused in my life, and my telepathic abilities are stronger than they've ever been. I feel like I'm in control. I'm ready. How do we begin? I can see the essence of the fire. I'm making it hotter, brighter. It's as though I knew what had to be done. Something's happening. I can see further, beyond the subatomic. But I can see it, Tuvok. It's a new level of reality. It's beautiful. Wait a few seconds. I want to try to control it. (The lamp wibbles.) Don't worry, Tuvok. (And returns to normal.) [Engineering] Something's wrong. The Borg is trying to contact her people. Wait. I think I can stop her. (A ripple passes through the Jefferies Tube wall until it reaches Seven. She is thrown backwards.) It's over. Neelix, where did you get this? Three years ago. It was when we first arrived on Voyager. Yes. To the adventure. I know things have worked out exactly the way we planned. No. I couldn't have come this far without you. And I love you. I always will. It's just, er That's exactly what it was. I don't know, and that's what makes it all so exciting. It's as if I can see into a place where the distinction between matter and energy and thought no longer exists. And that's only the beginning. I feel as if all the boundaries within me are about to fall away. I only have to look at an object, to gaze at it, and I can begin to see that the space between the atoms is being filled with something else.(The table starts to wibble.) I can see them, I can see. No. (She looks up at Neelix, and he gets thrown backwards.)KES: Neelix! [Bridge] Actually, I'd like to stay here, help with the research. Just let me stay for a little while. I haven't seen you much over the past few days. I miss you. I'm sure it was the logical thing to do. I've been thinking about everything that's been going on, and I know what I have to do. It's time for me to leave Voyager. Something important is happening to me, and I want to explore it. But I can't stay here any longer. I'm a danger to all of you. Everybody thinks that what's happening is a medical condition. That's not it at all. I'm going though a transformation. I don't know how or why, but every cell in my body is telling me that I'm changing into something more. It's my decision. My fate. Would you really try to stop me? It won't work. Look at me, Captain. I'm the same Kes you've always known. I haven't lost my judgment. I'm not under some alien influence. I believe something crucial is happening to me and I want to see it through. Captain, I can't stop it.  (Something explodes behind them.) What's happening? What's happening to me.
