Don't say it, think it. Use your mind, not your mouth. Deanna, shame. What has this life done to you? So, you're not totally out of practice. Good. Very good. [Lwaxana's quarters] You've been slack, little one. Allowed your mental powers to rust. Yes, they do, don't they. Poor dears. Our style of complete honesty frightens them. If they'd only say what they think instead of hiding it. An entire shipload of such inconsistency could drive one insane. Try and remember your heritage, little one. (out loud) Captain! Even Xelo never had such thoughts about me. You may energise. (Lwaxana and Homn are beamed away)
Lwaxana Troi, daughter of the Fifth House, Holder of the Sacred Chalice of Rixx, Heir to the Holy Rings of Betazed. Legs! Where are the legs? Oh, I hate that. I will never completely trust this device, Jean-Luc. Aaagh! Delegates? Last time I saw something like that, it was being served on a plate. Darling. Well, well, well. And you, Jean-Luc, I wasn't aware you had such handsome legs. My valet is waiting. You may beam him aboard now. You remember Mister Homn, of course. I retain his services despite the outlandishly lustful thoughts he spews in my direction. You can put that down, Homn. We can't deny the Captain the honour of carrying my belongings. That's not what you're really thinking, Jean-Luc. You forget I'm a telepath. Really? That's a custom we may have to introduce again. [Lwaxana's quarters] Thank you. I am be serving a Betazoid dinner of greeting tonight, Captain. It is an ambassadorial function. He's a fine man. Solid, reliable. He's a little on the stuffy side, but, all in all, he's not that bad. But that's exactly what men are, darling. Especially human men. Was your father ever unhappy with me? You will as you mature, darling. And the men in your life are going to bless you for it. You're so beautiful. [Bridge] Hello, Jean-Luc. So glad you could come. (at table) A toast to Earthmen, who, despite their faults, have that unique ability to charm women of all races, in all corners of the galaxy. I know what you're thinking, Captain. You're wondering whether I'm seeing any other man. On a serious basis. I wouldn't worry about it, Jean-Luc. Competition seems to bring out the best in the human male. You never assume anything where Lwaxana Troi is concerned. Betazoid women are full of surprises. Strange, I'm not really very hungry tonight. I wonder what's made me lose my appetite? Any ideas? (Homn strikes a gong) I don't know. What? [Bridge] How could you possibly think I would want to share our special time together with that, that, robot of yours? Not really. Is that so? Deanna, darling. Thank the Four Deities you're here. No! I mean, I'm sure you're needed on the Bridge as well. I know we will. (Picard and Data leave) Well, Little One, the Captain is every bit as charming as your father was. [Corridor] I had no choice. I was going to Pacifica, you were going to Pacifica. I have it completely under control. Well, far enough along for me to enjoy it, Little One. Don't be ridiculous. This simple little dress? Nothing provocative about it. I'm going to do the only honourable thing there is to do. And I'd say your Captain has the inside track. Why not? He was thinking about it all through dinner. [Ready room] Unavailable? Ship's business? You mean ship's business takes precedence over me? Oh, well, he was too old for me anyway. Homn, perhaps we should consider my alternate plan. You worry too much, Little One. Your mother has the situation well in hand. [Hill's office] I still say they look better in sauce. When will the good Captain revive them? You seem a fine boy. One day you'll grow up to be a big, strong man. But I'm afraid I cannot afford to wait for you to mature. Now that's more like it. Your thoughts, they're primal, savage. I like that in a man. Which is in your favour, men so often being irrational and egotistical. But unfortunately, I've grown accustomed to human companionship. Pity. You'd have made a fine choice. Well, who's next, Mister Homn? (Homn thinks, then puts his hand across his eyes) Ah yes. Let's do it, I'm not getting any younger. (Lwaxana and Homn leave) I didn't just stroll on, dear. I took the turbo tube, or whatever you call it. The Captain's not here? I have other interests as well. You're going to see the Captain? But I thought he was tied up on ship's business. Excellent timing. Then you may also inform him about us. You don't mind if I let our ship's crew know first, do you, William? Friends. Dear friends. You are all invited to a prestigious occasion on the planet Pacifica. There, on the shores of the Western Sea, in a traditional Betazoid ceremony, your Commander Riker and I will be joined in the union of matrimony. Until death us do part. I know how you feel, dear. You're overwhelmed with excitement. Believe me, I understand. We'll talk about the details later. Right now, there are preparations to be made. (Lwaxana and Homn leave) My fiancé just has to see how I look in this. Come along, Homn. [Corridor] Hello, computer? Is Commander Riker still on the Bridge? Holodeck? Where is that? So, this is where you've been hiding, Jean-Luc. I'm surprised you let this part of the ship get this dirty. Oh, relax, Commander. You've been making your true feelings quite clear. Obviously you feel unable to handle me. You are a very interesting person. This is the most remarkable man. I have never met anyone quite like him. He's strong. I get no thoughts from him at all. Nothing. I've never known a man so able to keep his true feelings completely hidden. No man has ever been such a mystery to me. I usually know their thoughts before they do. No. And I never realised how erotic that could be. Carry my beverage to that table. We have some things to discuss. Not just yet. Tell William I'm sorry, but Rex and I are getting married. Pity. Duty calls, darling. But I'll be back for you later. Oh? [Corridor] (Exiting a turbolift) Imagine, allowing me to go on like that with that man, who doesn't even exist. Why are they still here? They're not delegates. Those two are assassins. Don't bother to deny it. Your minds are so unsophisticated I can read your thoughts in my sleep. Their robes are lined with ultritium, highly explosive, virtually undetectable by your transporter. Well of course you are. They were planning on blowing up the entire conference. Ah well, I didn't find a mate, but I did save the conference, as well as your reputations. All in a day's work, I suppose. (in mid transport) Jean-Luc. Shame on you for thinking such a thing. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
(whilst eating) Little One, you could at least pretend you're happy to see me. You mean talk with my mouth full? Deanna, please! Come in, Little One. [Troi's quarters] (Lwaxana is lying on the couch) I'll be home on Betazed if you need me, Little. Deanna. [Ready room] I believe I can control him, Little One. I'll be fine. (Deanna vanishes) Little One, Tog's given me something perfectly hideous to wear. He says it flatters my beauty. Little One, if Tog were a kitten, he'd be purring. (Riker starts working on a computer panel) Say no more, Little One. Yes, you can, and before he changes his mind.
Little one, why do you refuse to use telepathy even when we are alone? I am a woman dressing for a man. Something you might try now and then, dear. I wonder if Timicin likes green. I'm sorry, little one. I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm sorry. But I'm crying. I don't cry.
Deanna, my dear! It's Mother! [Transporter room]
But you'll do exactly what you want. Just like always. Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. (there's the repeated sound of something falling into water) Help me. Help me! (Deanna jumps into the void) [Arboretum] (although the pond is still, the sound of running water is very loud. Deanna's reflection turns into that of a blonde girl) Go.
Where is everyone? Oh, I hate that. Don't say it, think it. Use your mind, not your mouth. Deanna, shame. What has this life done to you? No, don't tell me. You're the Captain. That wasn't telepathy, it was just common sense. Who else would they send to greet me but the Captain? You may carry my luggage. Yes, you do seem to be having difficulty. A man your age must work to keep himself in shape. I apologise for her behaviour. Do you realise you've embarrassed your Captain? Anything to avoid a quarrel on this occasion. It's amazing how that accent of yours reminds me of your father. (Mr. Homn the valet lifts the case with ease) I was forced to terminate his employment. Xelo was strongly attracted to me. His thoughts became truly pornographic. [Turbolift] Of course, the thoughts of Wyatt's father toward me were almost as vulgar, but he really doesn't have Xelo's He doesn't really have Xelo's imagination. Between him and that woman's inane chatter, it's a wonder I made it here at all. How do you like the Millers, Captain? As for me, I find it shocking how they've changed in the years since my husband and I knew them. Of course, it's probably because I've grown beyond them. You realise of course that with Betazoids, our ability to read the thoughts of others does see us grow much faster than the typical plodding human who So, you're not totally out of practice. Good. Very good. [Lwaxana's quarters] Yes, the room is adequate. Small, but adequate. You will of course adjust the temperature to a civilised level? Yes, Captain. You may go. (Picard backs out of the room with a bow) You've been slack, little one. Allowed your mental powers to rust. Yes, they do, don't they. Poor dears. Our style of complete honesty frightens them. If they'd only say what they think instead of hiding it. An entire shipload of such inconsistency could drive one insane. Darling, I'm terribly sorry about what happened here. Truly I am. Steven Miller tracked me down and reminded me of the vows we had made. Deanna. You may find Wyatt an unusual person. I've sensed remarkable depths in him. [Bridge] All parties do not request it. It's simply out of the question. I'm sorry, Captain, but unfortunately you are not practiced in the ways of Betazed joining. Therefore you are totally unqualified. I thought you had no sense of humour. Earth wedding? Ridiculous! So, that's why you want that backward ritual. Terrible, Captain, to see a woman go downhill like this. The matter is settled. Mister Homn will conduct the joining. No matter, he is highly adept in the acts of sign language. The matter is closed. Your ignorance is astonishing. I am Lwaxana Troi. Daughter of The Fifth House, Holder of the Sacred Chalice of Rixx, Heir to the Holy Rings of Betazed. Who are you? As you well know, it is the Betazed way of giving thanks for the food we eat. I do it now. Unlike some people, I am in growth. (The apparently decorative leaf-like thing on her sleeve, shakes at her) Victoria, I've forgotten whether you enjoy pets or not. Good. (So the thing on her sleeve slides over to Victoria Miller, who of course screams) Gently, gently. Poor baby, did she hurt you? Why, I'd be delighted, Commander. It's an ancient ceremony, widely regarded as the most beautiful in the universe. After the young couple have removed their clothing All guests must go unclothed. It honours the act of love being celebrated. Oh, you needn't worry too much, dear. Your body's not that bad. Besides, your husband quite likes the idea of seeing me unclothed. You did know he's attracted to me, didn't you? Oh, Wyatt, how do you like my new hairstyle? Of course, it's going to look much better on me when I'm naked. Oh, but I am always serious, dear boy. Only my pleasant nature makes it appear otherwise. Yes, that was puzzling. A woman out of another place who insists that she knows you. And whom you've dreamed of all these years. Fascinating, Wyatt, how easily your thoughts come through. The answer to the puzzle of Ariana and you is so simple, it's too simple for most humans to understand. Of course. It's something they all know instinctively but go to great effort to reject or to build complicated superstitions about. All life, Wyatt, all consciousness, is indissolvably bound together. Indeed, it's all part of the same thing. That weren't so. And no doubt so has Ariana, which helped the two of you to make contact. Wyatt, tell me something seriously. Which of these would look best on me naked? [Sickbay] You've done very well for a human, Wyatt. Seems such a shame to waste the whole trip. Perhaps I should stay and be joined to a new mate? Well, the Captain's highly attracted to me, but he's a little too old. Perhaps I should choose you. (Riker) Oh. Very well. It's his loss. Mister Homn. Try and remember your heritage, little one. (out loud) Captain! Even Xelo never had such thoughts about me. You may energise. (Lwaxana and Homn are beamed away)
Oh, let me talk to them. I'm sure I'm more articulate than that. Lwaxana Troi, daughter of the Fifth House, Holder of the Sacred Chalice of Rixx, Heir to the Holy Rings of Betazed. Do what to you, Little One? Oh, Jean-Luc. What naughty thoughts. But how wonderful you still think of me like that. [Transporter room] Legs! Where are the legs? Oh, I hate that. I will never completely trust this device, Jean-Luc. Aaagh! Delegates? Last time I saw something like that, it was being served on a plate. Darling. Well, well, well. And you, Jean-Luc, I wasn't aware you had such handsome legs. My valet is waiting. You may beam him aboard now. You remember Mister Homn, of course. I retain his services despite the outlandishly lustful thoughts he spews in my direction. You can put that down, Homn. We can't deny the Captain the honour of carrying my belongings. That's not what you're really thinking, Jean-Luc. You forget I'm a telepath. Really? That's a custom we may have to introduce again. [Lwaxana's quarters] Thank you. I am be serving a Betazoid dinner of greeting tonight, Captain. It is an ambassadorial function. He's a fine man. Solid, reliable. He's a little on the stuffy side, but, all in all, he's not that bad. But that's exactly what men are, darling. Especially human men. Was your father ever unhappy with me? You will as you mature, darling. And the men in your life are going to bless you for it. You're so beautiful. [Bridge] Hello, Jean-Luc. So glad you could come. (at table) A toast to Earthmen, who, despite their faults, have that unique ability to charm women of all races, in all corners of the galaxy. I know what you're thinking, Captain. You're wondering whether I'm seeing any other man. On a serious basis. I wouldn't worry about it, Jean-Luc. Competition seems to bring out the best in the human male. You never assume anything where Lwaxana Troi is concerned. Betazoid women are full of surprises. Strange, I'm not really very hungry tonight. I wonder what's made me lose my appetite? Any ideas? (Homn strikes a gong) I don't know. What? [Bridge] How could you possibly think I would want to share our special time together with that, that, robot of yours? Not really. Is that so? Deanna, darling. Thank the Four Deities you're here. No! I mean, I'm sure you're needed on the Bridge as well. I know we will. (Picard and Data leave) Well, Little One, the Captain is every bit as charming as your father was. [Corridor] I had no choice. I was going to Pacifica, you were going to Pacifica. I have it completely under control. Well, far enough along for me to enjoy it, Little One. Don't be ridiculous. This simple little dress? Nothing provocative about it. I'm going to do the only honourable thing there is to do. And I'd say your Captain has the inside track. Why not? He was thinking about it all through dinner. [Ready room] Unavailable? Ship's business? You mean ship's business takes precedence over me? Oh, well, he was too old for me anyway. Homn, perhaps we should consider my alternate plan. You worry too much, Little One. Your mother has the situation well in hand. [Hill's office] I still say they look better in sauce. When will the good Captain revive them? You seem a fine boy. One day you'll grow up to be a big, strong man. But I'm afraid I cannot afford to wait for you to mature. Now that's more like it. Your thoughts, they're primal, savage. I like that in a man. Which is in your favour, men so often being irrational and egotistical. But unfortunately, I've grown accustomed to human companionship. Pity. You'd have made a fine choice. Well, who's next, Mister Homn? (Homn thinks, then puts his hand across his eyes) Ah yes. Let's do it, I'm not getting any younger. (Lwaxana and Homn leave) I didn't just stroll on, dear. I took the turbo tube, or whatever you call it. The Captain's not here? I have other interests as well. You're going to see the Captain? But I thought he was tied up on ship's business. Excellent timing. Then you may also inform him about us. You don't mind if I let our ship's crew know first, do you, William? Friends. Dear friends. You are all invited to a prestigious occasion on the planet Pacifica. There, on the shores of the Western Sea, in a traditional Betazoid ceremony, your Commander Riker and I will be joined in the union of matrimony. Until death us do part. I know how you feel, dear. You're overwhelmed with excitement. Believe me, I understand. We'll talk about the details later. Right now, there are preparations to be made. (Lwaxana and Homn leave) My fiancé just has to see how I look in this. Come along, Homn. [Corridor] Hello, computer? Is Commander Riker still on the Bridge? Holodeck? Where is that? So, this is where you've been hiding, Jean-Luc. I'm surprised you let this part of the ship get this dirty. Oh, relax, Commander. You've been making your true feelings quite clear. Obviously you feel unable to handle me. You are a very interesting person. This is the most remarkable man. I have never met anyone quite like him. He's strong. I get no thoughts from him at all. Nothing. I've never known a man so able to keep his true feelings completely hidden. No man has ever been such a mystery to me. I usually know their thoughts before they do. No. And I never realised how erotic that could be. Carry my beverage to that table. We have some things to discuss. Not just yet. Tell William I'm sorry, but Rex and I are getting married. Pity. Duty calls, darling. But I'll be back for you later. Oh? [Corridor] (Exiting a turbolift) Imagine, allowing me to go on like that with that man, who doesn't even exist. Why are they still here? They're not delegates. Those two are assassins. Don't bother to deny it. Your minds are so unsophisticated I can read your thoughts in my sleep. Their robes are lined with ultritium, highly explosive, virtually undetectable by your transporter. Well of course you are. They were planning on blowing up the entire conference. Ah well, I didn't find a mate, but I did save the conference, as well as your reputations. All in a day's work, I suppose. (in mid transport) Jean-Luc. Shame on you for thinking such a thing. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
(whilst eating) Little One, you could at least pretend you're happy to see me. You mean talk with my mouth full? Deanna, please! Come in, Little One. [Troi's quarters] (Lwaxana is lying on the couch) I'll be home on Betazed if you need me, Little. Deanna. [Ready room] I believe I can control him, Little One. I'll be fine. (Deanna vanishes) Little One, Tog's given me something perfectly hideous to wear. He says it flatters my beauty. Little One, if Tog were a kitten, he'd be purring. (Riker starts working on a computer panel) Say no more, Little One. Yes, you can, and before he changes his mind.
Jean-Luc! You delicious man. You were just thinking of me, weren't you? Well think no further, dear heart. She's here! Oh, serious. You're always so serious. And you're always busy with something or other. Never the right thing, though. My daughter tells me that we're picking up someone interesting here. Oh, Kaelon Two? I've never heard of that. Diplomacy. I adore diplomacy. Everyone dresses so well. [Transporter room] And Daughter of The Fifth House, Holder of the Sacred Chalice of Rixx, Heir of the Holy Rings of Betazed, and what are you doing for dinner? The man's never been on board a starship before, Jean-Luc. Certainly somebody ought to make him comfortable before you get started. You just think of me as your Entertainment Director. (Picard, Lwaxana and Timicin leave) What does that little one do, Mister Woof? Oh. Ah, there you are, dear. Where've you been? I've been waiting for you. (Lwaxana walks straight past Deanna to Timicin) So nice to see you again so soon. What? Oh yes, dear, of course I was. You really must let me do something to relieve the tedium of all this work, work, work. I don't see why. There are lots of other people here. Well, don't you worry. We'll just have our little chat later. (Lwaxana leaves) Enough is enough. Rescue is at hand. Doctor Timicin, would you clear all this mess from the table, please? Now, now, now, you boys have been shut up in here for hours. Now, if you don't eat something, you're going to get sick, and who's that going to help? I've made some perfectly marvellous Mantickian pate. Mister Homn will lay it out for us. Mister Homn is my valet. He doesn't say much. These two call me Mrs Troi. You call me Lwaxana. Mister Homn? Spread it. [Turbolift] So, knowing that my daughter's starship would be passing fairly close to Betazed again, I manoeuvred a ride and here I am. Deck eight. Then you're married. You know, one thing I don't understand. If your people have known for generations that their sun is dying, why not simply evacuate the planet? Then you definitely should fix it. And the Federation will be pleased to offer whatever help it can. (at Lwaxana's door) Would you come in for a nightcap? My valet sleeps elsewhere. Just say yes. I'll make you laugh some more. Little one, why do you refuse to use telepathy even when we are alone? I am a woman dressing for a man. Something you might try now and then, dear. I wonder if Timicin likes green. Oh, I tried telepathy on him. He's the wrong species. Right species for everything else, though. You might try that once in a while, too. I'm so sorry, Timicin. I had one of those named after me once. Brilliant young astronomer from Rigel Four. Of course, I sparkled a bit myself in those days. You see, that's called fishing for a compliment. You're supposed to tell me I still sparkle. I'm sorry, I'm not helping, am I? Oh, that's all right, I can make enough conversation for both of us. I'll leave you alone. What difference do a few years make? Are you aware these people you are so graciously helping are murderers? Well the next thing to it. When a person on this benighted little planet reaches the age of sixty, which Timicin is about to do, they're expected to simply kill themselves. Did you know that? Well, I know. Timicin himself just told me. He is supposed to go down there, to his loving friends, be wined, dined, honoured for his achievements and then kill himself. It's a barbaric ritual. The Resolution, it's called. Obviously, you can't let him go, Jean-Luc. I don't think you've been listening to me. The man is supposed to kill himself. You don't just let that happen. You don't just turn your back. What's the matter with you! But you have to. In a situation like this, you absolutely have to interfere. You've got to go down there and talk to those people, Jean Luc. Open their eyes, educate them. Well, that's your Prime Directive, not mine! (Lwaxana leaves) What do you mean, I can't go down there? Are you telling me that I'm a prisoner on this ship? Well, I am sure! I am a Betazoid ambassador. I'm a Daughter of the Fifth House, and those people are going to answer to me! So you just energise this damned thing and get me down there! His orders don't apply to me. Don't you try your professional patronising on me, young lady. They expect Timicin to die, don't you realise that? Just because he's sixty! What's sixty? It's nothing. (Lwaxana bursts into tears) I'm sorry, little one. I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm sorry. But I'm crying. I don't cry. You remember that? But this isn't the same. Is it? I don't know. I just can't accept that fate will allow me to meet him like this and then take him away. I mean, he's not ill. He hasn't had a tragic accident. He's just going to die, and for no good reason. Because his society has decided that he's too old, so they just dispose of him as though his life no longer had value or meaning. You can't possibly understand at your age, but at mine, sometimes you feel tired and afraid. No, no, I'm a hateful woman. I hate what you're going to do, and I hate you for doing it. I never will. Never. (they kiss) (later, Lwaxana is wearing a loose robe and a big smile, as Timicin wakes up) I don't know. A minute. An hour. Do you want anything? Some tea? No, no, you're not cruel to them. You just kill them. A celebration of life. It sounds very noble, very caring. What you're really saying is you got rid of the problem by getting rid of the people. What about the responsibility of caring of the elderly? We raise them, we care for them, we suffer for them. We keep them from harm their whole lives. Eventually, it's their turn to take care of us. Well why the hell not? (to the replicator) Oskoids. (eating) Oskoids. A Betazed delicacy. You should have tried it while you were still alive. No reason to bother now. Why sixty? Why not sixty two, or fifty eight? But it's not reasonable. Certainly not in your case. You're as vital and healthy a man as I've ever known. But it makes no sense. Some of your people could still be active at seventy or eighty, and others might be seriously ill at fifty. How cruel of you to make them wait so long to commit suicide. I agree. Why not let everybody die when they die. You have a grandson, you said. Well, wouldn't it be better for him to know his grandfather? Not some vague memory of someone who once loved him, but a real living person who does love him. Don't you really think that would be better? The women of Betazed used to wear these enormous wigs with large holes in the cenre for tiny caged animals. First, it was a fashion. Then it went on long enough to become a custom, a tradition. But it was uncomfortable for the woman and cruel to the animal. So then one day, one very formidable woman finally said so, refused ever to wear another of those wigs. fairly soon the custom stopped. She had the courage to stand up and fight for change. Timicin, there is no one more qualified, more experienced, or more likely to save their planet than you. And they would have you kill yourself. Your planet has what, thirty, forty years left? What if your scientists can't find the answer without you? What then? What chance do you think your grandson has of reaching the age of sixty? If that's the way it is, I don't know why anyone's bothering to try to save your world at all. If its time has come, let it die. Where's the difference, Timicin? Where? [Engineering] But Jean-Luc will find a way to settle this. He always does. Now don't be foolish. You have made a statement about the sanctity of life, and it will be heard, Timicin. Timicin. I've been looking forward to meeting you, Dara. Your father's work may save your world, my dear. I would hardly consider that irrelevant. Perhaps you will feel differently as you get a little older, say approaching sixty. It's an obscene ritual. I am suddenly suddenly not sure of myself. It's a feeling I'm not at all used to. I don't think I like it very much, little one. My life has been full. Now and then, perhaps it's overflowed a little, but I enjoy living. And now I am asking myself is it possible I was wrong to encourage Timicin to choose life? Maybe I want him to live just to keep me company. Did I? Then look what I've done to him. He's like a man who's lost his faith. I never considered how deeply ingrained this Resolution liturgy is. Well, this is a bad one. It should be the point of view of any reasonably intelligent middle-aged person. Unfortunately, it is not. (doorbell. Troi answers it and Timicin enters) You're going back. It's not enough. It is the custom for your loved ones to join you at this Resolution, is it not? Yes, I do. Permission to disembark, Captain. I promise I won't cause any problems down there. We're ready, Mister O'Brien. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Deanna, my dear! It's Mother! [Transporter room] Oh, I've got such deliciously exciting news, you're going to be absolutely thrilled! I'm getting married! [Ten Forward] You know, with just a bit of redecorating here and there, this Ten Forward room should make a very nice wedding hall. Where else, my little one, but here amongst all my good friends and in the presence of my adored daughter. My poor, plodding, little Deanna, with her questions, questions, questions. Wherever did you inherit such pedestrian genes? What matters, my little one, is that your mother's happy. He's such a wonderful man, and he has such good breeding, I tell you, he's absolute perfection. He's Campio, Third Minister to the Conference Of Judges on the planet Kostolain. Royalty, my little one, naturally. Well, neither, actually. You see, we haven't exactly met yet, really. Oh, but the profiles we've exchanged. Why, they're in such accord that you could weep, my little one. You would weep at the harmony between us. Deanna, I love you, but you do make everything sound like an epitaph. (Worf and Alexander enter, still discussing the contract) Well, of course he's unreasonable. He's a child. And such a child. You know, making little boys reasonable only gives them pimples. Alexander! What a wonderful name. You know, I once knew a tall, handsome warrior named Alexander. Oh, he utterly adored me. We went everywhere, simply everywhere. Have you been anywhere yet? Contract? What contract? Well, how ghastly for you. And you're doing this to your own child, Mister Woof? Contracts are usually between people who don't really trust one another. A child who is trusted becomes worthy of that trust. And if he does not perform his contractual duties, I assume he will be chastised? And if you fail to perform your duties, what is the child supposed to do about it? Alexander. Now life's true gift is the capacity to enjoy enjoyment. Now, have I arrived too late, or can you still smile? [Corridor] Ah! My little warrior. And how are you this morning? Oh, I see. Being punished for something, are we? Then you're early. That's very responsible of you. Before what? Now, if we're to be real friends, we've got to share only the truth. Well, for one thing, it's easier. When you tell the truth, you never have to remember later what you lied about. But mostly, a true friend is a person you can always tell the truth to without worrying about it. Oh. That's not very fair, is it. To tell you the truth, little warrior, neither do I. But, I do know one marvellous thing we can do with rules. Exactly. [Corridor] I'll bet you've never been to a colony of free spirits. Whatever they want. Artists, philosophers, free thinkers and people who don't quite fit other people's rules. Personally, I come for the mud baths. You, oh, you're going to adore the mud baths. Computer? I'm assuming you have the Parallax Colony of Shiralea VI? Oh, good. Then run it for us, dear. [Holodeck - Shiralea] (they're greeted by a multicoloured head in a bubble, who pulls faces and changes his colours) A Wind Dancer. He stands guard. You see, only those whose hearts are joyous may enter. Come on. (a fire eater blows a perfect triangle of flame, then a five pointed star) Fire sculptor. We'll chat with her later if you're not wearing anything flammable. Actually, we were about to experience a mud bath. Who else are you going to fight with if not your friends? Damned if we know. We're just here for some fun and a mud bath. No, it doesn't. Well that's a conversation stopper if I ever heard one. So, my little warrior wants to see more in life than just fighting. The mind opens, and in creeps wisdom. [Worf's quarters] (Worf is digging discarded clothing and toys out from underneath furniture, and muttering) Of course. Every one of us has a thousand different kinds of tiny people inside of us. And some of them want to get out and be wild, some want to be sad, or happy, or inventive or even just go dancing. That's why we all have so many different urges at different times. And all those different little people inside us, we must never be afraid to take them with us wherever we go. I mean, who knows when we may need one of them to pop up and rescue us from ourselves. Variety, my little Alex. The great secret is not the variety of life, it's the variety of us. Little one! Mister Woof. Come, join us. [Troi's quarters] I exposed you to all sorts of mixed messages when you were that age. You still turned out deadly dull. What are you so worried about? I'm letting Mister Homn take care of all the mundane details. He knows my tastes. Deanna, there's absolutely nothing to do, you nosey little girl. Campio's already sent me his mother's wedding gown, which Mister Homn is now altering for me. Outside of that there really isn't anything else Campio is from a different planet with different traditions. He would not approve of a traditional Betazoid wedding, so I am happily adapting. Now it's as simple as that. I need some tea. Oh, why can't I ever work this replicator? Computer, some jestral tea, please. Anyway, why shouldn't I get married if I choose to? You make everything into such a mystery. There is no mystery, Deanna, except about this Petrokian sausage. (which has just arrived in the tea cup) The tea. All I wanted was a cup of tea. Oh dear, I think your replicator's having a nervous collapse. [Engineering] Bad enough having to wear anything at my own wedding, but this? Perhaps if we lower the bodice? Raise the hemline, then. What a constant joy you are. (doorbell) Mister Homn. (Alexander is less than half Homn's height) Alexander! My little warrior, come here. Come on. Give me a great big hug. Now, you're not escaping another appointment, are you? Well, I suppose eventually we all have to live up to our obligations. Well now, tell me. What brings you here to brighten my day? That's very sweet, dear, but I really wasn't in any trouble. Until I saw this dress. Ugly, isn't it? I'm getting married. Are you sure my daughter didn't send you? Just a joke. People get married because they want to spend their lives with someone. Well, if you're young and lucky, it'll be someone you like a lot, yes. And if you're older. I'm alone, Alex. And when you do get older and can no longer pick and choose from whatever may come your way, then you do what we call compromise. It keeps you from being afraid. [Bridge] (brown hair) Ah, Campio! My dear, your compatibility profile didn't do you justice. I, of course, am Lwaxana, and any introductory compliments you'd care to make will be happily received. Now that worked just fine. (she moves to kiss Campio, but the aide puts his hand in the way) Campio, may I present my daughter? Deanna Troi, meet, well, your future stepfather, come to think of it. Campio? Personally I adore all the ostentation I can get, but, Protocol Master? Oh, yes. How very thoughtful. Unpardonable. [Bridge] (working at the science station) Well, I certainly don't wish to be considered anti-Erko, dear, but I did promise Alexander one more holodeck trip. Come along, my little love. My goodness, Campio. You and I are going to have the rest of our lives. I'll tell you what. I'll be back here with you in one hour exactly, all right? Yes, we certainly do, dear, but not just now. Well, how, er how do I address him? Ah. I'll remember. Oh, Mister Homn. You make everybody comfortable until we get back. Especially the Minister, here. Now, I'll be back. One hour, darling. I'll see you then. How thoughtless of me. I guess we'll just have to have a little picnic before our mud bath. Oh, well can't we just pretend it's acceptable? We'll be back. Don't be absurd. You poor dear, don't they ever let you change those colourless outfits? Oh, Minister, darling, perhaps you and the Jerko here can come with us. Oh. Well, half hour, then. No longer, I promise. Mister Homn, your duties. Well, now. Almost time to get back. Of course not. I'm about to be a bride. Oh, he might. Probably not. Alexander, what are you talking about? No. No, don't you dare be sorry. (she notices the grid appearing through the illusion) Come along, Alexander. Let's not leave everyone waiting for us. [Engineering] Ah, heavenly. Every pore in my body tingles with contentment. Isn't it wonderful how things work out, Alexander? I wanted to teach you how to grab the joys of living, and you turned around and taught me not to let go of them. How very mutual. She's absolutely right, Alexander. But only when necessary.
(in brown, almost drab for her) I don't know what they'd have done without me. First, I had to learn how they communicate. It was an absolutely exhausting process. Quite different from Betazed telepathy. We transmit words. With the Cairn, it's images. A flood of them all at the same time. It's overwhelming. Actually it's a very efficient way of communicating. If two Cairn were having this conversation it would have been over minutes ago. Of course, they realise that they'll want to communicate verbally if they join the Federation. Do me a favour. Introduce yourself to one of them. Engage him in conversation. They need the practice. I see you've already met my star pupil. Hedril's picked up spoken language much faster than the others. Deanna was quite good at languages when she was little. Where is Deanna? Hedril, darling. (Lwaxana has what looks like a dizzy turn) Go find your father, dear. I want to talk to him. Yes yes just a little tired. This constant telepathy with the Cairn. I'm fine, really. Aren't you going to mingle, Mister Woof? Don't worry. The Cairn couldn't read your thoughts even if they wanted to. Your brain isn't sophisticated enough. (to Riker) Neither is yours, dear. They can only communicate with other telepaths. Have either of you seen Deanna? Deanna, dear, come with me. I want you to meet the senior diplomat of the Cairn delegation. Maques, this is the beautiful daughter I've been telling you about. Deanna. Good. Well, I'll just let you young people chat. (Lwaxana takes Hedril and moves off) Deanna! Good morning. So what did you think of Maques? He's really very sweet. And lonely. Poor man. A widower, raising a child alone. I just think it's time for you to settle down. If your father were still alive, I'm sure he'd say the same thing. [Turbolift] (there is a crewman in the turbolift) But you'll do exactly what you want. Just like always. You are so precious to me. You're all I've got. If something happened to you I don't know what I'd do. You'd better go. No, I'm fine. I'm just tired from working with the Cairn. It's making me emotional. Go on I'll see you later. Go on. [Troi's office] Commander! Take your hands off her. Don't you Mrs Troi me. Why don't you leave her alone? If it weren't for you she'd be married by now. Now I am warning you. Stay away from my daughter! I don't know what got into me. Please, tell Will how sorry I am. Psilo-what? I can't. We only have three days left and the Cairn have so much to learn. No, you're only half Betazoid, dear. And you have no experience with their form of telepathy. I suppose we could do that. And if they don't understand something I'll explain it to them telepathically. I suppose you're right. [Arboretum] (two children are rolling a ball by a small pool) I'm only trying to help, dear. I'm just tired. Maybe I'll sit down. (Hedril goes to play with the other children) Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. (there's the repeated sound of something falling into water) Get away from her! [Sickbay] Help me. Help me! (Deanna jumps into the void) [Arboretum] (although the pond is still, the sound of running water is very loud. Deanna's reflection turns into that of a blonde girl) Go. Go away. Leave me alone, please. No! Oh, no, I'd never let anything happen to you. Never. You were just a baby. I can't. I can't. Please don't make me go through this again. No, Kestra, stay here with us. Kestra. Oh, Kestra, you've made the baby cry. Don't cry, Deanna. Don't cry, mommy's here. What's wrong, what's wrong, little one? Tell mommy what's wrong. Ian, she's teething, Now where's her ring? (it goes dark) No, no. I don't want to see this again. I can't. I don't remember. The dog got away. She ran after him. We didn't notice. (lights up, Ian is soaking wet and Lwaxana is distraught) (back to the dark) Why? Why did I look away? Why wasn't I paying attention? How can I? I let her die. She woke up every morning with a smile. How? How can I do that? No. No. Kestra. Oh, Kestra. My precious one. I'm so sorry. (they embrace) I know. I know. (Kestra vanishes, and Lwaxana takes Deanna's hand) [Sickbay] (Lwaxana and Troi are holding hands as they both wake up) [Troi's quarters] (Lwaxana has dug out a picture of Ian with the two girls) I remember the day I took this. I wish you could have known her, Deanna. I wish you two could have grown up together.
