What a mess.  You don't really expect to get an answer, do you?  Logical.  Very bad, Mister Spock.  We've lost a great deal of fuel. We have no chance at all to  reach escape velocity. And if we ever hope to make orbit, we'll have to  lighten our load by at least five hundred pounds.  Aye, you could put it that way.  It's too delicate. It may not be able to take the pressure as it  is.  If you'll give me a hand with this conduit.  (Boma closes the door and leaves them to it)  (later)  Pressure's dropping. We're losing everything.  One of the lines gave. The strain of coming through the  atmosphere and the added load when we tried to bypass. Yes, that's done  it.  We have no fuel.  We have no fuel! What alternatives?  It's dangerous, but it might work.  I can adjust the main reactor to function with a substitute fuel  supply.  Aye, we do. Our phasers. I can adapt them and use their energy.  It'll take time, but it's possible.  Aye.  If I can get a full load, we should be able to achieve orbit  with all hands. Not that we can maintain it long.  Aye, aye, sir. [Transporter room] (A bunch of boxes is beamed aboard)  Another hour, maybe two.  Doctor, a phaser can only drain so fast.  You've got your hands full. Captain's Log, stardate 2823.1. Our landing parties  are on the surface of Taurus Two. We continue to hope. Instruments are  slowly returning to an operable condition as the ion storm slowly  disperses. On the ship, we can only wait helplessly. [Bridge] They're in good shape, but they won't lift us off, if that's  what you're getting at.  That they will, Mister Spock!  (He dashes to the rear compartment and puts on big rubber gloves)  Ready, Mister Spock.  I daren't use any more. Not and be sure of ignition.  Aye.  That's enough!  That's it.  If we shed every ounce, we might be able to achieve orbit.  A few hours, no longer. But if we time it right, we can cut out  of orbit and save enough fuel for a controlled re=entry.  We have very few alternatives, Mister Spock.  Maybe eight minutes if the weight's right.  (McCoy appears from the aft compartment)  Aye, aye, sir.  We should be moving, but we're not.  What are you doing?  We'll never be able to hold orbit.  No, Mister Spock.  (They swap seats)  Fifteen pounds psi. Approximately enough for one orbit, sir.  Tapping our boosters ended our last chance for a soft landing.  Mister Spock, you said a while ago that there were always  alternatives.  Orbit attitude, Mister Spock. With our present fuel, that gives  us about forty five minutes.  Mister Spock!  (There's a jolt as two long plumes of flame streak out from the  nacelles)  He jettisoned the fuel and ignited it.  The orbit'll start decaying as soon as the fuel's exhausted. Say  six minutes. [Bridge] (The air is full of pointless status reports over  the comm. when suddenly)  A distress signal? It's like sending up a  flare. Mister Spock, that was a good gamble. Perhaps it was worth it.  Orbit decaying, Mister Spock. Ten seconds to atmosphere. 
All right, Captain. Locked on to you. 
We've searched again from stem to stern. If they're not down on  that planet, they're nowhere.  Request assignment to the search party, sir.  Ready, Mister Spock.  Aye, it's there, Mister Spock. Peaceful as  Earth, but how do you explain it?  Aye, it could, but it couldn't move around much.  If we find any, it doesn't follow that it would be our people.  Shooting in the dark, Mister Spock? 
We'll either catch them or blow up, Captain. They may be faster  than we are.  We're dead, Captain. Locked up. Frozen tight. All propulsion  systems read zero.  KIRK; Life systems?  They're all normal, sir. Atmosphere, heat, light. No variance.  I don't know, sir, but whatever it is, we canna move.  Aye, sir. It does no good.  I tried that, sir. Nothing. 
Oh, did Mister Spock get the phaser  rifle we sent down?  You're a talented thief, Kelso. Everything you sent up  seems to be fitting in place. 
Tractor beam on, sir. We have the target.  (The bright light of the tractor beam forces Captain Christopher to  lower his visor)  Engine room to Captain Kirk.  Sir?  Engine room to Mister Spock.  We've completed re-energising the warp engines, sir. We can  re-fire them anytime.  Aye, sir. Engine room out. 
If we try to warp out or move on  impulse, we'll lose our shields and burn up like a cinder.  Impossible to break away. I've tried the emergency bypass  circuits but they haven't been effective.  (The conversation ends in a crackle of static.)  Those heat beams are still on us.  You've got to cut them off, Mister Spock, or we'll cook.  He's peaceful enough, but he worries me. 
Scott here, Captain.  Of course, sir. As per orders.  Nothing, sir. All quiet.  All personnel?  We've been through a bit, but we're all right now. How  about the Captain and you?  This is the USS Enterprise.  All cities and installations on Eminiar  Seven have been located, identified, and fed into our fire-control  system. In one hour and forty five minutes [Bridge] Aye, Captain, are you all right?  Aye, aye, Captain. Is there anything else we can do?  Scott here, Captain. 
Scott here.  Twelve units have malfunctioned, leaving seventy two still  operating. Thirty of those are women.  This is Scott. Captain's headed for the Engineering  section. I'll follow in case 
Forty eight hours maybe, with a bit of luck.  I'll be right down. Scott out.  Scotty here, Captain. My brilliant improvisation Just gave  up the ghost. It couldn't stand the strain. 
Control circuits threatening to overload, Captain.  Switching to manual, Captain. Do we maintain this orbit?  (at the helm) We're guiding around most of the time ripples now.    Doctor McCoy!  Nothing wrong with the communicator, sir.  You mean we're stranded down here?  Then even finding McCoy would be a miracle.  Aye.  Good luck, gentlemen.  What happened, sir? You only left a moment ago.  (McCoy returns.) 
Out of range, sir.  Captain, we'll get too close to the sun.  Aye, they make regular trips from here carrying supplies to the  asteroid belt for the miners and bringing cargo out. I've made the run  a couple of times myself as an engineering advisor.  None, sir. Just that noise we heard.  Mister Spock, I thought you were still  confined to Sickbay.  Here, now. Where do you think you're going?  Not likely, Mister Spock.  Aye, sir, and I'm sorry I have to disobey it. The Captain said  no one was to transport down. Mister Spock.  (Spock pushes Scott aside and neck-pinches his assistant. But Scott has  a phaser in his hand when he gets up again.)  Freeze right there, Mister Spock, or I'll put you to sleep for  sure. This is Mister Scott in the transporter room. Get me the Captain.    (Soon after, Kirk enters with an entourage, and the other man is  rubbing his shoulder.)  He said he was transporting down to the surface, sir. Your  orders were that no one was to beam down unless you authorised it. And  knowing Mister Spock's determination on some things, I thought I'd  better hold him here until I got your orders.  Scanners ready, sir.  KIRK; Very well. Ready, Helm?  All satellites operative, Captain.  (Down on the planet, gel-creatures are dropping to the ground and  dissolving.) 
Motive power? Beats me what makes it go.  I'd sell it if I had any. That's a solid cube. How something  like that can sense us coming, block us, move when we move, well it  beats me. That's my report.  You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mister Sulu.  Then may heaven have helped your mother.  Engines need work badly, Captain. Can you hold it here a few  hours?  Aye, sir. (leaves)  Well, yes, sir, but it's risky. We're locked on what appears to  be a main deck.  Breathable. In fact, a slightly higher oxygen content than our  own. Communicator, phaser weapon.  Bend low, gentlemen. It reads pretty cramped over there. Ready  to transport. 
Everything's vanished. 
Thank you, Lieutenant.  All scanners, spherical sweep. Range, maximum. They'll have to  pick it up.  There'd still be traces of residual matter floating around,  Lieutenant.  Lay on that course. Maintain scanning.  Steady as she goes, Mister Sulu.  The shuttlecraft was on schedule until it was shy five hours of  rendezvous. Then something happened.  It didn't wreck. There was no debris. There's no trace of  expelled internal atmosphere, no residual radioactivity. Ah, it's.  Something took over. Tractor beams maybe. Something. They dragged it  away on the heading we're now on.  We stay on this course, see what comes up.  Aye. [Cochrane's home] (Spock is working on the Universal Translator. It  is basically a metal tube nearly a foot long, that can be held in the  hand.)  Atmosphere count?  All right, then. We'll do it the hard way. All sensors set for  life form registration. Automatic selection.  That's right, Lieutenant. Thousands. And we'll look them over  one by one. [Outside Cochrane's home] (Another contact session is in progress.)  Put him on. Lock on to his co-ordinates. Captain, this is  Scotty. Are you all right? [Outside Cochrane's home] The helm is computing your position now,  Captain.  We'll be there in 57 minutes, sir. [Outside Cochrane's home] What happened, Captain? [Outside Cochrane's home] We're locked in, Captain. Standard orbit  established. Shuttlecraft bay standing by to receive you. [Outside Cochrane's home]
How long were you stationed on the planet, Doctor?  Aye, sir. We'll keep on our toes.  [Settlement] (Kirk, Spock, McCoy and one security guard beam  down.)  Well, let's put it on the screen.  (A small dot on the monitor above the science station.)  Who else would be playing cat and mouse with a starship? Well,  they can't hurt us much out there, bobbing about like that. No need to  call the captain yet. [Tent] Put a booster on it, Lieutenant. Try to pull it in.  Dierdre? That's a freighter.  Helm?  Try the captain.  Prepare to take us out of orbit, Mister Sulu.  We have a distress call from a Federation ship under attack.  That's where our duty lies. Take us out of orbit, Mister Sulu. Ahead  warp five.  Captain's log, stardate 3498.9. Lieutenant  Commander Scott in temporary command. [Bridge] We were forced to leave Capella to aid a  Federation vessel under attack by a Klingon vessel. We were unable to  contact our landing party before we were forced to answer the distress  signal. Our inability to reach the landing party is strange and I am  concerned.  [Tent] (Eleen is with the three men, and the guards are  now inside the doorway.)  Sensor report, Mister Chekov.  Mister Sulu, begin a standard search pattern. All scanners full  intensity, Mister Chekov. (to Uhura) No signal at all?  I'm well aware of a freighter's maximum speed, Mister Sulu.  Captain's log, stardate 3499.1. Before leaving the  Capellan encampment, we managed to retrieve our communicators. Our  phasers were not to be found. We've fled into the hills, yet we know  the Capellans will eventually find us by scent alone, if necessary. And  we've learned one thing more. The girl, Eleen, hates the unborn child  she is carrying.  [Hillside] (It is, of course, a place with plenty of rocks and  cliff faces.)  A vessel doesn't just disappear.  Mister Chekov?  Mister Chekov, pull the microtape on that distress call. I want  it replayed.  Did you hear it? They called us by name. Not a general distress  signal, but one aimed right at us.  How would a freighter know we were ordered into this sector?  We'll stay long enough to make certain. Continue search pattern.    Mister Chekov?  We're turning back. Warp five, Helm.  Warp 6 as soon as she'll take it, Mister Sulu. The captain could  be in trouble back there.  Ignore it.  Ignore it, Lieutenant. Log it as my order, my responsibility.  There's an old, old saying on Earth, Mister Sulu. Fool me once,  shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.  Estimating to planet?  Sub-light one half.  Mister Sulu, sound battle stations.  Drawing a line, daring us to step over it.  This is the commander of the USS Enterprise. Identify yourself  and your intention. Acknowledge. Close out the frequency, Lieutenant.  And we'll go right down their throat, if necessary. Let's see if  they have the belly for it. [Hillside] (Kirk and Spock are lying in wait for the  Capellans, who are travelling single file. Maab stops the column and  sends a scout ahead.)  Hold it there. Drop your weapons.  (McCoy arrives carrying the baby, and Eleen goes to him.)  Well sir, we had a wee bit of a run-in with a Klingon vessel,  but he had no stomach for fighting. We checked the encampment, found  out you were here, and had no trouble at all in tracking you down. I  could  (He is interrupted by the baby crying.)  What's that again, Mister Spock? 
Well in that case, there's nothing like a wee bit of coffee to  get you back in shape. Join me, Carolyn?  Gentlemen. Come along, my dear.  Come along.  (He and Carolyn enter the turbolift.)  External pressure building up, Captain. Eight hundred GSC and  climbing.  One thousand GSC and climbing. (The crew react to increasing air  pressure) Becoming critical, Captain. We can't handle it.  Pressure is gone, Captain. Space normal on hull.  Power is what he controls. You can't do tricks like that without  energy.  I would like to point out that we are quite capable of some  wrath ourselves.  Leave her alone.  And so do you.  (Scott draws his phaser and Apollo blasts it out of his hand with a  point of his finger. Chekov finds his phaser doesn't work.)  She's not going with you.  (Scott gets thrown over a table with a flick of the wrist.)  I am tingling all over. Did he take her with him?  Captain, we've got to stop him. He wants her. The way he looks  at her.  I'm able, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  Aye.  (leaves)    Unquestionably, an immensely powerful field of energy is being  generated around here somewhere. We're just having difficulty focusing  on it.  You bloodthirsty Saracen, what have you done with her?  (Scott picks up a statuette and rushes at Apollo. He gets another  finger blast of electricity for his effort.)  I can't get my arm to move.  Captain, we've got to do something!  Carolyn. What's happened to her?  Captain, we've got to wait until Carolyn comes back before we  fire on the temple. We don't know what would happen to her if he was  suddenly attacked. She might get killed.  Captain, we've got to go and find her!  But what if he doesn't. What if he  Captain! 
Aye, sir. [Bridge] (Another blast from the machine.)  SPOCK; Sir, deflector shields are gone.  Captain Kirk.  Right away.  I'll stand by here. 
Captain, I think I'm going to like Argelius.  You mean to tell me all these women, that all this is  Aye. Why shouldn't I?  Now that's what I call a real Captain. Always thinking of his  men.  (The dancer comes over, bends over backwards then does a shimmy before  returning to the small stage to finish. Scotty bangs on the table in  applause.)  Now no one has to tell an old Aberdeen pub-crawler how to  applaud, Captain.  (She comes over, but the man at the next table doesn't look too pleased  with the situation.)  'Tis a fine foggy night tonight, and I doubt if anyone's ever  told you of the marvellous fogs we have in Aberdeen.  Well then, why don't I show you? There's nothing like a walk in  the fog with a bonny lass.  You don't mind, do you? I might even get back to the ship on  time.  I, I don't remember.  We were walking in the fog. I was up ahead trying to lead the  way. I heard the girl scream. I remember starting to turn.  I don't remember another thing.  I certainly hope so, sir. I can't stand this not knowing.  (leaves)  Lieutenant? Captain? Where's  Dead? But I  I was sitting there. She was taking her readings, and now I'm  sitting here.  I tell you, I don't remember. I must have passed out.  Captain, I've been trying. I can't even believe this is really  happening.  Captain, you mean my neck is going to have to depend on some  spooky mumbo jumbo?  (Kirk's communicator beeps.)  No, Captain.  KIRK Scotty, I'm sorry. You don't even remember whether you did it or  not.  Sir, I swear to you I did not kill your wife or the other  ladies.  Aye.  Aye. I understand.  Captain's log, stardate 3615.4. With Mister Scott  in a technical state of arrest, we have beamed aboard the Enterprise to  continue the investigation.  [Briefing room] I'm not lying, Captain. I don't remember a thing about the first  two murders.  Captain? I didn't black out when Mister Jaris' wife was killed.  We were holding hands. When the lights went out, the circle was  broken. I heard the poor lady scream, and as I was near the head of the  table anyway I went toward her. But there was something in my way.  No, Captain, some thing. Cold, it was, like a stinking draught  out of a slaughterhouse, but it wasn't really there. Like it. (lost for  words) If you know what I mean.  No, Captain. That I'm sure of.  Twenty two sir.  Morla on the one side and you on the other, sir.  I don't remember.  I don't remember.  Captain!  (The viewscreen has an image of hot swirling flames or lava. Anyway, it  is fear-inducing.)  Well, sir?  What did you do with that thing, Captain? Did you send it back  to the planet?  Why not? For a while there I didn't know whether I was innocent  or guilty.  Let's go see! 
Bridge to Captain.  Life support systems are out all over the ship. [Bridge]
We seem to have a problem here, too.  I'm not sure, sir, but we've run measurements on the  electromagnetic field of the planet, and they are a wee bit abnormal.  That might have something to do with it.  Scott, sir. Our antimatter pods are completely inert. [Bridge] And it's pinpointed in the area of that  village we located down there.  There doesn't seem to be any immediate  danger.  Scott here, sir.  Like a giant tractor beam, and we can't  break loose. [Bridge] We're like a fly on fly paper. Even  worse [Bridge] We'll only be able to maintain full  power for sixteen hours, then we burn up for sure.  Scott here.  Here, sir.  Captain, we've pulled away a little. We  gained maybe an hour, but we blew almost every system in the ship doing  it. [Bridge] I'll have all engineering sections  working on the circuits immediately. Transporter'll be ready in an  hour. 
We couldn't get out of here in a century. We're ready to  bridge power from the engines to the transporter. [Engineering] I've got to complete a few more  computations.  Fourteen minutes. We've got to go! 
They're not answering our signal. There's nothing to lock  onto.  SULU (lights go out again) Another circuit, sir.  Only one, sir, but we've locked onto three more.  [Transporter room]
Doctor McCoy, this is Scott. May I come  see you? 
Here, you're not allowed  (He is pushed against the wall and knocked out briefly. Norman fights  everyone that comes at him.)  Captain, he's here. [Bridge] Let go of me! Now what are you doing? What kind of a woman  Harry Mudd! Oh, you bogus frat, you. You're the cause of all  this, are you?  Aye, sir. And I stayed until that female gargantua threw me into  the transporter beams.  Absolutely fantastic. Hand-worked to the finest tolerances,  microvision, and a nanopulse laser. I've never seen the like before.  Captain, you should see this shop! Why, they have facilities  we've never even thought of.  What did they offer you, Uhura?  Well, Captain, androids and robots, they're just not capable of  independent, creative thought.  How does it look?  (in a monotone) Food and drink and happiness mean nothing to us.  We must be about our job.  Dying and crying and lamenting over our burdens.  (clutching at his heart and crying out in anguish) I canna go  on! I'm tired of happiness. I'm tired of comfort and pleasure. I'm  ready! Kill me! Kill me!  (They point their fingers at him and whistle. Scott slumps to his  knees.)  Goodbye, cruel universe.  Explosive! (gets up again) 
Aye.  I am relaxing.  (There is a crowd at a long table, and there are purring sounds.)  I'll tell them before they go, sir.  Why, no, sir.  But, Captain. Aye, sir.  Uh, no, thanks.  When are you going to get off that milk diet, lad?  Where I come from, that's soda pop. This is a drink for a man.  Aye.  Easy, lad. You ought to be more forgiving.  Take it easy, lad. Everybody's entitled to an opinion.  Don't do it, mister, and that's an order.  Forget it. It's not worth fighting for. We're big enough to take  a few insults. Now, drink your drink.  (swaps Chekov's vodka for Freeman's red wine.)  Laddie, don't you think you should rephrase that?  Aye, Captain.  Um.  I did, Captain.  They insulted us, sir.  Aye, it was.  Aye. Chekov wanted to, but I held him back.  Well, the Klingon, sir. Is this off the record?  Well, Captain, the Klingons called you, uh a tin-plated,  overbearing, swaggering dictator with delusions of godhood.  No, sir. They also compared you with a Denebian slime devil.  And then they said you  Yes, sir.  No, sir.  No, I didn't. You told us to avoid trouble.  And I didn't see that it was worth fighting about. After all,  we're big enough to take a few insults. Aren't we?  They called the Enterprise a garbage scow, sir.  Yes, sir.  Well, sir, this was a matter of pride.  (big grin) Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. That'll give me a chance to  catch up on my technical journals.  [Sickbay] (There are a lot more than eleven tribbles now.)  They're into the machinery, all right, and they're probably in  all the other food processors too.  Probably through one of the air vents.  Oh, er, Captain, it was really Mister Spock's recommendation.  I used the transporter, Captain.  Aye.  Captain Kirk, that'd be inhuman.  I gave them a good home, sir.  I gave them to the Klingons, sir.  Aye, sir. Before they went into warp, I transported the whole  kit and caboodle into their engine room, where they'll be no tribble at  all. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Scott here, Captain.  Scanning, sir.  Twelve, Captain.  Bridge. Scott here.  (Armed guards enter.)  We were becoming concerned, Captain. You were a bit  overdue.  Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Ready to beam up three.  (They disappear in a hail of bullets.)  Captain's log, stardate 4041.7. Note commendation,  Engineering Officer Scott. Despite enormous temptation >  [Bridge]
Bridge, Scott here. 
Aye, sir. 
Cutting in if I may, Captain. The USS Yorktown is  expecting to rendezvous with us in less than seven hours. 
I hope so, Captain.  It's no good, sir. The best we can do is to maintain thrust  against the pull and hold our position.  And still draining. We can maintain  thrust for another hour and fifteen minutes.  (Spock and McCoy enter.)  Sir?  Scott here, sir.  We can't last more than forty five  minutes at this rate of decline. Less, if I have to apply more thrust. 
Enterprise. Scott here.  Aye, Captain. [Bridge] Acknowledged, Captain.  Aye, he's here. Mad enough [Transporter room] What?  Standing by.  Scott here. 
Right. Locked onto you. Energise. Coadjutor  engagement.  Magnetic. Decontaminate that uniform.  That acted like a burnout.  Just one moment, Captain. It checks out okay now. You better go  get a synchronic meter so we can double-check.  All right, Captain. Locked onto you. (Kirk stumbles as he leaves  the platform) Are you all right, Captain?  Let me give you a hand.  Wilson will be right back, sir.  (both leave, and another Kirk materialises on the pad) Captain's Log, stardate 1672.1. Specimen-gathering  mission on planet Alpha 177. Unknown to any of us during this time, a  duplicate of me, some strange alter ego, had been created by the  transporter malfunction.  [Transporter room] It might profit you to let Doctor McCoy give you the once-over.  Transporter breakdown. Continue circuit testing. We beamed up  this animal and, well, look for yourself. It's in this specimen case.  (opens lid to reveal angry pink animal)  A few seconds after they sent this one up through the  transporter, that duplicate appeared. Except it's not a duplicate, it's  an opposite. Two of the same animal, but different. One gentle, this.  One mean and fierce, that. Some kind of savage, ferocious opposite.  Captain, we don't dare send Mister Sulu and the landing party up. If  this should happen to a man.  I don't know sir, but when Fisher came up, his suit was covered  with a soft yellow ore that had highly unusual properties. It may have  caused an overload. Can't tell, not yet.  Yes sir, but we don't dare bring up the landing party. It might  be duplicated like this animal.  Can't say, sir.  We're doing everything we can, sir.  I've found a new trouble with the  transporter. The casing has a wide gap ripped in it. (the phaser  damage) The main circuits  [Sickbay] We've found a way to get the transporter working, sir.  (opening box with angry animal in it) I'll grab him by the  scruff of the neck and hold him as long as I can.  If this doesn't work, I don't know what will. 
Increase power to shields.  (Another male in a purple jumpsuit appears in Engineering and  immobilises the crew there.)  Sound Red Alert.  Engineering, come in.  I've tied in all the lab computers. That will give it a bit more  power to push with. [Engineering] (Scott and Spock are in the upper gallery, while  Kirk is apparently talking to Tomar below in main engineering. There is  a rounded metal object on the console.)  This is it. Now all we have to do  Why?  That's it, then.  I see what you're getting at. I can't say I like it.  I have opened the control valves to the matter-anti-matter  nacelles. On your signal, I will flood them with positive energy.  And so will we.  Outside hull temperatures rising, sir. It's over two thousand  degrees now. Sir?  Several systems out, sir. Operating on emergency backup. None  affect flight procedure.  (whispering) Sir, why don't we try again to knock out the  paralysis projector? I know the casing looks impenetrable, but I may be  able to do something.  Then how will we stop the Kelvans?  I can think of one way right off. (goes over to Tomar) Lad,  you're going to need something to wash that down with. Have you ever  tried any Saurian brandy? [Sickbay] (McCoy is examining Hanar.)  Not of this.  I found this on Ganymood, er, Ganymede.  Well, it's, er. (peers at it, sniffs it) It's green. [Kelinda's quarters] (Kelinda is preening herself in front of a mirror  when Rojan walks in.)  All I have is a bottle of very, very, very old Scotch. Whisky!  I'll get it! (takes the helmet off a breastplate and reaches in,  removing a very dusty bottle.) I was saving you for  Never mind. Gie us your glass. [Rec room] We did it, you and me. Put him right under the table. (takes the  paralyser off Tomar's belt) I'll take this to the captain.  (He gets to the door, then stops and gently falls back against the  wall. He slides to the floor, as out of it as Tomar is.)  [Rec room] (Rojan breaks up the kissing session.) 
Can you read me, Captain?  I don't like it, sir. 
Aye, sir. Whatever your condition. 
He was here. (spots him behind a console) Doctor.  (sullenly) Aye, aye, sir. Mister Harper.  Captain, power shutdowns on deck four. Lights, environmental  control.  The power's gone off on deck five.  Captain, I've located the source of the power shutdowns. It's  the M-5 unit, sir. That thing's turning off systems all over the ship. [Engineering] Reverse thrusts will not engage, sir. Manual override isn't  working either.  Captain, I suggest we disconnect it at the source.  So now it has virtually unlimited power. Captain, what'll we do?    Aye. I can take them out and cut in the manual override from  there.  If Mister Spock helps me, maybe an hour.  Aye, that's got it, Mister Spock.  That's it, Mister Spock.  But it was active. I'd stake all that I know that it was.  System's coming back. I can give you power for the shields, sir.  [Bridge] That'll take longer.  Sir! [Bridge]
Still unable to analyze it, sir. It was so  powerful, it fused most of our recording circuits. Could have brought  him back through great distances, could have brought him back through  time. There's no way for us to know. 
Impossible, Doctor McCoy. My transporter was working perfectly.  And these, Captain? (the guns)  It's impossible! Things like this can't happen.  Absolutely. Half a gallon of scotch.  It just takes a bit of getting used to, Captain. Actually, a man  could grow quite fond of this stuff.  Aye. If we only had a phaser.  If we could only contact the Enterprise.  (showing his gun) We have these, Captain.  Aye. (leaves)  Captain, let me.  Captain, we can't just stand here and take it.  But they murdered Chekov! If you think I'm going to  Mister Spock, Chekov is dead! I say it now, and I can hardly  believe it. But you worked closely with him. That deserves some  memorial.  Would a volunteer solve the problem?  All right. On one condition. That I'm wide awake and with you at  five o'clock.  Aye. (has a slug of whiskey) It's to kill the pain.  Well, you should've warned me sooner, Mister Spock. Fire away.  (Spock pulls the thread on the can, and gas comes out. Scott stands  close to it. Then he picks it up so the gas obscures his face.)  Aye. Deeply.  I never felt better.  Good. If they want a fight, let's gie'em a fight. 
Engineering to Captain Kirk.  Captain, the matter-antimatter  Scott to Captain.  It's completely unusable.  Not without dilithium crystals. We can't even generate  enough power to fire our weapons.  Manoeuvre? Aye. We can wallow like a garbage scow against a  warp-driven starship. [Engineering] No, sir, not a chance.  Aye, that could blow us up just as  effectively as  Scott to Captain. [Engineering]
I can't give you warp nine much longer,  Mister Spock. These engines are beginning to show signs of stress. [Bridge] All right, but we're moving further into the danger range all  the time. [Bridge] The relays will reject the overload, Mister Spock!  All right, you lovelies. Hold together. Full  power, Mister Spock. [Bridge] That Vulcan won't be satisfied till these  panels are a puddle of lead.  My bairns. My poor bairns. [Lodge] (Kirk is dressed in decorated buckskins.)  Hanging here in space? Forever. [Spock's quarters]
Kirk, And we will stay right here until  he returns. And if you make any attempt to board or commandeer the  Enterprise, it will be blown to bits  along with as many of you as we can take with us.  It's the biggest guess I've ever made.  It's not working. 
Locked onto you, Captain. 
When did we change course?  What do you mean, we haven't changed course? Look at your bridge  control monitor.  Have you gone completely blind? That's not orbiting position.  What the devil do you think you're doing?  You blind fool! Can't you see in front of you? We're not in  orbit.  You are disobeying an order from the bridge. Now step aside.  Not yet.  (Scott throws the Engineer aside to get to the controls, but the other  one present grabs him. Finally the first man knocks Scott out.) [Kirk's quarters] I can't do that, sir.  These are very sensitive instruments. I will not have you upset  their delicate balance. We would all be lost, forever lost. (Spock sees  Don) Go away now. Go away or we'll kill you. 
Captain! [Cave entrance]
Montgomery Scott, Chief Engineer. Call me Scotty.  Aye, indeed. It's a rare privilege meeting one of the designers  of the Enterprise.  (Scott and Marvick leave.)  Larry, would you like to stop off at Engineering with me? I have  a few things to check and a bottle of scotch says you can't handle the  controls you designed.  Good night, gentlemen.  (Marvick and Scott leave.)  Ah, there, Marvick. So you couldn't resist a wee wager.  [Corridor] (Miranda comes out, holding a visor.)  The controls are all yours, and the bottle  of scotch'll be in your room this evening if you can handle 'em.  I don't know!  We need some repairs, sir, but the ship is intact. 
Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Come in, please.  Scott here, sir. [Bridge] With very high levels of cosmic rays  accompanying it.  An enormous one. [Bridge] Very well, sir. Scott out. 
Scott here, sir.  Aye, aye, Captain.  Bridge to transporter room.  You got that transporter working yet, Mister?  Scott here.  It's jamming our transporter  frequencies. I've only got three of them working, and I'm not sure of  those. One of you has got to wait.  I know you don't like to use the phasers, but you've got to  do something about that ship out there.  (McCoy enters.)  Spock, that hit from the Tholians has fused our power  supply converters. [Engineering] She's bound to drift, maybe right  through that doorway out there.  Mister Spock, we have a readout on the Tholian tractor  field. I think we can estimate its approximate completion time.  Scott to Captain.  Mister Spock. [Engineering] And then he just disappeared.  Aye, sir. Standing by. 
Enterprise. Scott here.  Scott here, Captain.  Aye, Captain.  But, Captain, what about Doctor McCoy? 
All others suspended in transit. Who are the guests, by the way?    Well, they're right in here.  Captain, we've not been able to get through to Starfleet  Command. All subspace frequencies have been blocked, and there's too  much radiation coming from that Klingon ship. It's a hazard to the  vicinity.  The controls have gone crazy. Something's  taken over. [Bridge] They've gone to warp nine, by themselves! [Bridge] The doors and bulkheads won't budge. We'll have to cut through. [Bridge] No, sir. She's a projectile at warp nine.  And don't ask me what's holding her together.  Scott here, sir. There's no use trying to free those men down  below. The phaser torches, they won't cut through the bulkheads, nor  the doors, nor the decks. There's something happened to the metal.  I'm there now, sir, and you never saw such a fine collection of  antiques in your life.  (We pull back to see racks of swords, billhooks, pikes.)  [Bridge] Aye, sir. (spots a special sword amongst the  ordinary ones.) A Claymore. You're a beauty. [Bridge] Any signs of those devils, Mister Sulu?  They've taken Engineering. I don't know how  many more of those Klingons are around, but we'll split up here and try  to make it back to the bridge.  Sir. Chekov was right, Captain.  We should have left those fuzz-faced goons in the transporter.  That's right where they belong!  Non-existence! Now they can study the Enterprise, add our  technology to theirs, change the balance of power. You've jeopardised  the Federation!  Keep your Vulcan hands off me. Just keep away! Your feelings  might be hurt, you green-blooded half-breed!  Then transfer out, freak!  But this is war.  Have we forgotten how to defend ourselves?  Without sensors? All our power down? This thing could go  anywhere.  But, Captain, I didn't do it. Everything just came on by itself.  [Engineering] The ship's dilithium crystals are  deteriorating. We can't stop the process. [Corridor] There's no change, Captain. The dilithium  crystals are discharging.  Aye. Now that's something the Klingons would understand.  It's the alien that's done this. We're in its power, our people  and yours.  I wouldn't trust her, Captain.  Even if it could work, she may be leading you into a trap.  We'll go with you.  But she can't guarantee that Kang will stop to listen, right,  Mister Spock? 
No discernible cause, and I've never  seen anything like it. There's [Bridge] If this keeps up, Captain, we can't  last!  Scott on the Enterprise. [Bridge] Aye, Captain.  No, sir. The orbit's locked tighter than ever. [Bridge]
They register something, sir, but I'm blessed if I can  figure out what it is.  I can't get a fix on it. Sensors don't pinpoint a location.  We may have a malfunction. I'm about to check circuits, sir. 
It's something I can't quite put into  words.  My assistant, Watkins, is dead.  Scotty here. I see it. [Engineering] It's completely useless. The engines  are running wild. There's no way to get at them. We should reach  maximum overload in about fifteen minutes. [Bridge] This thing is going to blow up [Engineering] Access to the flow itself. [Crawlway] Will not hold more than two seconds if  I rupture the field.  Mister Spock. 
We're holding them in the chamber for  decontamination.  Scott here, Captain.  No problem, sir. You'll have it.  Engine room.  Then we'll make it, sir, if all goes right.  Engineers, man your stations. Engine  rooms, report. Cycling station, report. This will be an emergency  restart of engines. 
Scott here.  On auxiliary, sir.  I'll be right up.  We're orbiting Ariannus, sir.  At once, sir. Scott out. 
You had us worried.  Aye, aye, sir.  Waiting for your order, Captain.  Still waiting, Captain.  Queen to queen's level three. Repeat. Queen to queen's  level three.  Give the countersign as ordered.  Security detail, standby to beam down.  (Spock reactivates the forcefield and turns into Garth.)  Aye, aye, sir. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Scott here.  Eight seven five.  Zero two zero. [Transporter room] Scott here, Mister Spock.  Same co-ordinates? 
Scott here.  Captain! Captain, the phaser shots, they're killing Mira!  Another shot and you'll kill her!  Scott here, sir.  Beautiful, Captain.  Positively, Captain. 
Ready to transport, Captain.  Enterprise, Captain.  Aye, sir.  (Kirk and Spock are beamed away)  Transporter room to Mister Spock.  I've locked into the co-ordinates of the Cloud City Council  Gallery. Ready to transport the High Advisor.  What's wrong?  Did you say the word immediately was an exact quote of the  captain's order?  Well, are we going to do anything about it?  I’ll give it further thought. [Council gallery] Scott here.  Locked in, sir.  Aye, sir. [Transporter room] Energising, sir. He's on his way to the captain.  The Advisor looked mighty angry. I hope he doesn't give the  captain too much trouble. 
They refuse, sir.  Engineering to Bridge.  Captain, I just had to give one of those barefooted what do  you call 'ems the boot out of here. She came in bold as brass, tried to  incite my crew to disaffect.  He痴 got everything channelled over. [Bridge] Enterprise here.  Three of them, sir. Expecting a fourth any minute. 
Aye, Captain, all phasers locked on.  Aye, Captain.  Aye, sir.  Aye, Captain.  Mister Scott, sir. There’s no record of a Rayna Kapec in  Federation legal banks. 
Scott to Engineering. Report,  Lieutenant.  We're on emergency battery power only. 
Scott here, Captain.  Seventeen minutes. You three had better come back right  away.  I knew there was trouble. I've got a landing party standing  by.  What's happening? Why are you waiting?  Aye, Captain.  You've got to come aboard now. [Ice Age] Orders or no, I'm beaming you up first.  Now or never, Captain. 
Mister Scott, sir.  Then's the time we move against him. We’ll have to take  over the ship.  Aye. Are you ready for the vote? 
We now have aboard debris from Outpost four, Captain.  We've only the forward phaser room, Captain.  Yes, sir. But Specialist Tomlinson is manning it alone. No  standby crew available. 
What a mess.  You don't really expect to get an answer, do you?  Logical.  Very bad, Mister Spock.  We've lost a great deal of fuel. We have no chance at all to  reach escape velocity. And if we ever hope to make orbit, we'll have to  lighten our load by at least five hundred pounds.  Aye, you could put it that way.  It's too delicate. It may not be able to take the pressure as it  is.  If you'll give me a hand with this conduit.  (Boma closes the door and leaves them to it)  (later)  Pressure's dropping. We're losing everything.  One of the lines gave. The strain of coming through the  atmosphere and the added load when we tried to bypass. Yes, that's done  it.  We have no fuel.  We have no fuel! What alternatives?  It's dangerous, but it might work.  I can adjust the main reactor to function with a substitute fuel  supply.  Aye, we do. Our phasers. I can adapt them and use their energy.  It'll take time, but it's possible.  Aye.  If I can get a full load, we should be able to achieve orbit  with all hands. Not that we can maintain it long.  Aye, aye, sir. [Transporter room] (A bunch of boxes is beamed aboard)  Another hour, maybe two.  Doctor, a phaser can only drain so fast.  You've got your hands full. Captain's Log, stardate 2823.1. Our landing parties  are on the surface of Taurus Two. We continue to hope. Instruments are  slowly returning to an operable condition as the ion storm slowly  disperses. On the ship, we can only wait helplessly. [Bridge] They're in good shape, but they won't lift us off, if that's  what you're getting at.  That they will, Mister Spock!  (He dashes to the rear compartment and puts on big rubber gloves)  Ready, Mister Spock.  I daren't use any more. Not and be sure of ignition.  Aye.  That's enough!  That's it.  If we shed every ounce, we might be able to achieve orbit.  A few hours, no longer. But if we time it right, we can cut out  of orbit and save enough fuel for a controlled re=entry.  We have very few alternatives, Mister Spock.  Maybe eight minutes if the weight's right.  (McCoy appears from the aft compartment)  Aye, aye, sir.  We should be moving, but we're not.  What are you doing?  We'll never be able to hold orbit.  No, Mister Spock.  (They swap seats)  Fifteen pounds psi. Approximately enough for one orbit, sir.  Tapping our boosters ended our last chance for a soft landing.  Mister Spock, you said a while ago that there were always  alternatives.  Orbit attitude, Mister Spock. With our present fuel, that gives  us about forty five minutes.  Mister Spock!  (There's a jolt as two long plumes of flame streak out from the  nacelles)  He jettisoned the fuel and ignited it.  The orbit'll start decaying as soon as the fuel's exhausted. Say  six minutes. [Bridge] (The air is full of pointless status reports over  the comm. when suddenly)  A distress signal? It's like sending up a  flare. Mister Spock, that was a good gamble. Perhaps it was worth it.  Orbit decaying, Mister Spock. Ten seconds to atmosphere. 
All right, Captain. Locked on to you. 
We've searched again from stem to stern. If they're not down on  that planet, they're nowhere.  Request assignment to the search party, sir.  Ready, Mister Spock.  Aye, it's there, Mister Spock. Peaceful as  Earth, but how do you explain it?  Aye, it could, but it couldn't move around much.  If we find any, it doesn't follow that it would be our people.  Shooting in the dark, Mister Spock?  Aye aye, sir.  Full power, sir. 
We'll either catch them or blow up, Captain. They may be faster  than we are.  We're dead, Captain. Locked up. Frozen tight. All propulsion  systems read zero.  KIRK; Life systems?  They're all normal, sir. Atmosphere, heat, light. No variance.  I don't know, sir, but whatever it is, we canna move.  Aye, sir. It does no good.  I tried that, sir. Nothing. 
Materialiser ready, sir.  Yes, sir. It's begun transmitting, sir.  Engineering division ready, as always.  About an hour ago, the Bridge controls started going crazy.  Levers shifting by themselves, buttons being pushed, instrument  readings changing.  (having put new panel in a bridge station)  It fits like a glove, Captain.  [Delta Vega Control room] Oh, did Mister Spock get the phaser  rifle we sent down?  You're a talented thief, Kelso. Everything you sent up  seems to be fitting in place. 
Tractor beam on, sir. We have the target.  (The bright light of the tractor beam forces Captain Christopher to  lower his visor)  Engine room to Captain Kirk.  Progress report, sir. Everything's jury-rigged, but we're coming  along with the repairs. We could re-energise in about four hours, but [Captain's quarters] Well sir, as I say, the engines are being  repaired, but we've no place to go in this time. If you, if you see  what I mean? [Captain's quarters] Sir?  Engine room to Mister Spock.  We've completed re-energising the warp engines, sir. We can  re-fire them anytime.  Aye, sir. Engine room out.  Oh, we'll do that all right, Captain. We'll not be getting so  close that my engines couldn't pull us out. What I am worried about,  sir, that we may not have much control when we're thrown forward again.    Braking control, sir. If I can't stop us soon enough, we may  overshoot our time, and if I stop the engines suddenly the strain may  tear us apart. Anyway we do it, it's a mighty rough ride.  Pulling away from the sun weakened them,  sir. They may blow apart if I reverse. [Bridge] Aye, sir. [Bridge] Engine room to Bridge. Engines are on full  reverse. They're buckling! Bridge! [Bridge] (Things return to normal) 
Doctor McCoy, transporter room. Quickly.  Captain, we're under attack. There are heat  beams of some kind coming up from the planet surface.  Our shields are holding, but they're taking all our power. [Chamber] If we try to warp out or move on  impulse, we'll lose our shields and burn up like a cinder.  Checking. We're going down, Captain. Unless  we can get those beams off us so we can use our engines, we're due to  hit atmosphere in less than twelve hours. [Chamber] Impossible to break away. I've tried the emergency bypass  circuits but they haven't been effective.  (The conversation ends in a crackle of static.)  Mister Spock, I've been trying to reach you.  [Prison] The orbit's still decaying. I give it six  hours, more or less. [Prison] Those heat beams are still on us.  You've got to cut them off, Mister Spock, or we'll cook.  He's peaceful enough, but he worries me.  On Sulu? [Prison] Captain, are you all right? [Hall of Audiences] The heat rays are gone, Captain, and Mister  Sulu's back to normal. 
Yes, sir.  Aye, aye, sir. And have a bonny trip.  Scott here, Captain.  Of course, sir. As per orders.  Nothing, sir. All quiet.  Aye, Doctor, that we should, but we haven't, and we cannot raise  them. You know, if there'd been trouble, they should have at least  managed to get word back to us.  What would you suggest?  Would you have me open fire?  Scott here, Captain.  Mister Fox'll be glad to hear about that.  Er, Captain? [War Room] (It sounds like Kirk but it isn't.)  All personnel?  Aye, aye, Captain. We'll start forming shore  parties immediately. Scott out. Well now, what do you think of that?  Well, I do. Computer, last message received and recorded from  Captain Kirk.  Run it through analyser. Question. Is it or is it not the  Captain's voice?  A voice duplicator?  Well, they've got them, Doctor, and now they're trying to get  us. [Room] Yes, Mister DePaul?  Well, now. They're taking pot shots at us. Holding, Mister  DePaul?  Aye, but what about our Captain and the landing party down there  somewhere?  If they're alive, and if we can find them. That's a big planet.  We can't fire full phasers with our screens up, and We can't  lower our screens with their disruptors on us. Of course I could treat  them to a few dozen photon torpedoes.  Mister Fox, we're under attack. They're trying to knock us down.    Of course, but  I'm responsible for the safety of this ship.  But they're the ones who're looking for a fight, Mister Fox.  Diplomats. The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser  bank. [Room] Maintain status, Mister DePaul.  No, sir, I will not.  I'll not lower the screens, not until the Captain tells me to.  I know about your authority, but the screens stay up.  No, sir. I won't lower the screens.  That you can, sir, but I won't lower the screens.  Aye. The haggis is in the fire for sure, but I'll not lower my  defences on the word of that mealy-mouthed gentleman down below. Not  until I know what happened to the Captain. [Anan's room] (Kirk enters, quietly, but Anan knows he is there  without turning around.)  Scotty here, Mister Spock. Go ahead. [Room] We've been through a bit, but we're all right now. How  about the Captain and you?  That ties it. That popinjay Fox went down a  couple minutes ago. [Room] I knew it had a rotten ring to it. [Room] This is the USS Enterprise.  Open a channel, Lieutenant. This is the  commander of the USS Enterprise. [Council Room] All cities and installations on Eminiar  Seven have been located, identified, and fed into our fire-control  system. In one hour and forty five minutes [Bridge] The entire inhabited surface of your planet  will be destroyed. [Council Room] You have that long to surrender your  hostages.  Aye, Captain, are you all right?  Aye, aye, Captain. Is there anything else we can do?  Scott here, Captain.  Space details set, Captain. 
Well, it looks like that ship was expecting  us. We read heat coming on, complete oxygen atmosphere.  Definitely Earth-type mechanism, sir. Twentieth century vessel.  Old type atomic power. Bulky, solid. I think they used to call them  transistor units. I'd love to tear this baby apart.  Beats me what's happening.  This one was probably programmed to be triggered first.  There's no change, and they're mixed types. Western,  mid-European, Latin, Oriental.  Probably some dust.  It'd take an hour to figure it out.  Scott here.  Negative, Captain. It appears they were in  suspended animation when the ship took off. Twelve units have malfunctioned, leaving seventy two still  operating. Thirty of those are women.  I must confess, gentlemen. I've always held a sneaking  admiration for this one.  There were no massacres under his rule.  Captain!  (He gets knocked out) [Bridge] Where is Captain Kirk?  I don't know. He got out just as the gas  This is Scott. Captain's headed for the Engineering  section. I'll follow in case  It's a shame for a good Scotsman to admit it, but I'm not up on  Milton. 
A PXK pergium reactor? No, sir. We don't  have any spare circulating pump for a thing like that. I haven't seen a  PXK in twenty years. [Reactor room] Well sir, I can put together some odds and  ends, but it won't hold for long. [Reactor room] Forty eight hours maybe, with a bit of luck.  Aye, Captain. [Reactor room] I'll be right down. Scott out.  Well sir, it's a plumber's nightmare, but it'll hold for a bit.  Sorry, sir. That's about the best I can do, but I guarantee it's  not good enough.  I'll do what I can, sir. [Vanderberg's office] (Six red-shirted men are lined up.)  Scotty here, Captain. My brilliant improvisation Just gave  up the ghost. It couldn't stand the strain.  Negative, Captain. It's gone for good. [Main tunnel] The reactor will go super-critical in about  ten hours, Sir. You have that long to find the mechanism. [Main tunnel]
Control circuits threatening to overload, Captain.  Switching to manual, Captain. Do we maintain this orbit?  (at the helm) We're guiding around most of the time ripples now.    Doctor McCoy!  Nothing wrong with the communicator, sir.  You mean we're stranded down here?  Then even finding McCoy would be a miracle.  Aye.  Good luck, gentlemen.  What happened, sir? You only left a moment ago.  (McCoy returns.) 
Out of range, sir.  Captain, we'll get too close to the sun.  Aye, they make regular trips from here carrying supplies to the  asteroid belt for the miners and bringing cargo out. I've made the run  a couple of times myself as an engineering advisor.  None, sir. Just that noise we heard.  Mister Spock, I thought you were still  confined to Sickbay.  Here, now. Where do you think you're going?  Not likely, Mister Spock.  Aye, sir, and I'm sorry I have to disobey it. The Captain said  no one was to transport down. Mister Spock.  (Spock pushes Scott aside and neck-pinches his assistant. But Scott has  a phaser in his hand when he gets up again.)  Freeze right there, Mister Spock, or I'll put you to sleep for  sure. This is Mister Scott in the transporter room. Get me the Captain.    (Soon after, Kirk enters with an entourage, and the other man is  rubbing his shoulder.)  He said he was transporting down to the surface, sir. Your  orders were that no one was to beam down unless you authorised it. And  knowing Mister Spock's determination on some things, I thought I'd  better hold him here until I got your orders.  Scanners ready, sir.  KIRK; Very well. Ready, Helm?  All satellites operative, Captain.  (Down on the planet, gel-creatures are dropping to the ground and  dissolving.) 
Motive power? Beats me what makes it go.  I'd sell it if I had any. That's a solid cube. How something  like that can sense us coming, block us, move when we move, well it  beats me. That's my report.  You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mister Sulu.  Then may heaven have helped your mother.  Engines need work badly, Captain. Can you hold it here a few  hours?  Aye, sir. (leaves)  Well, yes, sir, but it's risky. We're locked on what appears to  be a main deck.  Breathable. In fact, a slightly higher oxygen content than our  own. Communicator, phaser weapon.  Bend low, gentlemen. It reads pretty cramped over there. Ready  to transport. 
Everything's vanished. 
Thank you, Lieutenant.  All scanners, spherical sweep. Range, maximum. They'll have to  pick it up.  There'd still be traces of residual matter floating around,  Lieutenant.  Lay on that course. Maintain scanning.  Steady as she goes, Mister Sulu.  The shuttlecraft was on schedule until it was shy five hours of  rendezvous. Then something happened.  It didn't wreck. There was no debris. There's no trace of  expelled internal atmosphere, no residual radioactivity. Ah, it's.  Something took over. Tractor beams maybe. Something. They dragged it  away on the heading we're now on.  We stay on this course, see what comes up.  Aye. [Cochrane's home] (Spock is working on the Universal Translator. It  is basically a metal tube nearly a foot long, that can be held in the  hand.)  Atmosphere count?  All right, then. We'll do it the hard way. All sensors set for  life form registration. Automatic selection.  That's right, Lieutenant. Thousands. And we'll look them over  one by one. [Outside Cochrane's home] (Another contact session is in progress.)  Put him on. Lock on to his co-ordinates. Captain, this is  Scotty. Are you all right? [Outside Cochrane's home] The helm is computing your position now,  Captain.  We'll be there in 57 minutes, sir. [Outside Cochrane's home] What happened, Captain? [Outside Cochrane's home] We're locked in, Captain. Standard orbit  established. Shuttlecraft bay standing by to receive you. [Outside Cochrane's home]
How long were you stationed on the planet, Doctor?  Aye, sir. We'll keep on our toes.  [Settlement] (Kirk, Spock, McCoy and one security guard beam  down.)  Well, let's put it on the screen.  (A small dot on the monitor above the science station.)  Who else would be playing cat and mouse with a starship? Well,  they can't hurt us much out there, bobbing about like that. No need to  call the captain yet. [Tent] Put a booster on it, Lieutenant. Try to pull it in.  Dierdre? That's a freighter.  Helm?  Try the captain.  Prepare to take us out of orbit, Mister Sulu.  We have a distress call from a Federation ship under attack.  That's where our duty lies. Take us out of orbit, Mister Sulu. Ahead  warp five.  Captain's log, stardate 3498.9. Lieutenant  Commander Scott in temporary command. [Bridge] We were forced to leave Capella to aid a  Federation vessel under attack by a Klingon vessel. We were unable to  contact our landing party before we were forced to answer the distress  signal. Our inability to reach the landing party is strange and I am  concerned.  [Tent] (Eleen is with the three men, and the guards are  now inside the doorway.)  Sensor report, Mister Chekov.  Mister Sulu, begin a standard search pattern. All scanners full  intensity, Mister Chekov. (to Uhura) No signal at all?  I'm well aware of a freighter's maximum speed, Mister Sulu.  Captain's log, stardate 3499.1. Before leaving the  Capellan encampment, we managed to retrieve our communicators. Our  phasers were not to be found. We've fled into the hills, yet we know  the Capellans will eventually find us by scent alone, if necessary. And  we've learned one thing more. The girl, Eleen, hates the unborn child  she is carrying.  [Hillside] (It is, of course, a place with plenty of rocks and  cliff faces.)  A vessel doesn't just disappear.  Mister Chekov?  Mister Chekov, pull the microtape on that distress call. I want  it replayed.  Did you hear it? They called us by name. Not a general distress  signal, but one aimed right at us.  How would a freighter know we were ordered into this sector?  We'll stay long enough to make certain. Continue search pattern.    Mister Chekov?  We're turning back. Warp five, Helm.  Warp 6 as soon as she'll take it, Mister Sulu. The captain could  be in trouble back there.  Ignore it.  Ignore it, Lieutenant. Log it as my order, my responsibility.  There's an old, old saying on Earth, Mister Sulu. Fool me once,  shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.  Estimating to planet?  Sub-light one half.  Mister Sulu, sound battle stations.  Drawing a line, daring us to step over it.  This is the commander of the USS Enterprise. Identify yourself  and your intention. Acknowledge. Close out the frequency, Lieutenant.  And we'll go right down their throat, if necessary. Let's see if  they have the belly for it. [Hillside] (Kirk and Spock are lying in wait for the  Capellans, who are travelling single file. Maab stops the column and  sends a scout ahead.)  Hold it there. Drop your weapons.  (McCoy arrives carrying the baby, and Eleen goes to him.)  Well sir, we had a wee bit of a run-in with a Klingon vessel,  but he had no stomach for fighting. We checked the encampment, found  out you were here, and had no trouble at all in tracking you down. I  could  (He is interrupted by the baby crying.)  What's that again, Mister Spock? 
Well in that case, there's nothing like a wee bit of coffee to  get you back in shape. Join me, Carolyn?  Gentlemen. Come along, my dear.  Come along.  (He and Carolyn enter the turbolift.)  External pressure building up, Captain. Eight hundred GSC and  climbing.  One thousand GSC and climbing. (The crew react to increasing air  pressure) Becoming critical, Captain. We can't handle it.  Pressure is gone, Captain. Space normal on hull.  Power is what he controls. You can't do tricks like that without  energy.  I would like to point out that we are quite capable of some  wrath ourselves.  Leave her alone.  And so do you.  (Scott draws his phaser and Apollo blasts it out of his hand with a  point of his finger. Chekov finds his phaser doesn't work.)  She's not going with you.  (Scott gets thrown over a table with a flick of the wrist.)  I am tingling all over. Did he take her with him?  Captain, we've got to stop him. He wants her. The way he looks  at her.  I'm able, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  Aye.  (leaves)    Unquestionably, an immensely powerful field of energy is being  generated around here somewhere. We're just having difficulty focusing  on it.  You bloodthirsty Saracen, what have you done with her?  (Scott picks up a statuette and rushes at Apollo. He gets another  finger blast of electricity for his effort.)  I can't get my arm to move.  Captain, we've got to do something!  Carolyn. What's happened to her?  Captain, we've got to wait until Carolyn comes back before we  fire on the temple. We don't know what would happen to her if he was  suddenly attacked. She might get killed.  Captain, we've got to go and find her!  But what if he doesn't. What if he  Captain! 
The whole communication system looks to be shorted out, too,  sir.  Come along, lads.  (They head down a ladder while McCoy and Kirk walk off.) [Constellation Engineering] I don't know, lad. But I want a full structural and control  damage check, and I'm going to have a look at those engines. [Constellation Room] Captain, I've checked the engines. The warp drive is a hopeless  pile of junk. The impulse engines are not too badly off. We ought to be  able to do something with them.  Exhausted. They didn't give up without a battle.  Computer system is still intact. We can playback the duplicate  Captain's Log from the auxiliary control room.  (They head off, then Kirk spots a man at a desk in a room.) [Constellation Auxiliary Control] (The man is conscious but dazed, stunned.)  Ready with the duplicate log, sir.  Captain, Washburn has our report.  Aye, that all adds up. But what sort of a thing could do all  that?  And paralysed. No power.  I can't repair warp drive without a spacedock.  Aye, the impulse engines are still in fair shape. I might coax  them.  Come on, lad.  Captain, the impulse engines' control  circuits are fused solid.  Aye, we can cross-connect the controls, but it'll make the ship  almost impossible for one man to handle. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Aye, sir. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Controls are all hooked up, sir. We should  have some power for you soon. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Coming, sir. If I push these impulse engines  too hard in the condition they're in, they'll blow apart. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Aye, sir. [Bridge] (Another blast from the machine.)  SPOCK; Sir, deflector shields are gone.  You've got it, Captain. Just enough to move  us. I can't do better. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Captain, I still don't know what we're  doing. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Phasers? You've got 'em. I have one bank  recharged. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Captain Kirk.  I've hooked in ship's communication. The  best I can give you on impulse is one third power. The shields are up  but they won't last long. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Here, sir. The damage control party just  beamed back to the Enterprise. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Aye. The shape the thing's in, it's hard to  keep her from blowing. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] KIRK I want you to rig a thirty second delay  detonation device, and rig it so that it can be blown from up here. [Constellation Engineering] Aye, sir. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Right away.  A cranky transporter's a mighty finicky piece of machinery to be  gambling your life on, sir.  I've linked it in with the impulse control system. (flips a  switch) It's armed now. Press this one.  Thirty seconds later, poof! Once it's activated, there's no way to stop  it.  Good luck, Captain.  What's the matter with that thing?  It'll never work like this. It's the main junction circuitry.  I'll get it.  Bridge, transporter operational, but this jury-rigging won't  last for long. He's got to come off now. [Bridge] I'll stand by here.  Och, what's wrong with it? [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Try her now, Mister Kyle. 
Captain, I think I'm going to like Argelius.  You mean to tell me all these women, that all this is  Aye. Why shouldn't I?  Now that's what I call a real Captain. Always thinking of his  men.  (The dancer comes over, bends over backwards then does a shimmy before  returning to the small stage to finish. Scotty bangs on the table in  applause.)  Now no one has to tell an old Aberdeen pub-crawler how to  applaud, Captain.  (She comes over, but the man at the next table doesn't look too pleased  with the situation.)  'Tis a fine foggy night tonight, and I doubt if anyone's ever  told you of the marvellous fogs we have in Aberdeen.  Well then, why don't I show you? There's nothing like a walk in  the fog with a bonny lass.  You don't mind, do you? I might even get back to the ship on  time.  I, I don't remember.  We were walking in the fog. I was up ahead trying to lead the  way. I heard the girl scream. I remember starting to turn.  I don't remember another thing.  I certainly hope so, sir. I can't stand this not knowing.  (leaves)  Lieutenant? Captain? Where's  Dead? But I  I was sitting there. She was taking her readings, and now I'm  sitting here.  I tell you, I don't remember. I must have passed out.  Captain, I've been trying. I can't even believe this is really  happening.  Captain, you mean my neck is going to have to depend on some  spooky mumbo jumbo?  (Kirk's communicator beeps.)  No, Captain.  KIRK Scotty, I'm sorry. You don't even remember whether you did it or  not.  Sir, I swear to you I did not kill your wife or the other  ladies.  Aye.  Aye. I understand.  Captain's log, stardate 3615.4. With Mister Scott  in a technical state of arrest, we have beamed aboard the Enterprise to  continue the investigation.  [Briefing room] I'm not lying, Captain. I don't remember a thing about the first  two murders.  Captain? I didn't black out when Mister Jaris' wife was killed.  We were holding hands. When the lights went out, the circle was  broken. I heard the poor lady scream, and as I was near the head of the  table anyway I went toward her. But there was something in my way.  No, Captain, some thing. Cold, it was, like a stinking draught  out of a slaughterhouse, but it wasn't really there. Like it. (lost for  words) If you know what I mean.  No, Captain. That I'm sure of.  Twenty two sir.  Morla on the one side and you on the other, sir.  I don't remember.  I don't remember.  Captain!  (The viewscreen has an image of hot swirling flames or lava. Anyway, it  is fear-inducing.)  Well, sir?  What did you do with that thing, Captain? Did you send it back  to the planet?  Why not? For a while there I didn't know whether I was innocent  or guilty.  Let's go see! 
Giving them all we got.  Shields still holding, sir.  I'm having to divert the warp engine power into the shields,  sir, if you want the protection.  Shields still holding, sir, but the drain on the engines is  reaching the critical point.  Ach, we lost warp manoeuvreing power. Switching to impulse.  That's problematical, sir.  (It hits.)  What kind of intelligent creatures can exist in a thing that  small?  Captain, you're not really bringing that thing in here?  Energising.  (What looks like a satellite - antenna at the top, engine at the bottom  and flashing lights on the side - is hanging in mid air over the  transporter pad.)  In my opinion, that's a machine.  What's your source of power?  Aye, sir.  (whispering) Bridge to Captain.  That mechanical beastie is up here. [Briefing room] Lieutenant! Keep away from that  What are the lot of you staring at me for?  How did I get here? How did I (sees Nomad)  That thing did something to Lieutenant Uhura!  What did it do to me?  Notify the captain. What are you doing here? Watch your panels,  everyone. Watch that polymass. Roger, help with the interfactor. Leave  that alone.  Aye.  How are you doing that?  Throw your dampers.  Cut your circuits, all of them.  Impossible. It can't go that fast.  Aye, sir.  (Spock enters, leaving two guards outside.)  Bridge to Captain.  Life support systems are out all over the ship. [Bridge] Manual override has been blocked. Source,  Engineering. [Sickbay] Aye, sir.  Energising.  (They observe the satisfying explosion on a monitor.) [Bridge]
Aye, Captain. It's a shame about Hendorff. [Planet surface] We seem to have a problem here, too.  We're losing potency in our antimatter pods.  I don't think it's serious, but we're looking into it. [Planet surface] I'm not sure, sir, but we've run measurements on the  electromagnetic field of the planet, and they are a wee bit abnormal.  That might have something to do with it.  Well, sir, I didn't exactly say that. [Planet surface] I hear it's nice down there. [Planet surface] I could do with a nice walk in a garden with  green leaves and grass. [Planet surface] Scott, sir. Our antimatter pods are completely inert. [Bridge] I couldn't stop it, but I know why. [Planet surface] Something from the surface. It's like a pail  of water on a fire. A beam, maybe, or a transmission. And it's still  on. I'm having it analysed, but it's like nothing I've seen before. [Planet surface] And it's pinpointed in the area of that  village we located down there.  There's nothing you can do about it, sir. [Planet surface] There doesn't seem to be any immediate  danger.  Scott here, sir.  Aye, aye, sir. Transporter room, stand by to  beam up landing party. [Planet surface] Standing by, sir. [Planet surface] Energise. [Planet surface] (Three times the landing party start to  dematerialise, and each time they fail to vanish.)  We can't make transporter contact, sir. The  entire system's inhibited. The way it is now, we couldn't beam up a  fly.  Captain's log, supplementary, Our investigation of  Gamma Trianguli Six has suddenly turned into a nightmare. We're being  watched and followed, Mister Spock has been injured, and now we find we  are unable to return to the ship.  [Planet surface] I don't know, sir. I'll check it and get back with you. Scott  out.  (Spock starts to sit up.)  Enterprise to Captain Kirk. [Planet surface] Condition red. Condition red. Captain,  something has grabbed us from the planet surface [Planet surface] Like a giant tractor beam, and we can't  break loose. [Bridge] Aye, sir. All we have is impulse power. [Planet surface] They're all on, Captain.  Kyle?  Computer banks, Kyle. Feed in a rate, get me a figure. We might  be able to pull out with warp drive, but without it [Planet surface] We're like a fly on fly paper. Even  worse [Bridge] We're starting to lose ground. Hurry up on  that figure, Kyle.  [Planet surface] I've done that, Captain. They haven't been  able to do a thing. (Kyle hands him a PADD) It's no good, Captain. With  maximum thrust against the pull [Planet surface] We'll only be able to maintain full  power for sixteen hours, then we burn up for sure.  I'll do everything there is to do, sir. Scott out. [Planet surface] Scott here.  No change, Captain. The orbit is decaying  along computed lines. No success with the warp drive. We're going down  and we can't stop it. [Hut] Sir, we're doing everything within  engineering reason. [Hut] Sir, I'm going to switch over everything but  the life-support systems and boost the impulse power, but that's just  about as dangerous. [Hut] Scotty, sir. We have a reading on the power  source Mister Spock requested. When we first monitored, it was  generating alternating cycles totalling one hundred to the twentieth  power Waltham units. [Vaal] No, sir. Power's dropping bit by bit.  Nominal, but a definite drain. [Vaal] We're putting everything but the kitchen  sink into impulse power, sir. It will take us another eight hours to  complete the work. [Vaal] Aye, but if we don't break out, I'd rather  we didn't have to wait too long for the end of it. [Vaal] Here, sir.  Almost ready, sir. We need half an hour yet.  [Hut] I know that. As you said, that's cutting  things fine. [Hut] We're ready here, sir. All available power  has been channelled into the impulse engines. We have twelve minutes  before entering atmosphere. [Village] Full reverse, Mister Kyle, all engines.  Captain, we're doing it. We're pulling away! [Village] Captain, we've pulled away a little. We  gained maybe an hour, but we blew almost every system in the ship doing  it. [Bridge] There's nothing left to try again. I guess  you'll have to fire me, sir. [Village] Aye, but what  Aye, sir, but they won't penetrate that  force field. [Vaal] Scott here, sir. [Vaal] Mister Kyle, all phasers commence firing. [Vaal] (Two red beams hit the edge of the force field and  start turning it green.)  Tractor beam gone. Potency returning to  antimatter pods. [Vaal] I'll have all engineering sections  working on the circuits immediately. Transporter'll be ready in an  hour. 
Captain, what is all this?  Aye.  I did.  Captain, the transporter chief mentioned a surge of power. The  transporter lock might have been affected by the ion storm and we just  materialised somewhere else.  Aye, sir.  Aye, sir.  (Scott leaves)  I've been ordered to check phaser couplings for possible damage  by the storm.  Captain's orders.  Never mind. I'll attend to it.  (He goes to an intercom.) [Bridge] Phaser report, sir. No damage. [Bridge] Mister Sulu is Security Chief, like the ancient Gestapo.  Mostly variations in instrumentation. Nothing I can't handle.  Everything's exactly where it should be, except us.  Not by myself. I'll need help. And you'd be too conspicuous.  Now you're an engineer. I'll have to tap the power we need from  the warp engines and balance it for the four of us.  Captain? We can do it.  We have to lay in the automatic transporter setting, but when we  interrupt engine circuits to tie the power increase into the  transporter, it'll show up on Sulu's security board. Of course, we'll  only need a second.  Scotty here, sir. [Kirk's quarters] We've got another deadline, too, sir.  The two-way matter transmission affected the local field density  between the universes, and it's increasing. We've got to move fast. [Kirk's quarters] Half hour at the most. [Kirk's quarters] We couldn't get out of here in a century. We're ready to  bridge power from the engines to the transporter. [Engineering] You've got to get down there and free the  board so we can lock in. Give me about ten minutes. [Kirk's quarters] I've got to complete a few more  computations.  Aye, sir. [Spock's quarters] Hardly fifteen minutes, sir. The field density between the two  universes is starting to close very fast.  All laid in, sir. Come on, McCoy! We're taking a chance of not  getting back home.  Fourteen minutes. We've got to go!  Captain, we've barely got ten minutes.  It's working, sir.  Five minutes, sir.  The power's cut, sir. They're on to us.  Aye, it's available.  I can get us the power, but the automatic setting is linked to  the transporter main. If we bypass, that means that someone has got to  operate the controls manually.  I'll stay, Captain.  Jim.  Aye, Captain.  Captain, get in the chamber! 
If it is, he'll soon overload his engines.  Captain, if we try, we'll overload our own engines. He's too far  away.  Aye, sir. (they leave)  They're not answering our signal. There's nothing to lock  onto.  SULU (lights go out again) Another circuit, sir.  We're locked onto something, Captain.  Your vessel's breaking up, man. If we don't get them over here  right now  Only one, sir, but we've locked onto three more.  [Transporter room] I don't know, sir. With those three lithium crystals gone  Not yet, sir, but we've hooked onto something. (three women beam  in, the men are transfixed)  Oh, er, four in all, sir.  We've got trouble, Mister Spock.  One lithium crystal left, and that with a hairline split at the  base.  Can't. We blew the whole converter assembly.  We burned them all out when we super-heated. That jackass Walsh  not only wrecked his vessel, but in saving his skin  But it's frustrating. Almost a million gross tons of vessel  depending on a hunk of crystal the size of my fist.  Our last crystal, sir. It's gone.  It'll get us to Rigel 12, sir, but it'll be a shaky orbit.  I'll get you there.  Captain, this is draining our batteries further. If we only had  those crystals.  About five hours, sir.  Captain's log. Have expended all but forty three  minutes of power. Ship's condition, critical. Search now in progress  seven hours, thirty one minutes. Magnetic storms are easing.  [Bridge]
Doctor McCoy, this is Scott. May I come  see you?  Captain, can I go back to my station?  Of course I do. I just need a wee bit of rest, that's all.  (He leaves, with Spock giving him a hand.) 
Here, you're not allowed  (He is pushed against the wall and knocked out briefly. Norman fights  everyone that comes at him.)  Captain, he's here. [Bridge] Let go of me! Now what are you doing? What kind of a woman  Harry Mudd! Oh, you bogus frat, you. You're the cause of all  this, are you?  Aye, sir. And I stayed until that female gargantua threw me into  the transporter beams.  Absolutely fantastic. Hand-worked to the finest tolerances,  microvision, and a nanopulse laser. I've never seen the like before.  Captain, you should see this shop! Why, they have facilities  we've never even thought of.  What did they offer you, Uhura?  Well, Captain, androids and robots, they're just not capable of  independent, creative thought.  How does it look?  (in a monotone) Food and drink and happiness mean nothing to us.  We must be about our job.  Dying and crying and lamenting over our burdens.  (clutching at his heart and crying out in anguish) I canna go  on! I'm tired of happiness. I'm tired of comfort and pleasure. I'm  ready! Kill me! Kill me!  (They point their fingers at him and whistle. Scott slumps to his  knees.)  Goodbye, cruel universe.  Explosive! (gets up again) 
Aye.  I am relaxing.  (There is a crowd at a long table, and there are purring sounds.)  I'll tell them before they go, sir.  Why, no, sir.  But, Captain. Aye, sir.  Uh, no, thanks.  When are you going to get off that milk diet, lad?  Where I come from, that's soda pop. This is a drink for a man.  Aye.  Easy, lad. You ought to be more forgiving.  Take it easy, lad. Everybody's entitled to an opinion.  Don't do it, mister, and that's an order.  Forget it. It's not worth fighting for. We're big enough to take  a few insults. Now, drink your drink.  (swaps Chekov's vodka for Freeman's red wine.)  Laddie, don't you think you should rephrase that?  Aye, Captain.  Um.  I did, Captain.  They insulted us, sir.  Aye, it was.  Aye. Chekov wanted to, but I held him back.  Well, the Klingon, sir. Is this off the record?  Well, Captain, the Klingons called you, uh a tin-plated,  overbearing, swaggering dictator with delusions of godhood.  No, sir. They also compared you with a Denebian slime devil.  And then they said you  Yes, sir.  No, sir.  No, I didn't. You told us to avoid trouble.  And I didn't see that it was worth fighting about. After all,  we're big enough to take a few insults. Aren't we?  They called the Enterprise a garbage scow, sir.  Yes, sir.  Well, sir, this was a matter of pride.  (big grin) Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. That'll give me a chance to  catch up on my technical journals.  [Sickbay] (There are a lot more than eleven tribbles now.)  They're into the machinery, all right, and they're probably in  all the other food processors too.  Probably through one of the air vents.  Oh, er, Captain, it was really Mister Spock's recommendation.  I used the transporter, Captain.  Aye.  Captain Kirk, that'd be inhuman.  I gave them a good home, sir.  I gave them to the Klingons, sir.  Aye, sir. Before they went into warp, I transported the whole  kit and caboodle into their engine room, where they'll be no tribble at  all. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Scott here, Captain.  Scanning, sir.  Twelve, Captain.  Bridge. Scott here.  (Armed guards enter.)  We were becoming concerned, Captain. You were a bit  overdue.  But they have used the code term Condition  Green, which means they're in trouble. But it also prohibits my taking  any action. (ends log entry) Mister Chekov, pinpoint power source  locations. Type, power, load factors, and how much our beams will have  to pull to overload them.  Let it take time, lad. They're in trouble, and I'm under orders  not to interfere. However, no order can stop me from frightening them.  It may do no good, but it may suggest to someone just what a starship  can really do. Aye.  [Arena] (Actually, a painted backdrop in the Empire TV  television studio. The commentator sits on scaffolding next to a camera  operator.)  Now, Mister Chekov. Activate. [Arena] (As the lights go out, Kirk gets himself a gun and  runs.)  Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Ready to beam up three.  (They disappear in a hail of bullets.)  Captain's log, stardate 4041.7. Note commendation,  Engineering Officer Scott. Despite enormous temptation >  [Bridge] Thank you, Captain.  (Scott leaves as McCoy and Spock enter the Bridge.) 
What happened, Captain?  We can hide for a while, sir, but we may have to go out of orbit  to keep it up for long.  Not necessarily, Captain. They have as much right to scientific  missions here as we have.  True, but since this is a hands-off planet, how are you going to  prove they're doing otherwise?  On the other hand, a flintlock would be the first firearm the  inhabitants would normally develop.  And were the Klingons behind it, why didn't they give them  breechloaders?  Bridge, Scott here.  Captain, we may have to break out of orbit  any minute to keep out of their sight. We'd be out of communicator  range with you. [Sickbay] (running in and dragging her away) What are you doing, woman?  Have you gone daft?  What's this all about?  Entering distant orbit, sir. Approaching rendezvous time.  (losing his grin) I didn't get that exactly,  Captain. A hundred what? [Hillside]
Aye, Captain.  (But before he can touch the controls, the landing party vanish  abruptly.)  [Combat area] (The three appear lying on the ground, on a  decorated surface. There are iron railings around a vaguely triangular  area, and three benches, one on each side.)  Scott to Bridge. [Bridge] Mister Spock, the Captain, Lieutenant Uhura,  and Chekov. they vanished. They got onto the transporter platform and  they just vanished. [Bridge] Aye, of course I mean that. You think I'd  call if they just beamed down? [Bridge] I've made all the proper checks. There was  nothing. There was no flash of light, nothing. They were gone. [Bridge] Not down here. All the dials were right and  the transporter was functioning perfectly. [Bridge] Mister Spock, I've checked that transporter  from one end to the other. Every circuit works perfectly. Whatever that  power surge was, it had nothing to do with the transporter or any other  system aboard this ship.  Where are they then?  Well, the transporter has neither the power nor the range to  account for that.  We certainly seem to be heading into an empty sector.  That must be two dozen light years away.  Mister Spock, it just doesn't make sense  they could have come this far. If there's any chance at all it is to  continue to search in the area they were lost.  It's always possible to miss something.  No, sir. There was no sign of failure.  It's my opinion that we've gone too far as it is, sir.  Doctor McCoy speaks for me, too, sir.  Mister Spock!  I would be more than content to do so, sir, and maybe a wee bit  more.  Aye, sir.  (But the turbolift doors shut before Spock and McCoy can leave the  bridge, and the lights start flashing.)  What the voice said was true, sir. Nothing is functioning.  Mister Spock, look!  Heaven's got very little to do with this. [Combat area] (So the fight begins, and everyone puts their feet  outside their allotted colours from time to time. Kirk manages to trip  up or push over each of his three opponents several times. Eventually  he throws his pole into Kloog's belly then picks up a dagger to defend  himself with. Lars traps his hand in the net, but Kirk ducks as the  Andorian throws his pole. Now the two fight with just the  daggers, until Kirk throws the Andorian. Galt sees that he is only  injured, and orders in his replacement.)  Aye, sir. 
Acknowledged, Captain. They'll send one fast enough for  this rich a find.  Ready to beam back aboard, Captain?  The USS Yorktown is expecting to rendezvous with us in less  than eight hours, Captain. That doesn't give us much time.  Cutting in if I may, Captain. The USS Yorktown is  expecting to rendezvous with us in less than seven hours.  Captain, while we're waiting I've taken the  liberty of cleaning the radioactive disposal vent on number two  impulse engine, but we'll be ready to leave orbit in under half an  hour.  The medicine for Theta Seven colony is not only needed  desperately and has limited  Agreed, sir.  Captain, we can't maintain warp eight speed  much longer. Pressures are approaching the critical point.  Aye, sir.  Captain, we can't do it. If we keep this speed, we'll blow up  any minute now.  (Scott looks frantic, Spock almost concerned, everyone else is worried.  Kirk looks as if he might burst into tears of frustration.)  That's impossible.  Captain, something's entered through the number two impulse  vent.  When it entered impulse engine number two's vent, it attacked  two crewmen. It then got into the ventilating system, and now we have  air for only two hours.  Aye. (leaves)  Engineering to Captain Kirk. Engineering to Captain Kirk.  Scott, Captain. The creature's moving back toward the  number two impulse vent. The radioactive flushing may be affecting it.  Got them. A piece of them, anyway.  Captain, thank heaven. 
We lost five percent of our energy reserve,  sir. Our deflector shields are weakened.  Aye, if we don't lose any more. Don't ask me how it happened. [Bridge] Yes.  I'm sorry, sir. I'm not sure. I was trying to recalibrate, and  we went into reverse.  I don't know, sir. All I know is that the power levels are down  twelve percent and steadily decreasing. I've never experienced anything  like it.  I don't know, sir. It goes against the rules of logic.  But  That's doing it, sir. We're slowing down. But we're not  stopping. We're still being dragged forward.  As to the power levels are concerned, everything is acting  backwards, but the drain is continuing. On the static test, I could  only get sixty percent power. We're still being dragged forward.  But what?  Aye, Captain, but I'll reserve some for the shields in case we  don't get out.  That ought to do it. Engineering to Captain Kirk. [Bridge] Ready to try it when you are, sir. [Bridge] I hope so, Captain.  It's no good, sir. The best we can do is to maintain thrust  against the pull and hold our position.  Aye, sir.  At this rate, plus the drain on all systems, two hours. [Bridge] Engineering to Captain Kirk.  You asked me to keep you informed on the power drain. All levels  are down fifty percent now [Kirk's quarters] And still draining. We can maintain  thrust for another hour and fifteen minutes.  (Spock and McCoy enter.)  Sir?  All systems clear for shuttlecraft launch.  sir.  Captain, h e won't have enough power to get back out if he  diverts it to his shields.    Captain, the pull from that organism is increasing, and the  power drain from our shields is getting critical.  No more than an hour now, sir.  Aye, sir.  Scott here, sir.  We're down to forty three percent, sir.  We're slipping a bit against the pull that beastie's putting on us. [Kirk's quarters] We can't last more than forty five  minutes at this rate of decline. Less, if I have to apply more thrust.  Cut the engine thrust? We'd be sucked into  that thing like being caught in a wind tunnel, sir. [Kirk's quarters] Switching power to shields. Impulse in reserve. Cutting thrust  to zero, now!  Captain, we've only twenty six percent power reserves after  entry.  I saved all I could, sir, but I don't know whether we have  enough to get back out again. Or time either.  Aye, we are, but we're committed to what? We have no power for  the phasers.  Then what the devil, begging your pardon sir, are we doing?  We can't use the power to destroy it.  Aye, it couldn't swallow that.  It's on its way, sir.  Six, maybe seven minutes, sir.  Aye, sir.  Captain, we don't have enough time to do it. We only have a  fifty three second escape margin.  Aye, sir. Tractor beams on.  Aye, sir. I can't guarantee it'll hold when the warhead  explodes. The power levels are (looks at readout) The power levels are  dead, sir.  Power's coming back, sir.  I don't know how, sir, but it's still with us. [Shuttlecraft] Aye, sir. 
Located, sir.  KIRK; Good. Mister Oxmyx, we have your intersection located. Will five  minutes be all right?  Scott here. Who's this? [Oxmyx's office] Am I to understand that you're holding the captain and his  party? [Oxmyx's office] I don't know. (Oxmyx ends the transmission, laughing) Lieutenant  Hadley, check the language banks and find out what a heater is.  [Warehouse] (The guards are sitting at a makeshift table  playing cards whilst the landing party sit on various barrels and  crates.)  Aye, sir.  Enterprise. Scott here.  We did, sir? [Krako's office] Do you think that's wise, sir? [Krako's office] Aye. I know indeed. [Krako's office] Aye, Captain. [Bridge] Captain. We're preparing everything. It'll  be ready when you give the word. [Krako's office] Acknowledged, Captain.  It looks like we put the bag on you, doesn't it.  You've got nothing. You mind your place, mister, or you'll be  wearing concrete galoshes.  Er. Aye.  [Street] (Kirk runs towards the car.)  Enterprise. Scott here, sir. [Oxmyx's office] Aye, he's here. Mad enough [Transporter room] To chew neutronium, but behaving himself.  Flag me? [Oxmyx's office] What?  Can do, Captain. [Oxmyx's office] Standing by.  Scott here.  Enterprise. Scott here, sir.  Right away, sir. Scott out. [Oxmyx's office] (The street outside is filled with green light, and  everyone falls down. The watching bosses are stunned into silence for a  moment.) 
Right. Locked onto you. Energise. Coadjutor  engagement.  Magnetic. Decontaminate that uniform.  That acted like a burnout.  Just one moment, Captain. It checks out okay now. You better go  get a synchronic meter so we can double-check.  All right, Captain. Locked onto you. (Kirk stumbles as he leaves  the platform) Are you all right, Captain?  Let me give you a hand.  Wilson will be right back, sir.  (both leave, and another Kirk materialises on the pad) Captain's Log, stardate 1672.1. Specimen-gathering  mission on planet Alpha 177. Unknown to any of us during this time, a  duplicate of me, some strange alter ego, had been created by the  transporter malfunction.  [Transporter room] It might profit you to let Doctor McCoy give you the once-over.  Transporter breakdown. Continue circuit testing. We beamed up  this animal and, well, look for yourself. It's in this specimen case.  (opens lid to reveal angry pink animal)  A few seconds after they sent this one up through the  transporter, that duplicate appeared. Except it's not a duplicate, it's  an opposite. Two of the same animal, but different. One gentle, this.  One mean and fierce, that. Some kind of savage, ferocious opposite.  Captain, we don't dare send Mister Sulu and the landing party up. If  this should happen to a man.  I don't know sir, but when Fisher came up, his suit was covered  with a soft yellow ore that had highly unusual properties. It may have  caused an overload. Can't tell, not yet.  Yes sir, but we don't dare bring up the landing party. It might  be duplicated like this animal.  Can't say, sir.  We're doing everything we can, sir.  Captain Kirk.  Mister Scott, sir, on the lower level of the Engineering  deck. [Engineering] I've found a new trouble with the  transporter. The casing has a wide gap ripped in it. (the phaser  damage) The main circuits  [Sickbay] have been burned through. The abort  control circuit is gone altogether.  [Planet surface] Scott here, Captain.  The transporter unit ioniser. Nothing much left of it, sir.    We can't repair it in less than a week.  Captain's Log, stardate 1673.5. Transporter still  inoperable. My negative self is under restraint in Sickbay. My own  indecisiveness growing. My force of will steadily weakening. On the  planet, condition critical. Surface temperature is seventy five degrees  below zero, still dropping.  [Planet surface] We've found a way to get the transporter working, sir.  (opening box with angry animal in it) I'll grab him by the  scruff of the neck and hold him as long as I can.  If this doesn't work, I don't know what will. 
Increase power to shields.  (Another male in a purple jumpsuit appears in Engineering and  immobilises the crew there.)  Sound Red Alert.  Engineering, come in.  I've tied in all the lab computers. That will give it a bit more  power to push with. [Engineering] (Scott and Spock are in the upper gallery, while  Kirk is apparently talking to Tomar below in main engineering. There is  a rounded metal object on the console.)  This is it. Now all we have to do  Why?  That's it, then.  I see what you're getting at. I can't say I like it.  I have opened the control valves to the matter-anti-matter  nacelles. On your signal, I will flood them with positive energy.  And so will we.  Outside hull temperatures rising, sir. It's over two thousand  degrees now. Sir?  Several systems out, sir. Operating on emergency backup. None  affect flight procedure.  (whispering) Sir, why don't we try again to knock out the  paralysis projector? I know the casing looks impenetrable, but I may be  able to do something.  Then how will we stop the Kelvans?  I can think of one way right off. (goes over to Tomar) Lad,  you're going to need something to wash that down with. Have you ever  tried any Saurian brandy? [Sickbay] (McCoy is examining Hanar.)  Not of this.  I found this on Ganymood, er, Ganymede.  Well, it's, er. (peers at it, sniffs it) It's green. [Kelinda's quarters] (Kelinda is preening herself in front of a mirror  when Rojan walks in.)  All I have is a bottle of very, very, very old Scotch. Whisky!  I'll get it! (takes the helmet off a breastplate and reaches in,  removing a very dusty bottle.) I was saving you for  Never mind. Gie us your glass. [Rec room] We did it, you and me. Put him right under the table. (takes the  paralyser off Tomar's belt) I'll take this to the captain.  (He gets to the door, then stops and gently falls back against the  wall. He slides to the floor, as out of it as Tomar is.)  [Rec room] (Rojan breaks up the kissing session.) 
I don't like it, sir. The transporter co-ordinates preset by an  alien of some sort. You could materialise inside solid rock.  Can you read me, Captain?  They're fine. They Just didn't  dematerialise. [Chamber] I don't like it, sir.  You're going to what? Are they all right in  the head, Doctor?  Ach! You're joking.  A starship engine the size of a walnut? That's impossible. But I  don't suppose there'd be any harm in looking over diagrams on it.  For all the good it'll do you. It's a fancy name, but how will  something that looks like a drop of jelly make this thing work? You'll  need microgears and a pulley that does what a muscle does.  I tell you, lady, this thing won't work. 
Aye, sir. Whatever your condition. 
He was here. (spots him behind a console) Doctor.  (sullenly) Aye, aye, sir. Mister Harper.  Captain, power shutdowns on deck four. Lights, environmental  control.  The power's gone off on deck five.  Captain, I've located the source of the power shutdowns. It's  the M-5 unit, sir. That thing's turning off systems all over the ship. [Engineering] Reverse thrusts will not engage, sir. Manual override isn't  working either.  Captain, I suggest we disconnect it at the source.  So now it has virtually unlimited power. Captain, what'll we do?    Aye. I can take them out and cut in the manual override from  there.  If Mister Spock helps me, maybe an hour.  Aye, that's got it, Mister Spock.  That's it, Mister Spock.  But it was active. I'd stake all that I know that it was.  System's coming back. I can give you power for the shields, sir.  [Bridge] That'll take longer.  Sir! [Bridge]
No transporter beam can reach that far, not even in our century.    (Kirk enters.)  It's locked, it's locked our circuits wide open.  (One of the transporter pads has activated.)  It's impossible to hide a whole planet.  Still unable to analyze it, sir. It was so  powerful, it fused most of our recording circuits. Could have brought  him back through great distances, could have brought him back through  time. There's no way for us to know.  We can estimate only within a thousand metres or so where he  beamed down, Captain.  Aye.  Locked in. Proceed one nine five degrees true. [Apartment - office] (The computer is fabricating identity papers for  Seven, as a Colonel with the CIA, a Lieutenant in the NYPD and a  Colonel with the NSA. It has also produced a map of McKinley Rocket  Base. Then a young woman in an orange and purple mini-dress lets  herself into an adjoining room.)  Correlated. Readings indicate a greater altitude. Approximately  thirty metres higher, sir. [Street] Proceed five metres, two four seven degrees true.  (They arrive outside 12B, and Kirk rings the doorbell.) [Apartment - office] There's an old-style weather satellite in  orbit below us. If I could bounce off it, I could get some good views.  I've got it.  (An image of the rocket is on the wall monitor.)  I could get even closer. If I could spot him, I could lock on  and beam him up.  Security, send two men up here right away. [Launch Control] Stand by. I'm going to beam him up.  (On the gantry, Seven feels the transporter effect and sits up, holding  Isis. In the apartment, Roberta fiddles with knobs on the inside of the  safe door and pulls him away from the Enterprise.)  I had him and something yanked him away. [Apartment - main room] (Seven gets up from the floor of the safe.)  Scott here.  I've got to risk calling the captain. Lieutenant Uhura, open a  channel. [Bridge] (over the open communicator) Captain, can you read me? I  was beaming up Mister Seven, and something yanked him away from me.  Captain, monitors show all major powers on full missile  alert. Retaliatory strike ordered on warhead impact. 
Impossible, Doctor McCoy. My transporter was working perfectly.  And these, Captain? (the guns)  It's impossible! Things like this can't happen.  Absolutely. Half a gallon of scotch.  It just takes a bit of getting used to, Captain. Actually, a man  could grow quite fond of this stuff.  Aye. If we only had a phaser.  If we could only contact the Enterprise.  (showing his gun) We have these, Captain.  Aye. (leaves)  Captain, let me.  Captain, we can't just stand here and take it.  But they murdered Chekov! If you think I'm going to  Mister Spock, Chekov is dead! I say it now, and I can hardly  believe it. But you worked closely with him. That deserves some  memorial.  Would a volunteer solve the problem?  All right. On one condition. That I'm wide awake and with you at  five o'clock.  Aye. (has a slug of whiskey) It's to kill the pain.  Well, you should've warned me sooner, Mister Spock. Fire away.  (Spock pulls the thread on the can, and gas comes out. Scott stands  close to it. Then he picks it up so the gas obscures his face.)  Aye. Deeply.  I never felt better.  Good. If they want a fight, let's gie'em a fight. 
Aye, but why the secrecy? This star system's under Federation  control.  From what I've seen, it's not worth fighting about. Why are we  here, Captain?  Captain? You'll not be using the warp drive? All the way on  impulse? That'll take a great deal of time.  No.  (Spock enters.)  Engineering to Captain Kirk.  Captain, I know what you said about showing  respect, but must I have these persons fool around with my equipment? [Bridge] Well, I suppose, lassie, that even our impulse engines must seem  fast compared to your nuclear propulsion units.  Menials? Without engines, there'd be no fighting or  Nobody saw him, but that devil sneaked back in here some way.  Watson must've caught him and he was killed for it. He had this.  Looks like some sort of transmitter.  Captain, you must realise the time  Aye.  [Elaan's quarters] Captain, the matter-antimatter  The anti-matter pods are rigged to blow up  the moment we go into warp drive. [Bridge] Not without being blown halfway across the  galaxy. [Bridge] Scott to Captain.  I've got bad news, Captain. The entire  dilithium crystal converter assembly is fused. No chance of repair. [Turbolift] It's completely unusable.  Not without dilithium crystals. We can't even generate  enough power to fire our weapons.  Ninety three percent of impulse power, sir.  Manoeuvre? Aye. We can wallow like a garbage scow against a  warp-driven starship. [Engineering] Our shields will hold for a few passes, but  without the matter-antimatter reactor, we've no chance. Captain, can  you not call Starfleet on this emergency? [Bridge] No, sir, not a chance.  We're fitting it now, sir, but we'll have to  run a few tests to make sure. [Bridge] Aye, that could blow us up just as  effectively as  Scott to Captain. [Engineering] It's in place, sir, but I can't answer for  what happens. [Bridge] Fluctuation. It's the shape of the crystals. I was afraid of  that.  She won't steady down.  (to Spock) It's stabilised now.  (McCoy enters) 
Enterprise. Come in, Mister Spock. 
Lieutenant, when did the order come through?  From Starfleet. The order to enter the Neutral Zone.  Surely the Captain couldn't be doing this on his own authority.  That's a Klingon ship! But it couldn't be, not in this area.  They caught us right enough.  We've not got many choices.  If the Enterprise is taken by Romulans, they'll know everything  there is to know about a starship.  Perfectly clear.  Security, put our two Romulan hostages in the brig. Lieutenant  Uhura, give me a channel to that ship.  This is Lieutenant Commander Scott. The Enterprise takes no  orders, except those of Captain [Romulan Commander's office] Kirk, And we will stay right here until  he returns. And if you make any attempt to board or commandeer the  Enterprise, it will be blown to bits  along with as many of you as we can take with us.  Scott here, Doctor.  Sickbay? I can't leave the bridge at a time like this. [McCoy's office] We're surrounded by enemy vessels ready to  attack us. I don't know of anything more urgent than that. [McCoy's office] All right, Doctor. It better be important.  Scott out.  [Sickbay] (Scott comes storming in and stutters to an  astonished halt.)  All right, Doctor, what's so urgent that... Captain? Captain  Kirk.  Well, you look like the devil himself, but as long as you're  alive. What's it all about?  (Kirk has slanted eyebrows and pointed ears.)  They're in the brig, sir.  Aye, sir. No doubt of it.  But Mister Spock hasn't sent the proper co-ordinates yet.  But, sir, what about Mister Spock?  It'll have to hook into our deflector shield control.  I don't know, sir.  I've got that device installed, but bless me  if I know whether it'll work. [Bridge] It's the biggest guess I've ever made.  I did, sir. [Bridge] It's not working.  Captain, I'm working as fast as I can. [Bridge] It's ready now, Captain, but I don't know  whether our circuits can handle this alien contraption. [Bridge] It'll likely overload. [Bridge]
Locked onto you, Captain. 
When did we change course?  What do you mean, we haven't changed course? Look at your bridge  control monitor.  Have you gone completely blind? That's not orbiting position.  What the devil do you think you're doing?  You blind fool! Can't you see in front of you? We're not in  orbit.  You are disobeying an order from the bridge. Now step aside.  Not yet.  (Scott throws the Engineer aside to get to the controls, but the other  one present grabs him. Finally the first man knocks Scott out.) [Kirk's quarters] I can't do that, sir.  These are very sensitive instruments. I will not have you upset  their delicate balance. We would all be lost, forever lost. (Spock sees  Don) Go away now. Go away or we'll kill you. 
It beats me, but isn't she a beauty?  I've never seen anything like her. And ion propulsion at that.  They could teach us a thing or two.  Aye.  Scattered. Widely spaced. Humanoid, all right. On the large  side.  Aye.  Captain! There's someone, something out there in the rocks. Five  of them. Humanoid, large.  A companion.  Aye, sir.  Captain! [Cave entrance] Over here, sir. There's food in there and a  whole pile of other stuff. A storehouse for our muscular friends.  (They step inside carefully.) [Cave] It could be a warning device to keep those creatures away from  the food.  In that case, the beam would be a signal.  Keep him close to the right. [Cave] Captain, that power we picked up above, we're getting closer.  Enough to push this planet out of orbit.  Either a nuclear pile a hundred miles across or  Ion power.  Aye.  Captain, I've got something, but I can't quite get a fix on it.  (Luma tries to get away, but McCoy grabs her.)  Mister Spock, where are you?  Aye. There's no sun, but there's light.  That's impossible. Who built the machines?  These are on to stay for a while. Must be a magnetic lock of  some kind.  Those women could never have set up anything as complex as this  has to be. Why, that takes engineering genius. But there's no sign of  engineering genius in any of those women.  Pain and delight, he said up above.  How does Spock's brain fit into this?  Isn't there a way to correct that situation?  Body? Why, you have none.  Got it.  Must be in there, Captain. [Control Room] (Kara is in there, with her back to the door. She  hears them enter, and gives them pain.)  That phaser is set to kill.  I've never seen anything like it. He's operating at warp speed.  I'd like a try at that teacher myself.  Captain Kirk!  He's forgetting. 
Montgomery Scott, Chief Engineer. Call me Scotty.  Aye, indeed. It's a rare privilege meeting one of the designers  of the Enterprise.  (Scott and Marvick leave.)  Larry, would you like to stop off at Engineering with me? I have  a few things to check and a bottle of scotch says you can't handle the  controls you designed.  Good night, gentlemen.  (Marvick and Scott leave.)  Ah, there, Marvick. So you couldn't resist a wee wager.  [Corridor] (Miranda comes out, holding a visor.)  The controls are all yours, and the bottle  of scotch'll be in your room this evening if you can handle 'em.  I don't know!  We need some repairs, sir, but the ship is intact. 
Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Come in, please.  Scott here, sir. [Bridge] Our instruments have picked up a gigantic  solar flare [Research station] With very high levels of cosmic rays  accompanying it.  An enormous one. [Bridge] Our sensors indicate the cosmic ray  concentration measures three point five one on the Ritter scale.  That'll play the very devil with the crew, as well as the ship. [Research station] Aye, aye, sir. We'll beam you up in  Very well, sir. Scott out.  Mister Sulu, will you give us an estimate of  how much longer we'll have until those solar flares will subside?  Aye. Well, as long as we're stuck out here, we might as well  relax until the storm passes.  That's not likely. The planet's atmosphere will give them ample  protection. And if I know Captain Kirk, he'll be more worried about us  than we are about him. [Laboratory] (Kirk is currently stripped and dangling from a  couple of chains, crucifixion-style. He is suffering, and Gem is  watching.)  Not to dispute your computer, Mister Spock, but from little what  you've told me, I would say she was a pearl of great price.  Do you not know the story of the merchant? The merchant, who  when he found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had  and bought it.  Perhaps the Vulcans should hear about this. 
Captain. We're losing power in the warp engines.  We can barely read it, but I don't like the looks of it. And I  cannot find out the cause.  Aye, sir.  [Transporter room] (The landing party are wearing silvery space  suits.)  Scott here, sir.  Aye, aye, Captain.  Aye, aye, Captain. Standing by.  Aye, I think you're right. Keep us within beaming range, but not  too close.  [Defiant Engineering] (The crew in Engineering are dead, so is everyone  in Sickbay. The patients were strapped down onto the beds.)  Bridge to transporter room.  You got that transporter working yet, Mister?  Take over, Mister Sulu. I'll be in the  transporter room.  Scott here.  I can't, sir. At least, not all at once. [Defiant Bridge] Everything. That ship you're in is fading  out, and it's ripping the innards out of this one. [Defiant Bridge] It's jamming our transporter  frequencies. I've only got three of them working, and I'm not sure of  those. One of you has got to wait.  Aye.  (It takes two goes and a lot of switch flicking to beam the three onto  the Enterprise.)  Anything?  That's it. I've done all I can. There's nothing out there to  grab a hold of and bring in. When that ship went, it must have taken  the Captain with it.  [Bridge] Two hours and twelve minutes? That power leak has unbalanced the  ship and she's starting to drift. I can't hold her in place that long.  He had no cause to be angry.  (Security arrive.)  Transporter room here.  I'm trying. Captain Kirk is not on his designated co-ordinates,  Mister Spock.  Scott to Bridge! [Bridge] I know you don't like to use the phasers, but you've got to  do something about that ship out there.  (McCoy enters.)  Spock, that hit from the Tholians has fused our power  supply converters. [Engineering] I can't do a thing with the Enterprise now. [Bridge] She's bound to drift, maybe right  through that doorway out there.  I don't even know if she can be repaired. [Bridge] Attention. (a respectful pause) Dismissed.  (Everyone starts to file out.)  Mister Spock, we have a readout on the Tholian tractor  field. I think we can estimate its approximate completion time.  Scott to Captain. [Bridge] Scott to Captain.  One of our crewmen just went berserk, but we  have him under control for the moment. [Bridge] We're beginning to interphase.  Scott to Bridge.  Are we slipping into interspace? [Bridge] I don't believe it.  (Then it is gone.)  Mister Spock. [Engineering] I've just seen Captain Kirk. He was standing  there as plain as we are. [Bridge] And then he just disappeared.  Mister Spock, look!  (The image of Kirk is there, apparently calling out to them.)  That'll be about twenty minutes. Aye,  she'll be back together. But we'll only have about eighty percent power  built up.  What have you got there?  What is it?  Aye. And deadly, too. What are you thinking of, Doc? Are you  trying to kill us all?  Oh, well, any decent brand of Scotch will do that.  Does it make a good mix with Scotch?  I'll let you know. (leaves with the remaining contents of the  flask)  Scott here.  Aye, sir. Standing by.  She's only up to seventy six percent. [Bridge]
Aye, and chemically fuelled to boot, sir.  Then it must be on automatic controls.  Aye, sir.  [Transporter room] Enterprise. Scott here.  Scott here, Captain.  Aye, Captain.  But, Captain, what about Doctor McCoy? 
All others suspended in transit. Who are the guests, by the way?    Well, they're right in here.  Captain, we've not been able to get through to Starfleet  Command. All subspace frequencies have been blocked, and there's too  much radiation coming from that Klingon ship. It's a hazard to the  vicinity.  Transporter room to Bridge. Klingon ship is vacated, sir.  I would if I could, sir. [Engineering] The controls have gone crazy. Something's  taken over. [Bridge] The engines, sir. [Engineering] They've gone to warp nine, by themselves! [Bridge] Three hundred and ninety two trapped below decks.  The doors and bulkheads won't budge. We'll have to cut through. [Bridge] No, sir. She's a projectile at warp nine.  And don't ask me what's holding her together.  Scott here, sir. There's no use trying to free those men down  below. The phaser torches, they won't cut through the bulkheads, nor  the doors, nor the decks. There's something happened to the metal.  I'm there now, sir, and you never saw such a fine collection of  antiques in your life.  (We pull back to see racks of swords, billhooks, pikes.)  [Bridge] Aye, sir. (spots a special sword amongst the  ordinary ones.) A Claymore. You're a beauty. [Bridge] Any signs of those devils, Mister Sulu?  They've taken Engineering. I don't know how  many more of those Klingons are around, but we'll split up here and try  to make it back to the bridge.  Sir. Chekov was right, Captain.  We should have left those fuzz-faced goons in the transporter.  That's right where they belong!  Non-existence! Now they can study the Enterprise, add our  technology to theirs, change the balance of power. You've jeopardised  the Federation!  Keep your Vulcan hands off me. Just keep away! Your feelings  might be hurt, you green-blooded half-breed!  Then transfer out, freak!  But this is war.  Have we forgotten how to defend ourselves?  Without sensors? All our power down? This thing could go  anywhere.  But, Captain, I didn't do it. Everything just came on by itself.  [Engineering] Scotty, sir. [Bridge] The ship's dilithium crystals are  deteriorating. We can't stop the process. [Corridor] In twelve minutes, we'll be totally without engine power.  There's no change, Captain. The dilithium  crystals are discharging.  Aye. Now that's something the Klingons would understand.  It's the alien that's done this. We're in its power, our people  and yours.  I wouldn't trust her, Captain.  Even if it could work, she may be leading you into a trap.  We'll go with you.  But she can't guarantee that Kang will stop to listen, right,  Mister Spock? 
Scott to Captain Kirk. [Parmen's chamber] Captain, we're in the midst of a storm. [Parmen's chamber] No discernible cause, and I've never  seen anything like it. There's [Bridge] Ten scale turbulence right now. Emergency  gyros and stabilisers at maximum. [Parmen's chamber] If this keeps up, Captain, we can't  last!  I've tried that, sir. She's locked tight. [Parmen's chamber] Right, Captain. [Parmen's chamber] Scott on the Enterprise. [Bridge] It's all right, Captain. The turbulence has  abated. [Parmen's chamber] Aye, Captain.  Scott here, sir.  I'm afraid I can't do that, sir. Everything's frozen. [Guest room] It's not the turbulence, sir. Damage to the  ship is minimal.  I don't know, sir, and those are the facts. [Guest room] No, sir. The orbit's locked tighter than ever. [Bridge] And subspace communication with Starfleet,  it's completely severed. [Guest room]
They register something, sir, but I'm blessed if I can  figure out what it is.  I can't get a fix on it. Sensors don't pinpoint a location.  We may have a malfunction. I'm about to check circuits, sir.  Aye, sir. Is Mister Spock still down there?  Aye.  I had some.  Was it the coffee? Are we going to go too, just like the  captain?  By that time it'll be too late.  Can we use phasers to cut through that wall, bypass the force  field and get at that unit?  Can we find some way of coping with them on theirs?  Captain Kirk, where the blazes did you come from?  And Mister Spock, is he coming too?  This panel is being recircuited at incredible speed. 
Engineering, no damage. All power levels  normal.  Aye, sir.  But that's not possible. Nothing can do that.  The point is, it shouldn't have hurled us anywhere. Why, it  should have destroyed us immediately, vaporised us.  What you're saying is that the planet didn't blow up, and the  captain and the others, they're still alive!  Aye, sir. But even at that it'll take a while to get there.  Aye, sir. And maybe a wee bit more. I'll sit on the warp engines  myself and nurse them.  Scott to Bridge. Scott to Bridge. [Bridge] Mister Spock, the ship feels wrong. [Bridge] I know it doesn't make sense.  Instrumentation reads correct, but the feel is wrong. [Bridge] It's something I can't quite put into  words.  Watkins, check the bypass valve on the matter/antimatter  reaction chamber. Make sure it's not overheating.  I didn't ask you to check the board, lad.  Oh, you poor lad. Scott to bridge. Scott to bridge. [Bridge] My assistant, Watkins, is dead.  I didn't see it happen, but his last words were a warning cry  about some strange woman.  You mean that one of the people who threw us a thousand light  years away from that planet is on board and killing our people?  Then you're right, Mister Spock. Watkins must've been murdered.  I sent him in to check the matter-antimatter reactor. There are no  exposed circuits there. It couldn't have been anything he touched.  Bridge to Engineering.  Scotty here. I see it. [Engineering] It's a power surge. I'm working on it.  Reduce speed until I locate the trouble. [Bridge] Aye, Mister Spock, and I found out why. The  emergency bypass control of the matter-antimatter integrator is fused.  [Bridge] It's completely useless. The engines  are running wild. There's no way to get at them. We should reach  maximum overload in about fifteen minutes. [Bridge] Those few seconds will not make any  difference, Mister Spock, because you and I and the rest of the crew  will no longer be here to bandy it back and forth. [Bridge] This thing is going to blow up [Engineering] And there's nothing in the universe can stop  it.  [Planet surface] It's useless. And there's no question it's deliberate.  Aye, and a thorough job. The system's foolproof. Whoever  murdered Watkins sabotaged this.  That's what worries me.  Well, it's fused, all right, but it would take all the power of  our main phaser banks to do it.  I find nothing interesting in the fact that we're about to blow  up.  Whatever did this is still aboard this ship. I fail to  understand why you cancelled the security alert.  Aye.  There's a service crawlway, but it's not meant to be used while  the integrator operates.  What with? Bare hands?  Any matter that comes in contact with antimatter triggers the  explosion. And I'm not even sure a man can live in the crawlway  in the energy stream of the magnetic field that bottles up the  antimatter.  You'll be killed, man!  Aye. You're right. What have we got to lose? But I'll do it,  Mister Spock. I know every millimetre of that system.  I'll do whatever has to be done.  Aye. It was an emotional statement. I don't expect you to  understand it.  Mister Spock, we don't have time for that.  All right, lads. Get the crawlway door open.  Hand me the tools. Communicator. All right. Head first. I hope Mister  Spock knows what he's doing.  (Scott is slid on his back into a half-sized Jefferies tube with blue  energy streaks crossing it.  Scott to Bridge.  I've sealed off the aft end of the service crawlway, and I've  positioned explosive separator charges to blast me clear of the ship if  I rupture the magnetic bottle. I'm so close to the flow now it feels  like ants crawling all over my body. [Bridge] I heard that. The ship's not structured to take that speed for  any length of time. [Bridge] All right, Mister Spock. I'm starting to  open the access panel now. [Bridge] (Spock begins his computer study.)  Access to the flow itself. [Crawlway] If the magnetic flow jumps, you must  jettison me. The safety control [Bridge] Will not hold more than two seconds if  I rupture the field.  I've removed the access plate, and I've got  static electric charges dancing on the instruments. Looks like an  aurora borealis in there. [Bridge] It's hard to see. There's so much  disturbance that any attempt to get at the flow would rupture the  magnetic field. [Bridge] I know what time it is. I don't need a  blooming' cuckoo clock.  [Planet surface] Mister Spock.  I'm going to try to cut through the magnetic  flow. But if the probe doesn't precisely match the magnetic flow,  there'll be an explosion. Starting right now.  Reverse polarity?  That'll take some doing. What purpose could it [Bridge] I have no time for theory. I just hope you're right.  I'm doing the best I can! Wait! It's stuck! It's stuck! Push the  button!  [Bridge] Don't be a fool! Push the button! It's your  last chance! Don't be sentimental, push it. I'm  going to die anyway. [Bridge] It's loose! But there's no time. Push the  button!  You might at least say thank you. [Bridge] Never mind. 
Yes, sir. Decontaminate.  [Bridge] Spock and Tormolen aboard, sir.  [Bridge] We're holding them in the chamber for  decontamination.  Or at least none your tricorders could register.  Unless you people on the Bridge start taking showers with your  clothes on, my engines can pull us out of anything. We'll be warping  out of orbit within a half second of getting your command.  Scott here, Captain.  No problem, sir. You'll have it.  He ran in, said you wanted us on the Bridge.  And he shut the door behind us and locked off the mechanism.  I can't. He's hooked everything through the main panel in there.  Get up to my office and pull the plans for this bulkhead. The only way  to get that door open is to cut through these wall circuits here.  [Engineering] Engineering to Bridge. Try your helm. You'll have enough power  to keep her stabilised. Here, let's have a look at that.  [Bridge] Tell him I'm doing my best. If I cut through the wrong circuits  Even if we were under a full-scale attack I couldn't move any  faster, not and maintain a safety factor.  Engine room.  Then we'll make it, sir, if all goes right.  Almost ready, sir.  - Ready, sir.  Captain.  He's turned the engines off. Completely cold. It will take  thirty minutes to regenerate them.  I can't change the laws of physics. I've got to have thirty  minutes.  Captain's Log, supplemental. The Enterprise,  spiraling down out of control. Ship's outer skin heating rapidly due to  friction with planet atmosphere. Maybe twenty two, twenty three minutes.  Captain, you can't mix matter and antimatter cold. We'd go up in  the biggest explosion since  That's only a theory. It's never been done.  If you wanted to chance odds of ten thousand to one, maybe,  assuming we had a row of computers working weeks on the right formula.  Engineers, man your stations. Engine  rooms, report. Cycling station, report. This will be an emergency  restart of engines.  Captain.  Level.  [Bridge] That'll take four minutes. 
None, sir. All tanks are being positioned.  Scott here.  Aye, sir. Hold. Captain, no malfunction  indicated.  Aye, sir. Out. (presses a lot of buttons.) Engineer to bridge. [Bridge] On auxiliary, sir.  I'll be right up.  Captain, we are now at warp ten and the speed is increasing!  (Lokai enters)  This is Lieutenant Commander Scott, chief engineering officer of  the USS Enterprise. Destruct sequence number three, code one B, two B,  three.  And at warp ten, we're going now here mighty fast.  Warp six and smoothly operating, sir.  Disgusting is what I call them.  Mister Spock, the word disgusting describes exactly what I feel  about those two.  We're orbiting Ariannus, sir.  At once, sir. Scott out.  Ready for decontamination procedure.  Mister Sulu, lock into co-ordinates requested by Ariannus.  Mister Chekov, position tanks for spray release.  Lieutenant Uhura, advise Ariannus the mission is to begin on  signal. All ground precautions must be ready.  Well, let 'er rip.  (The planet they are orbiting turns orange, then white and blue)  Scott to Captain Kirk.  First run complete, sir. [Captain's mess] Aye, sir. Ready to repeat decontamination  procedure.  Mister Sulu?  We're completing the final orbit of Ariannus, sir. I'm awaiting  instructions to set course for the next destination.  Aye, sir. Re-routed. 
Scott here, sir.  Aye, sir. Queen to queen's level three.  I said, queen to queen's level three.  I'm following your orders, Captain. Queen to queen's level  three.  I gave him the sign. Why didn't he give me  the countersign?  Using the chess problem was the Captain's own suggestion. He  couldn't have forgotten it, and I can't believe he was testing me.  Lieutenant, re establish communication.  Send an armed detail to the transporter room immediately.  Mister Sulu, what do your sensors show?  We could blast our way through the field, but only at the risk  of destroying the Captain, Mister Spock and any other living thing on  Elba Two.  No breakthrough?  Sensor readings?  Aye, you're right. Even if they made it, they couldn't carry  anything powerful enough to break through the asylum dome. Only the  ship herself could do that.  Scott here, Captain. [Control room] You had us worried.  They're already in the transporter room,  sir. [Control room] Aye, aye, sir.  Waiting for your order, Captain.  Still waiting, Captain.  Queen to queen's level three. Repeat. Queen to queen's  level three.  Give the countersign as ordered.  Security detail, standby to beam down.  (Spock reactivates the forcefield and turns into Garth.)  Point nine five!  Immediate probe. Is the force field in place, Mister Sulu?  Doctor, I told you we couldn't do it without killing everyone in  the asylum dome.  Well, there's one last thing we might try. Perhaps the ship's  phasers can cut through a section of the force field at its weakest  point. Where did you say that was located, Mister Sulu?  Prepare to change orbital path, Mister Sulu.  Break synchronous orbit. Come to course one four mark six eight.    (after a few moments)  Ship's phasers to narrow beam.  Let's punch a hole in it. Full power. Another blast, full  power.  Enterprise here. Queen to queen's level three.  Aye, aye, sir. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
No matter what you say, Mister Spock, he'll twist your meaning.  I'll not take that, Mister Spock. That  transporter was in perfect condition. I guarantee that myself.  Transport me down right this minute, and I'll prove to those gentlemen.    Aye, Mister Spock.  (Scott leaves, muttering)  Scott here.  Aye, aye, sir. [Council chamber] Eight seven five.  Zero two zero. [Transporter room] Seven zero nine. Energising.  (Krodak disappears from the bridge viewscreen and appears in the  transporter room)  Mister Spock, the gentleman from Gideon is here. [Bridge] I don't see how they expect us to sit here and wait for the  captain to reappear.  Eight seven five, zero two zero, seven zero nine.  Isn't that just about what Captain Kirk said before he left?  [Fake Transporter room] Scott here, Mister Spock.  You're where?  Those were the co-ordinates you insisted on. [Empty Bridge] Scott here.  Same co-ordinates? 
You're the sanest, the smartest, the nicest  woman that has ever come aboard this ship.  Anything else, I'll keep to myself for the moment.  (turning from Mira) Hmm?  Aye, Captain.  Excuse me.  Mira!  Mira! Mira! (her eyes and mouth are open) What's that you're  saying'?  (McCoy enters)  Well, after the disturbance was over, she just collapsed. How's  she doing, Doctor?  Easy, now. Easy. You had quite a fall.  Aye, they are. Now you just do what Doctor McCoy ordered.  Captain, would it be all right if I went along to Sickbay?  But Captain  She might have something there, Doctor McCoy. This is her first  deep space trip, and you know that affects people.  Come on now, Mira. We must help the doctor. Tell us what  happened.  I'm sure that's what the lieutenant wants. She just didn't  understand. Did you now, lass?  (McCoy leaves)  Oh, you will not! That's ridiculous. This getting used to space  travel, that takes some doing. And not everybody takes to it.  Well, me, that's different. I was practically born to it.  You will. You passed your Starfleet preliminary examinations.  And this is just getting used to what you might call your space legs.  Scott here.  In the Sickbay.  Och, no. I was just checking on the lass.  She's going to be fine now. There's nothing wrong with her. [Bridge] I'm afraid this light'll have to do, Captain. The generator is  inoperative.  Captain!  (They go into the next area and find the body we saw in Mira's eye,  along with others.)  Mira! The captain has some questions.  Wait, Captain. We've lost Mira.  Stabilise her!  Let me.  (Finally Mira arrives, feeling dizzy)  Listen to me. I've told you what strange tricks a space trip can  play on your mind. Now, that's all it is.  Have you ever had visions of the future events before this?  Well, if you ask me, nobody ever has. That seeing to the future,  it's pure bunk. You know that, don't you?  And you were perfectly right.  Space. Space, that's all it is.  Well, if you want to spend the rest of the trip in Sickbay. But  what good would that do? Doctor McCoy can no more cure it than he can a  cold.  [Bridge] What?  Mira. [Bridge] Mira.  Mira! Mira. [Bridge] Captain! Captain, the phaser shots, they're killing Mira!  Aye. When you fired the phasers, they  stunned her and she crumpled. [Bridge] Another shot and you'll kill her!  Mira has tried to tell me all along that she was seeing things  in advance.  You don't report space sickness. That's all I thought it was.  The first attack on the ship, the attack on Memory Alpha and the  time we nearly lost her.  And? And?  I thought for a moment there was something else, but I guess I  was wrong.  We've lost her to them.  Stay with us, Mira. Please stay.  You won't let them.  Mira. Mira! Captain.  Mira will not kill me.  (Scott picks her up and gets her into the chamber before being thrown  across the room)  I told you she wouldn't kill me.  (intercom) It's all right, Mira. They're gone. They're gone!  (She looks at him and smiles)  Now we have all the time in the world. [McCoy's office] Scott here, sir.  Beautiful, Captain.  Positively, Captain. 
Ready to transport, Captain.  The mine entrance. That's what you ordered, Captain.  Enterprise, Captain.  Aye, sir.  (Kirk and Spock are beamed away)  Beam the High Advisor down without warning,  did he say?  I'd like to see the Advisor's face.  The captain did say immediately, did he not?  Aye.  [Council gallery] (Droxine is gazing out from the balcony)  Transporter room to Mister Spock.  I've locked into the co-ordinates of the Cloud City Council  Gallery. Ready to transport the High Advisor.  What's wrong?  Did you say the word immediately was an exact quote of the  captain's order?  Well, are we going to do anything about it?  I’ll give it further thought. [Council gallery] Scott here.  Locked in, sir.  Aye, sir. [Transporter room] Energising. [Bridge] Fine, Mister Spock. The High Advisor's  materialising on the platform. [Bridge] Energising, sir. He's on his way to the captain.  The Advisor looked mighty angry. I hope he doesn't give the  captain too much trouble. 
Aye, Captain. [Bridge] Aye, Captain. They are, and a nice lot too.  (Say hello to the 'space hippies')  Captain's log, stardate 5832.3. The son of the  Catullan ambassador is one of six we have beamed aboard from the stolen  cruiser Aurora. We have been ordered to handle him with extreme  delicacy, because the treaty negotiations now in progress between the  Federation and Catualla are in a crucial phase.  [Bridge] They refuse, sir.  I don't know. They're sitting on the floor,  the lot of them. You can hear for yourself. Shall I send for security? [Bridge] Engineering to Bridge.  Captain, I just had to give one of those barefooted what do  you call 'ems the boot out of here. She came in bold as brass, tried to  incite my crew to disaffect.  At least we know where they are and what they're doing. I don't  know why a young mind has to be an undisciplined one. They're  troublemakers.  It's shorted. No, it's channeled over somewhere. To auxiliary  control.  He痴 got everything channelled over. [Bridge] Enterprise here.  Three of them, sir. Expecting a fourth any minute. 
Aye, Captain, all phasers locked on.  Aye, Captain.  Aye, sir.  Aye, Captain.  Nearly everybody aboard has got it, Captain.  We're working a skeleton crew and waiting for the ryetalyn.  Mister Scott, sir. There’s no record of a Rayna Kapec in  Federation legal banks.  No background at all in any computer banks.  Like Flint. [Living room]
Full dress? Presidential honours? What is this nonsense, Mister  Dickerson?  Ha! You're daft, man.  I'd have expected sanity from the ship's surgeon, at least.  President Lincoln, indeed. No doubt to be followed by Louis of France  and Robert the Bruce.  (Kirk and Spock enter)  Aye, sir.  Locked on to something. Does that appear human to you, Mister  Spock?  We can beam it aboard anytime now, sir.  You heard Mister Spock yourself. Mineral he called it, like  living rock.  I couldn't tell. It may have been another figure down there  standing by. What do you make of it?  Why, they're probably looking up a plate of haggis in the  galley. They've been everywhere else.  (Kirk and Spock enter)  Lincoln died three centuries ago on a planet hundreds of light  years away.  Mad. Loony as an Arcturian dogbird.  You might beam down into a sea of molten lava.  Don't do it, Captain.  Aye, sir.  Aye!  Transporter room to bridge. Standing by.  Then they're dead men. I couldna pull them back in time.  Come in, landing party. Report. Enterprise  to Captain Kirk. Can you read us?  How is it, Mister Sulu?  Shut down all but the most necessary systems.  Engage restart cycle.  Start emergency procedures.  It's a confrontation of some sort. Those are all figures out of  history. Notoriously evil.  We don't have the power. They'll come aboard a mass of dying  flesh.  There's nothing we can do, Doctor. Nothing but watch them. He's  skimmed the worst ones in history to face them.  Scott to Engineering. Report,  Lieutenant.  Give me that again, man. I cannot hear you.  Engineering, check for radiation. Get a repair crew on it at  once.  Is there a danger of detonation?  Captain. [Planet surface] I cannot. We have a complete power failure. [Planet surface] We're on emergency battery power only.  I can't explain it, sir, but the matter and  antimatter are in red zone proximity.  There's no knowing and there's no stopping it either. The  shielding is breaking down. I estimate four hours before it goes  completely. Four hours before the ship blows up. [Planet surface] The ship is functioning normally again, sir, and the restart  cycle is in operation. You'd never know anything had been out of order.  I can't fathom it. 
Scott here, Captain.  Seventeen minutes. You three had better come back right  away.  I knew there was trouble. I've got a landing party standing  by.  What's happening? Why are you waiting?  Aye, Captain.  You've got to come aboard now. [Ice Age] Orders or no, I'm beaming you up first.  Now or never, Captain. 
Mister Scott, sir.  Doctor Lester is certainly a very lucky young person to have  escaped.  Surely you must have more than that to go on.  Your evidence is completely subjective. We have to have evidence  that we can examine out in the open.  Doctor. Doctor, I've seen the captain feverish, sick, drunk,  delirious, terrified, overjoyed, boiling mad. But up to now I have  never seen him red-faced with hysteria. I know how I'm going to vote.  It may not be scientific, but if Mister Spock thinks it  happened, then it must be logical.  Headquarters has its problems, and we have ours. And right now,  the captain of the Enterprise is our problem.  They're going to call for the vote in a few minutes. Let me put one  last question. Suppose you vote with me, in favour of Spock. That means  two votes to one and Spock is free. What do you think the captain'll  do?  Aye, you know, all right. It'll stick in his craw. He'll never  accept it.  I tell you, he won't. Then, Doctor, that's the time we move  against him. We'll have to take over the ship.  Aye. Are you ready for the vote?  Then's the time we move against him. We’ll have to take  over the ship.  Aye. Are you ready for the vote?  The bridge is where you belong. 
The ceremony will be carried on all viewing  screens, sir. 
