We heard that Captain Janeway's going to put her in the brig for two months, and that all the Maquis are going to be restricted to quarters when they're not on duty. We just want you to know that if things do get our of hand, we're ready to back you. We're running into some kind of spatial distortion. Confirmed. We're back at the same co-ordinates. You should have broken more than his nose. [Corridor]
No effect. In fact, the power loss is starting to accelerate.
I'm already on it, Captain. It's no use. His pattern's gone. [Bridge] SESKA Aye, Commander. [Cenotaph room] (A priest officiates over an strangely shaped sarcophagus whose lid is connected to the ceiling by cables at each corner. The family are touching it.) I see the vacuole. Locking on. I have a transporter lock. Energising. Matching her pattern to the subspace distortions. Wait a minute. The vacuole is shutting down. I can't get her pattern through. I'm trying. I'm losing her pattern. That's it. I've got the pattern. (Ptera beams back in with a thin layer of cobweb over her face. Janeway catches her as she falls.) Aye, Captain.
I've seen that look before. Ensign Murphy had better watch out. Not since Harry and Tom Paris made their move. I guess there are some things he keeps to himself. (Paris and Kim are at the next table.) Come on Harry, there aren't any secrets on a ship this small. You fell out of the gondola? Sorry. I wasn't concentrating. What did you say? No, only about seventy thousand. My brother's birthday is in four days. Last year I promised I'd meet him on Nivoch, celebrate with him. He'll think I broke my promise, that I'm dead. What are you doing? Look at that neutrino dispersion pattern. Could that be a result of space folding? Right. And hypothetically, if we could modify the deflector array to emit phased neutrinos, we could create a big enough bubble. Don't you think that's up to us? It means that we can sit here and let someone make the decision for us, or we can take matters into our own hands. We've been offered the grand prize. All we have to do is step up and claim it. Since when do you talk like that? Do you think that permission is more important than getting us half way home? The Captain is so infatuated with the Sikarian Magistrate she can't think straight. We can't trust that she's going to make the best decision for all of us. If we do this, we'll need to use engineering to configure the matrix. It would be a lot easier if we knew we could count on you. And the main responsibility for everyone on this ship is to try to find a way home. Captain Janeway made that clear from the beginning. That's our primary mission. Just think about it, that's all. [Ready room] B'Elanna, right now our people are still fighting Cardassians, dying for our cause. Settlers in the demilitarised zone are still under attack. We made a promise, B'Elanna, that we'd all stick together until the Zone was safe, and I intend to keep that promise. We're not the only ones. Everyone wants to get back. They're just waiting for someone to act. Just think, by tomorrow we could be there. We'll have to override the security lock-out but that shouldn't be a problem. Re-initialise the lock out buffers. Never mind. Beam me down. Yes. Where's Tuvok? Well, what's keeping him? I'm not. I'm just going to try the interface simulation. We don't know even if it will interface. We can give ourselves a head start by testing it now. It's working. The trajector field is bigger than anything we've created by ten orders of magnitude. I don't understand. How do they get that kind of amplification? Do it! Then we can abort. This is our only chance. The trajector field is forming. We're nearly at full field strength. This is going to work. (Alarms sound.) I can compensate for that! Anti-neutrinos? It's not working. I can't compensate for the instability. I can't! It's not responding! Plasma temperature at forty three million Kelvins. Plasma temperature at fifty million Kelvin. (Torres phasers the trajector matrix.) Anti-neutrino bombardment has stopped. Plasma temperature dropping. I'll start erasing the sensor logs. We can blame it on the phase discrepancy. Are you crazy? We don't have to take the blame for this! I don't understand. There's no need for this. That doesn't sound like you. You've changed.
Oh, thank the Prophets. Mushrooms. I saw them growing by the mouth of the cave. I wanted to teach Neelix how to make your favourite soup. I didn't think I'd make it. Feeling better? Real food. Are you kidding? The man wanted to stretch the mushrooms with just a little We got into this tug-of-war with the bag of mushrooms in the middle. It was the most ludicrous thing you've ever seen. Tuvok and Kes broke us up, and then Neelix threw me out of his kitchen. Strictly a Maquis operation. First we arranged for a little morale crisis. A couple of our people suddenly came down with severe homesickness. Neelix, our devoted morale officer, responded to the call and came in to cheer them up. And while they are all singing Rakan folk songs, Jackson and I broke into the kitchen. (Chakotay stops laughing and eating.) Well, if he's not going to give us a decent meal. Well, it's not like we're hiding anything. I did bring soup straight to the First Officer, didn't I? Well, the moral crisis ended a few minutes ago, so I'd say That he probably does. They're not going to do it. You'd put me in the brig? After all we've been through? (Seska embraces Chakotay from behind, and strokes his chest.) The soup was worth losing the replicator privileges for two days. Admit it. I get the point. Can we make up now? Who else knows how to make your favourite soup like I do? Look around, Chakotay. There aren't that many potential mates out here. Of course, if you're not interested, I have had my eye on young Ensign Kim. (Seska leaves.) Someone's alive over here. We could generate a localised subspace bubble to get past the force field. I'd be willing to risk it. Oh, you know what I'm talking about. There's nothing important to do on the Bridge. What the hell is going on? What kind of concern? Oh, I see. So now I'm a traitor. I sell technology to the enemy. No, you just take me off my assignment. This is your idea of protection? You might as well point a finger at me in front of the entire crew! Thanks for your concern. [Sickbay] Will he regain consciousness? He's the only one who really knows what happened on that ship, Doctor. The only one who can tell them I had nothing to do with it. Would you call me right away if he wakes up? No. I never got around to it. Why? My blood won't help you. I had a childhood disease that infected it. I was warned never to donate blood for transfusion. I will. Right now I have something more important to take care of. [Ready room] I really don't have time to talk to you right now, Chakotay. [Bridge] The only conclusion we can reach is that she is not, in fact, Bajoran. It appears Seska has been genetically altered. My suspicion is she was born Cardassian. [Ready room] I suppose now everyone thinks I went over there to destroy the evidence. I was only trying to show everyone, show you. You really think I had something to do with this, don't you? Well, why don't you go talk to your animal guide and figure it all out? Good. Get back to me when you do. What is this about? What's wrong with you? Talk to me, Chakotay. You owe me that much. What are you talking about? I didn't get around to it because I didn't get around to it. It's a side effect of Orkett's disease. Ask your doctor. A childhood virus that swept through the Bajoran work camps during the occupation. Thousands of children didn't survive. I did, thanks to a bone marrow transplant from a sympathetic Cardassian woman. Her name was Kattell. When we get home, you can ask her yourself. You must think I'm horrible. Do you think I gave you my, my heart to get your Maquis secrets? Let me tell you something. Your secrets weren't good enough. They wouldn't have been worth the trouble for a Cardassian agent. I had only one agenda with you, Chakotay, and I never kept it secret. So, do you believe in me again? Good. Because I want to go back to work. I'm going stir crazy in here. Well, what'll that tell you? Oh, you don't think whoever did this is foolish enough to log in using their own name? Who? Look, I don't know what evidence you think you've found, but I have no idea what you're talking about. Hell of a way for me to cover my tracks, putting in my own security code for you to find. Ever consider that maybe someone was? I did it for you. I did it for this crew. We are alone here, at the mercy of any number of hostile aliens, because of the incomprehensible decision of a Federation Captain. A Federation Captain who destroyed our only chance to get home. Federation rules. Federation nobility. Federation compassion? Do you understand, if this had been a Cardassian ship, we would be home now. We must begin to forge alliances. To survive, we must have powerful friends. The Kazon-Nistrim were willing to be our protectors in return for some minor technology. Change it in our favour! That is all that matters at this point. Building a base of power in this quadrant. You are a fool, Captain, and you're a fool to follow her. I can't imagine how I ever loved you. Computer, command XJL. (Seska beams out.)
Why don't we let the Maje go back to his ship while we consider his offer. I was wrong. I'm sorry. Don't be so sure about that. What did you do to the two men who refused your offer? Yes. And by doing that, you sent a message. The Kazon-Nistrim are powerful again. First Maje Jal Culluh has technology that no other sect possesses. Join with him, or suffer the consequences. Yes. And with a few more ships, you can defeat Voyager. And when you have the rest of their technology, the other sects will have no choice but to fall into line. That's why I sent a subspace message to the Mostral, the Hobii and the Oglamar. I told them about the transporter, asked them to help us take Voyager. I sent the messages in your name. I'm sorry, Culluh. Yes. Maje. Please, forgive me. They're on their way to join us. Yes, Maje. Yes, Maje. Yes, Maje. [Ready room]  The Mostral should be here in less than twenty hours. The Hobii in fifteen. I don't think so. [Shuttlecraft] (Chakotay has glided up to the Kazon hull.)  Those aren't normal fluctuations. They're energy spikes from manoeuvring thrusters. Probably a shuttle running shadow manoeuvres. He knows our scanners can't pinpoint energy readings that low. Maybe we can resonate a coherent polaron pulse off his hull. Get a lock on him that way. Initiate a continuous stream of pulses from the lateral deflectors.  There you are. Open a channel. Just transmit on wideband subspace. He'll hear me. [Shuttlecraft]  Deploy a spread of photonic charges centred on coordinates one two four by two one seven. Twenty percent nominal yield. We want that shuttle intact. [Shuttlecraft]  He's lost control of the shuttle. We have him. This is Seska. He must've transported aboard. (to Kazon) Find him! You can go. Let's just say I'm in a position of some influence. Which is fortunate for you. Culluh wanted to execute you immediately, but I convinced him that you'd be a valuable prisoner, and that I should be the one to interrogate you. Would you like a drink? The Kazon word for this is enemy's blood. It's not exactly fine cognac, but I've developed a taste for it. Try some. You know, I've got to hand it to you. I thought all these months answering to Janeway would have made you soft, but all you needed was a little slap in the face to get that Maquis heart of yours beating again. Here's to old times. What do I need with a single transporter module when I've got your shuttle and all its technology sitting in our hangar? I should have anticipated that. You're still the noble one, aren't you? Ready to die for your shipmates. You know, Chakotay, I may not have the transporter anymore, but I've got something better. You. Maybe that's all I really wanted. I've missed you. Don't flatter yourself. It was never that good. You might have been an interesting diversion now and then, but I've always been less interested in you than in the information you could provide me with. First you gave me your Maquis secrets, and now I want Voyager's command codes. Maybe not. But for old time's sake, I'll let you in on a little secret. There are half a dozen ships from other Kazon sects on the way here right now. They're joining us to help take Voyager. I'm not a monster. I still care about Torres and some of the others. I don't want to see anybody get hurt. I never did. These Kazon aren't as reasonable as you and I. I'm going to have to use all of my influence to make sure they don't kill you all. But you've got to give me something to work with. They'll come. They'd never leave their First Officer in the hands of the Kazon. You may not give me the command codes, but when Culluh gets through with you, you'll wish you had. [Briefing room] Just tell him what he needs to know. He's delirious. He doesn't know what he's saying. Give him some time. Very clever ploy, Chakotay. But you know I'm not a killer. If I were, you'd have been dead a long time ago. (Seska extracts material from Chakotay's cervical spine.) [Bridge] It's Voyager. To the bridge. I might have better luck interfacing with Voyager's systems from there. Hello, Chakotay. Congratulations on your victory. I look forward to our next meeting. Oh, and there's something you should know. While you were unconscious, I took the liberty of extracting a sample of your DNA. I impregnated myself with it. So, I guess more congratulations are in order. You're going to be a father.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
Maje, I think that's a detail we could work out later. We don't have to decide everything right now. Yes, Maje. The Trabe? It happened because you let Voyager slip away right into the hands of the Trabe, by insisting on that ridiculous exchange of crews! That's becoming a tired refrain, Culluh. One day that attitude will be your undoing. Or what? I'm carrying your child. I don't think you'd do anything to jeopardise him. We can still turn this to our advantage. We have a crewman on Voyager who's willing to provide information to us. There's long term potential in that arrangement. We mustn't lose sight of it. Could you risk being the only Maje who doesn't attend? Of course you'll go, and listen. Nothing should be negotiated there, not at the point of a Federation weapon. But you can learn a great deal. Assess the mood of the other Majes, find out the strength of the Trabe convoy. You can come out of this a hero. You can use this conference to unite the factions, eradicate the Trabe once and for all, and take Voyager as a trophy. Captain's log, stardate 49342.5. Neelix has returned from Sobras where he learned a disturbing piece of information that may require us to rethink our plans. [Ready room]
 Tom Paris. In another month, Chakotay will have a son, or a daughter. I really didn't want to know which. Makes it more interesting, don't you think? I have no idea which one Chakotay would prefer. He and I rarely see eye to eye. You've had your problems with him lately, too. I know all about what's happened. Your sudden inability to be Starfleet's good boy. Then Lieutenant Tom Paris was just a pretence? I never liked you, Tom. I didn't trust you. I don't trust you now. Fine, but we might be able to help each other, if you're telling the truth. I thought it might make sense to you. The Kazon tend to be excessive in their use of force. It's nothing I can change. But I can promise you'll be well-treated on this ship if we decide we can work together. You're an excellent pilot. We could make good use of your skills. And of course, you have information about Voyager that could be quite valuable. Think about it, Tom. Think about where you want to be when the Nistrim seize Voyager and start taking control of the quadrant sector by sector. Just let me know. (Seska leaves. Paris starts trying to hack into a console. He has a handy little gizmo in his shirt cuff just for the occasion.) Captain's log, stardate 49485.2. In spite of the fact that Tom Paris has been abducted by the Kazon, we must continue on course for the Hemikek system. [Mess hall] Well, Tom. It's always good to have one's instincts verified. That's why we have ground troops on Hemikek and more ships on the way. Now don't you wish you'd taken my offer? (Tom's gizmo explodes, giving him a chance to tackle Seska's two Kazon guards and take one of their weapons.) Go get him!
I've got them all, Mike. You've been very helpful. You mean about the warp coils? I was thinking you could do it by forcing the magnetic constrictors out of alignment. I have no intention of raising my child on a Kazon ship. One way or another, I'm going to take Voyager. You can either help me, or you can suffer along with Janeway and the others. Don't worry, Mike. Everything's been planned to the letter. Here's how it's going to work. We'll be waiting for you on a planet called Hemikek Four. Doctor's personal log, Stardate 49507.2. The more time I spend with Denara, the more my programming continues to adapt. I look forward to perfecting my romantic skills once we've completed the synaptic transfer. [Sickbay]
Hello, everyone. What do you think of your son, Chakotay? He has your eyes, don't you think? Thank goodness he doesn't look too human. You all have such weak foreheads. You know you have my deepest respect, Maje. Your new home. Take them to a cargo bay. Have the whole crew brought there. Check all quarters. (Culluh snaps his fingers, and the Kazon obey.) Goodbye, Chakotay. I'll take good care of our son. Oh, are you hungry, my brave little boy? (Culluh takes the Captain's seat, and Seska takes Chakotay's to breast feed her child.) [Engineering] Has that been confirmed? And even if they find wreckage that seems to be from the shuttle, tell them to check for a recent warp trail. (Later, they arrive at a planet.)  Activate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. (The EMH comes out of his office.) Hello, Doctor. Remember me? Doctor, I have to inform you about a change of command. I'm curious how you'll react. The Kazon-Nistrim have taken Voyager. Does your programme have any problem with that? Tell me, is it within your program's capabilities to lie or be deceptive? It's not exactly what I meant. I think we'll keep you just as you are. Ah, you don't know how primitive Kazon medicine is. I'm sure Chakotay would be glad to know you're looking after his son. But you're wrong, Doctor. I impregnated myself with his DNA. But I was so certain. He, he looks Maje Culluh will be so pleased. End Medical Holographic Programme. (The EMH disappears and Seska leaves. Then he reappears again to make his log entry whilst walking into his office.) [Doctor's office] No one tried to adjust the antimatter flow today? There should have been some warning before the antimatter injector froze. A drop in core temperature, a magnetic constriction alarm, something. He's either lying, or Computer, run a level one scan for intruders. Were two people on board? Two people were unaccounted for when we captured the crew. Have they found any evidence of an intruder on board? Thoron particles? That's an old Maquis trick to fool tricorders. [Outside the camp] Why are you still here? I shut down your programme when I left. Where's your thoron generator? Who else from Voyager is on board? I don't believe you. That's a lie. At most, there is one, and I believe it is a Maquis crewman. I won't play these games with a trick of light. I don't believe you could have sabotaged this ship alone. You killed him? Why create a thoron leak if you're not hiding someone? You're more talented in the art of deception than you led me to believe.  Computer, access Culluh Zero One. Disregard all voice commands from Starfleet personnel. Security lockout. (Thump!) Seska to Bridge. What's going on? Goodbye, Doctor. I'd rather not take any more chances. (Seska shoots at his hologram control panel, and he disappears. (Down on the planet, the entire range of hills is starting to erupt. Suder returns to Sickbay.) From where? Switch to backup systems.
It's just like old times, isn't it? We've got to get moving. Some of Janeway's people are trying to set up a command centre in the mess hall. [Mess hall] (The Maquis blast their way in.) I wouldn't do that if I were you. This phaser's set on wide beam. I could take you all in one shot. Do you want me to shoot him? We did it.  You did a good job today. Just make sure you keep it up. It means I'm not as easy to win over as Chakotay. Come on! Let's go. (They take a man from his quarters at gunpoint.) Wait here. [Kes's quarters] (Kes is back to short hair and a short skirt from her recent long hair and catsuits.) Move it. No talking. [Cargo bay]  Over there, with the rest of them. I said, no talking! It told you it was a mistake letting Starfleet people in on this.
We heard that Captain Janeway's going to put her in the brig for two months, and that all the Maquis are going to be restricted to quarters when they're not on duty. We just want you to know that if things do get our of hand, we're ready to back you. We're running into some kind of spatial distortion. Confirmed. We're back at the same co-ordinates. You should have broken more than his nose. [Corridor]
 Lieutenant, I'm picking up a minor power fluctuation in the warp core.
 Have everyone stand closer together. I'm going to try a blind beam-out [Cavern] SESKA  From the vacuole are interfering with the transporter lock. I'm [Bridge] SESKA  Okay. I think I've got them. Chakotay and Lieutenant Torres are aboard. So is one of the humanoid bodies. [Bridge] SESKA  He was pulled into the vacuole.
I've seen that look before. Ensign Murphy had better watch out. Not since Harry and Tom Paris made their move. I guess there are some things he keeps to himself. (Paris and Kim are at the next table.) Come on Harry, there aren't any secrets on a ship this small. You fell out of the gondola? Sorry. I wasn't concentrating. What did you say? No, only about seventy thousand. My brother's birthday is in four days. Last year I promised I'd meet him on Nivoch, celebrate with him. He'll think I broke my promise, that I'm dead. What are you doing? Look at that neutrino dispersion pattern. Could that be a result of space folding? Right. And hypothetically, if we could modify the deflector array to emit phased neutrinos, we could create a big enough bubble. Don't you think that's up to us? It means that we can sit here and let someone make the decision for us, or we can take matters into our own hands. We've been offered the grand prize. All we have to do is step up and claim it. Since when do you talk like that? Do you think that permission is more important than getting us half way home? The Captain is so infatuated with the Sikarian Magistrate she can't think straight. We can't trust that she's going to make the best decision for all of us. If we do this, we'll need to use engineering to configure the matrix. It would be a lot easier if we knew we could count on you. And the main responsibility for everyone on this ship is to try to find a way home. Captain Janeway made that clear from the beginning. That's our primary mission. Just think about it, that's all. [Ready room] B'Elanna, right now our people are still fighting Cardassians, dying for our cause. Settlers in the demilitarised zone are still under attack. We made a promise, B'Elanna, that we'd all stick together until the Zone was safe, and I intend to keep that promise. We're not the only ones. Everyone wants to get back. They're just waiting for someone to act. Just think, by tomorrow we could be there. We'll have to override the security lock-out but that shouldn't be a problem. Re-initialise the lock out buffers. Never mind. Beam me down. Yes. Where's Tuvok? Well, what's keeping him? I'm not. I'm just going to try the interface simulation. We don't know even if it will interface. We can give ourselves a head start by testing it now. It's working. The trajector field is bigger than anything we've created by ten orders of magnitude. I don't understand. How do they get that kind of amplification? Do it! Then we can abort. This is our only chance. The trajector field is forming. We're nearly at full field strength. This is going to work. (Alarms sound.) I can compensate for that! Anti-neutrinos? It's not working. I can't compensate for the instability. I can't! It's not responding! Plasma temperature at forty three million Kelvins. Plasma temperature at fifty million Kelvin. (Torres phasers the trajector matrix.) Anti-neutrino bombardment has stopped. Plasma temperature dropping. I'll start erasing the sensor logs. We can blame it on the phase discrepancy. Are you crazy? We don't have to take the blame for this! I don't understand. There's no need for this. That doesn't sound like you. You've changed.
Oh, thank the Prophets. Mushrooms. I saw them growing by the mouth of the cave. I wanted to teach Neelix how to make your favourite soup. I didn't think I'd make it. Feeling better? Real food. Are you kidding? The man wanted to stretch the mushrooms with just a little We got into this tug-of-war with the bag of mushrooms in the middle. It was the most ludicrous thing you've ever seen. Tuvok and Kes broke us up, and then Neelix threw me out of his kitchen. Strictly a Maquis operation. First we arranged for a little morale crisis. A couple of our people suddenly came down with severe homesickness. Neelix, our devoted morale officer, responded to the call and came in to cheer them up. And while they are all singing Rakan folk songs, Jackson and I broke into the kitchen. (Chakotay stops laughing and eating.) Well, if he's not going to give us a decent meal. Well, it's not like we're hiding anything. I did bring soup straight to the First Officer, didn't I? Well, the moral crisis ended a few minutes ago, so I'd say That he probably does. They're not going to do it. You'd put me in the brig? After all we've been through? (Seska embraces Chakotay from behind, and strokes his chest.) The soup was worth losing the replicator privileges for two days. Admit it. I get the point. Can we make up now? Who else knows how to make your favourite soup like I do? Look around, Chakotay. There aren't that many potential mates out here. Of course, if you're not interested, I have had my eye on young Ensign Kim. (Seska leaves.) Someone's alive over here. We could generate a localised subspace bubble to get past the force field. I'd be willing to risk it. Oh, you know what I'm talking about. There's nothing important to do on the Bridge. What the hell is going on? What kind of concern? Oh, I see. So now I'm a traitor. I sell technology to the enemy. No, you just take me off my assignment. This is your idea of protection? You might as well point a finger at me in front of the entire crew! Thanks for your concern. [Sickbay] Will he regain consciousness? He's the only one who really knows what happened on that ship, Doctor. The only one who can tell them I had nothing to do with it. Would you call me right away if he wakes up? No. I never got around to it. Why? My blood won't help you. I had a childhood disease that infected it. I was warned never to donate blood for transfusion. I will. Right now I have something more important to take care of. [Ready room] I really don't have time to talk to you right now, Chakotay. [Bridge] Retrieving the console, my way. The only conclusion we can reach is that she is not, in fact, Bajoran. It appears Seska has been genetically altered. My suspicion is she was born Cardassian. [Ready room] I suppose now everyone thinks I went over there to destroy the evidence. I was only trying to show everyone, show you. You really think I had something to do with this, don't you? Well, why don't you go talk to your animal guide and figure it all out? Good. Get back to me when you do. What is this about? What's wrong with you? Talk to me, Chakotay. You owe me that much. What are you talking about? I didn't get around to it because I didn't get around to it. It's a side effect of Orkett's disease. Ask your doctor. A childhood virus that swept through the Bajoran work camps during the occupation. Thousands of children didn't survive. I did, thanks to a bone marrow transplant from a sympathetic Cardassian woman. Her name was Kattell. When we get home, you can ask her yourself. You must think I'm horrible. Do you think I gave you my, my heart to get your Maquis secrets? Let me tell you something. Your secrets weren't good enough. They wouldn't have been worth the trouble for a Cardassian agent. I had only one agenda with you, Chakotay, and I never kept it secret. So, do you believe in me again? Good. Because I want to go back to work. I'm going stir crazy in here. Well, what'll that tell you? Oh, you don't think whoever did this is foolish enough to log in using their own name? Who? Look, I don't know what evidence you think you've found, but I have no idea what you're talking about. Hell of a way for me to cover my tracks, putting in my own security code for you to find. Ever consider that maybe someone was? I did it for you. I did it for this crew. We are alone here, at the mercy of any number of hostile aliens, because of the incomprehensible decision of a Federation Captain. A Federation Captain who destroyed our only chance to get home. Federation rules. Federation nobility. Federation compassion? Do you understand, if this had been a Cardassian ship, we would be home now. We must begin to forge alliances. To survive, we must have powerful friends. The Kazon-Nistrim were willing to be our protectors in return for some minor technology. Change it in our favour! That is all that matters at this point. Building a base of power in this quadrant. You are a fool, Captain, and you're a fool to follow her. I can't imagine how I ever loved you. Computer, command XJL. (Seska beams out.)
That's right, Captain. As you can see, I'm in the process of restoring my Cardassian physiology. Hello, Chakotay. Yes, you should have. Just like I knew you'd try to stop us with a tractor beam. You've always been so predictable. Goodbye, Chakotay. Lovely to see you again. Why don't we let the Maje go back to his ship while we consider his offer. I was wrong. I'm sorry. Don't be so sure about that. What did you do to the two men who refused your offer? Yes. And by doing that, you sent a message. The Kazon-Nistrim are powerful again. First Maje Jal Culluh has technology that no other sect possesses. Join with him, or suffer the consequences. Yes. And with a few more ships, you can defeat Voyager. And when you have the rest of their technology, the other sects will have no choice but to fall into line. That's why I sent a subspace message to the Mostral, the Hobii and the Oglamar. I told them about the transporter, asked them to help us take Voyager. I sent the messages in your name. I'm sorry, Culluh. Yes. Maje. Please, forgive me. They're on their way to join us. Yes, Maje. Yes, Maje. Yes, Maje. [Ready room]  The Mostral should be here in less than twenty hours. The Hobii in fifteen. I don't think so. [Shuttlecraft] (Chakotay has glided up to the Kazon hull.)  Those aren't normal fluctuations. They're energy spikes from manoeuvring thrusters. Probably a shuttle running shadow manoeuvres. He knows our scanners can't pinpoint energy readings that low. Maybe we can resonate a coherent polaron pulse off his hull. Get a lock on him that way. Initiate a continuous stream of pulses from the lateral deflectors.  There you are. Open a channel. Just transmit on wideband subspace. He'll hear me. [Shuttlecraft] Hello Chakotay. Very clever manoeuvring, but I'm not about to let you ruin all my hard work. [Kazon bridge]  Deploy a spread of photonic charges centred on coordinates one two four by two one seven. Twenty percent nominal yield. We want that shuttle intact. [Shuttlecraft]  He's lost control of the shuttle. We have him. This is Seska. He must've transported aboard. (to Kazon) Find him! You can go. Let's just say I'm in a position of some influence. Which is fortunate for you. Culluh wanted to execute you immediately, but I convinced him that you'd be a valuable prisoner, and that I should be the one to interrogate you. Would you like a drink? The Kazon word for this is enemy's blood. It's not exactly fine cognac, but I've developed a taste for it. Try some. You know, I've got to hand it to you. I thought all these months answering to Janeway would have made you soft, but all you needed was a little slap in the face to get that Maquis heart of yours beating again. Here's to old times. What do I need with a single transporter module when I've got your shuttle and all its technology sitting in our hangar? I should have anticipated that. You're still the noble one, aren't you? Ready to die for your shipmates. You know, Chakotay, I may not have the transporter anymore, but I've got something better. You. Maybe that's all I really wanted. I've missed you. Don't flatter yourself. It was never that good. You might have been an interesting diversion now and then, but I've always been less interested in you than in the information you could provide me with. First you gave me your Maquis secrets, and now I want Voyager's command codes. Maybe not. But for old time's sake, I'll let you in on a little secret. There are half a dozen ships from other Kazon sects on the way here right now. They're joining us to help take Voyager. I'm not a monster. I still care about Torres and some of the others. I don't want to see anybody get hurt. I never did. These Kazon aren't as reasonable as you and I. I'm going to have to use all of my influence to make sure they don't kill you all. But you've got to give me something to work with. They'll come. They'd never leave their First Officer in the hands of the Kazon. You may not give me the command codes, but when Culluh gets through with you, you'll wish you had. [Briefing room] Just tell him what he needs to know. He's delirious. He doesn't know what he's saying. Give him some time. Very clever ploy, Chakotay. But you know I'm not a killer. If I were, you'd have been dead a long time ago. (Seska extracts material from Chakotay's cervical spine.) [Bridge] It's Voyager. To the bridge. I might have better luck interfacing with Voyager's systems from there. Hello, Chakotay. Congratulations on your victory. I look forward to our next meeting. Oh, and there's something you should know. While you were unconscious, I took the liberty of extracting a sample of your DNA. I impregnated myself with it. So, I guess more congratulations are in order. You're going to be a father.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
If you don't mind, Captain, we'd prefer to choose the coordinates. Maje, I think that's a detail we could work out later. We don't have to decide everything right now. Yes, Maje. The Trabe? It happened because you let Voyager slip away right into the hands of the Trabe, by insisting on that ridiculous exchange of crews! That's becoming a tired refrain, Culluh. One day that attitude will be your undoing. Or what? I'm carrying your child. I don't think you'd do anything to jeopardise him. We can still turn this to our advantage. We have a crewman on Voyager who's willing to provide information to us. There's long term potential in that arrangement. We mustn't lose sight of it. Could you risk being the only Maje who doesn't attend? Of course you'll go, and listen. Nothing should be negotiated there, not at the point of a Federation weapon. But you can learn a great deal. Assess the mood of the other Majes, find out the strength of the Trabe convoy. You can come out of this a hero. You can use this conference to unite the factions, eradicate the Trabe once and for all, and take Voyager as a trophy. Captain's log, stardate 49342.5. Neelix has returned from Sobras where he learned a disturbing piece of information that may require us to rethink our plans. [Ready room]
 Tom Paris. In another month, Chakotay will have a son, or a daughter. I really didn't want to know which. Makes it more interesting, don't you think? I have no idea which one Chakotay would prefer. He and I rarely see eye to eye. You've had your problems with him lately, too. I know all about what's happened. Your sudden inability to be Starfleet's good boy. Then Lieutenant Tom Paris was just a pretence? I never liked you, Tom. I didn't trust you. I don't trust you now. Fine, but we might be able to help each other, if you're telling the truth. I thought it might make sense to you. The Kazon tend to be excessive in their use of force. It's nothing I can change. But I can promise you'll be well-treated on this ship if we decide we can work together. You're an excellent pilot. We could make good use of your skills. And of course, you have information about Voyager that could be quite valuable. Think about it, Tom. Think about where you want to be when the Nistrim seize Voyager and start taking control of the quadrant sector by sector. Just let me know. (Seska leaves. Paris starts trying to hack into a console. He has a handy little gizmo in his shirt cuff just for the occasion.) Captain's log, stardate 49485.2. In spite of the fact that Tom Paris has been abducted by the Kazon, we must continue on course for the Hemikek system. [Mess hall] What did you expect? Did you think this has all been about exchanging holiday greetings? This is how it's going to work. We'll be waiting for you on a planet called Hemikek four. (Seska enters.) Well, Tom. It's always good to have one's instincts verified. That's why we have ground troops on Hemikek and more ships on the way. Now don't you wish you'd taken my offer? (Tom's gizmo explodes, giving him a chance to tackle Seska's two Kazon guards and take one of their weapons.) Go get him!
I've got them all, Mike. You've been very helpful. You mean about the warp coils? I was thinking you could do it by forcing the magnetic constrictors out of alignment. I have no intention of raising my child on a Kazon ship. One way or another, I'm going to take Voyager. You can either help me, or you can suffer along with Janeway and the others. Don't worry, Mike. Everything's been planned to the letter. Here's how it's going to work. We'll be waiting for you on a planet called Hemikek Four. Doctor's personal log, Stardate 49507.2. The more time I spend with Denara, the more my programming continues to adapt. I look forward to perfecting my romantic skills once we've completed the synaptic transfer. [Sickbay]
Chakotay, they're going to take your son. When Culluh saw the baby. I hear them coming. I don't have much time. When he saw the baby wasn't his. Please Chakotay, help us. Not for me, for your son. (Static on the viewscreen.) No, please don't. Don't take him! I beg you. No! Please, no! No! [Ready room] Hello, everyone. What do you think of your son, Chakotay? He has your eyes, don't you think? Thank goodness he doesn't look too human. You all have such weak foreheads. You know you have my deepest respect, Maje. Your new home. Take them to a cargo bay. Have the whole crew brought there. Check all quarters. (Culluh snaps his fingers, and the Kazon obey.) Goodbye, Chakotay. I'll take good care of our son. Oh, are you hungry, my brave little boy? (Culluh takes the Captain's seat, and Seska takes Chakotay's to breast feed her child.) [Engineering] Has that been confirmed? And even if they find wreckage that seems to be from the shuttle, tell them to check for a recent warp trail. (Later, they arrive at a planet.)  Activate Emergency Medical Holographic Programme. (The EMH comes out of his office.) Hello, Doctor. Remember me? Doctor, I have to inform you about a change of command. I'm curious how you'll react. The Kazon-Nistrim have taken Voyager. Does your programme have any problem with that? Tell me, is it within your program's capabilities to lie or be deceptive? It's not exactly what I meant. I think we'll keep you just as you are. Ah, you don't know how primitive Kazon medicine is. I'm sure Chakotay would be glad to know you're looking after his son. But you're wrong, Doctor. I impregnated myself with his DNA. But I was so certain. He, he looks Maje Culluh will be so pleased. End Medical Holographic Programme. (The EMH disappears and Seska leaves. Then he reappears again to make his log entry whilst walking into his office.) [Doctor's office] No one tried to adjust the antimatter flow today? There should have been some warning before the antimatter injector froze. A drop in core temperature, a magnetic constriction alarm, something. He's either lying, or Computer, run a level one scan for intruders. Were two people on board? Two people were unaccounted for when we captured the crew. Have they found any evidence of an intruder on board? Thoron particles? That's an old Maquis trick to fool tricorders. [Outside the camp] Why are you still here? I shut down your programme when I left. Where's your thoron generator? Who else from Voyager is on board? I don't believe you. That's a lie. At most, there is one, and I believe it is a Maquis crewman. I won't play these games with a trick of light. I don't believe you could have sabotaged this ship alone. You killed him? Why create a thoron leak if you're not hiding someone? You're more talented in the art of deception than you led me to believe.  Computer, access Culluh Zero One. Disregard all voice commands from Starfleet personnel. Security lockout. (Thump!) Seska to Bridge. What's going on? Goodbye, Doctor. I'd rather not take any more chances. (Seska shoots at his hologram control panel, and he disappears. (Down on the planet, the entire range of hills is starting to erupt. Suder returns to Sickbay.) From where? Switch to backup systems.
It's just like old times, isn't it? We've got to get moving. Some of Janeway's people are trying to set up a command centre in the mess hall. [Mess hall] (The Maquis blast their way in.) I wouldn't do that if I were you. This phaser's set on wide beam. I could take you all in one shot. Do you want me to shoot him? We did it.  You did a good job today. Just make sure you keep it up. It means I'm not as easy to win over as Chakotay. Come on! Let's go. (They take a man from his quarters at gunpoint.) Wait here. [Kes's quarters] (Kes is back to short hair and a short skirt from her recent long hair and catsuits.) Move it. No talking. [Cargo bay]  Over there, with the rest of them. I said, no talking! It told you it was a mistake letting Starfleet people in on this.
