Get out of the way! (The police draw their weapons and the man grabs Beverly's arm, then shoots a policeman) I doubt they have one. They don't usually take hostages. These are not people we're dealing with here. They're animals. Fanatics who kill without remorse or conscience. Who think nothing of murdering innocent people. Don't ask me to explain them. I can't. The atrocities that I've seen. And now they have this new device that makes them even more deadly. How do I combat an enemy who fails to register on any scanner until they're literally standing in front of you, pointing a phaser at your head? Not much, really. They first started using it two months ago. We've taken several of these off dead terrorists. Our people have looked at them Nothing they can explain Not at all. And I'll put you in touch with our research people, if you wish. Perhaps if we found ourselves in possession of some of that advanced Federation weaponry of yours, it would shift the balance of power back to our favour. Yes, of course. If you like. I know my enemy, Commander. They don't leave much room for optimism. [Side cave] (Beverly is lying down, trying to sleep) No, not really. We suspect the organisation itself only to consist of some two hundred members. There are over five thousand names on this list, citizens we know to be sympathetic to their cause. They pass along weaponry and information, march in pro-Ansata demonstrations, participate in general strikes or the occasional riot. Seventy years ago we denied them independence. That gave them a noble cause. Now it's just an excuse for more violence. Believe it or not, I always considered myself moderate. Being stationed here for six months, watching the body count grow. The three assassination attempts on my life. The event that really opened my eyes took place only a few days after my arrival. A terrorist bomb destroyed a shuttlebus. Sixty schoolchildren. There were no survivors. The Ansata claimed that it was a mistake, that their intended target was a police transport. As if that made everything all right. That day I vowed that I would put an end to terrorism in this city. And I will. [Infirmary] (The boy is staying with Beverly, handing her things) For us or them? I know it's not pretty, Riker, but this is what terrorism has done to this city. My methods may seem harsh but believe me, they're gentle compared to my predecessors. Suspects would be brought into police headquarters and mysteriously vanish. I put a stop to that. They were murdered. It's possible. That shuttlebus I told you about? The bomb was set by a teenager. In a world where children blow up children, everyone's a threat. [Infirmary] (Finn is sketching as Beverly tends to her patients with the boy) All right. You can go. (The suspect glares at Riker and is escorted out of the room) If you want, I could become more persuasive. You're Katik Shaw, the waiter from the Lumar Cafe. You witnessed both the explosion and the kidnapping. We're aware of your ties with the Ansata. For all we know you planted the bomb yourself. Where have they taken her? Riker! Get out. (Katik the waiter leaves, and Alexana gestures for the other policeman to leave them alone) I should have him followed, but we'll try it your way. What I want is to go home. Back to my own country. To leave behind the roundups, the interrogations, the bodies lying in the street. To be able to walk without bodyguards, and to not have to jump at every unexpected noise. That's what I want, Riker! [Bridge] You have your answer, Riker. If we could shut that down, you could use the confusion to find your people. As a prisoner he would have been a focus for violence as his followers tried to free him. Now, he's a martyr. But the death toll might go down, at least in the short term. It's an imperfect solution for an imperfect world. (The boy appears, pointing a weapon at Alexana. A policeman has his weapon trained on the child) Already another one to take his place. It never ends.
