(a beautiful young blonde woman) Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. I still can't believe they chose me. There were lots of other people with better records. That's a nice way of saying that I haven't decided what I'm going to do with my life. Yes? I will, sir. And thank you. [Corridor] We're on deck seven, section four. I practically memorised the specs on the way over here. Is this for me? It's so big. Well, I could've brought my zoo. That's just what my parents call it. Three dogs isn't that many, is it? I could have a dozen. Mother said enough is enough. I'm sure going to miss 'em. Well, thanks for walking me down. Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no, no. I didn't mean it. (I count ten puppies) You guys can't stay here. (some vanish) Come on, all of you. (she picks up the last two) Hello. Come here, little one. You too. Come on, come on. (she puts them down and they vanish) [Medical lab] (Beverly is demonstrating a tricorder by using it on Amanda) So I should scan myself with each one to make sure all the readouts are working? Okay. Oh. Being posted on the Enterprise, I guess you don't get to see him very often? Do you have any other children? Was he old enough to know his father? My parents died when I was a baby too. I don't remember anything about them. Sometimes I wonder what they were like. Yeah, they're marine biologists. They've just been posted to the Bilaren system. Okay. [Shuttlebay two] (Amanda arrives carrying two suitcases) Now why are you bringing everything down in shuttlecraft? From the barystatic filters? I did a paper on eco-regeneration. A thousand? It's amazing to think that they go to such lengths to clean the air instead of regulating the emissions that cause the problem. Where most of the major conduits are routed. It's hard to imagine how much energy is being harnessed in there. It started happening about six months ago. Things that I would wish for would just suddenly appear. I thought I was going crazy. In a funny way, finding this out is kind of a relief. I'm ready. I don't understand. Not until I came here. The first time it happened was when the container almost fell on Commander Riker. What? I don't want to go anywhere. Leave me alone! I'm not going anywhere with you! [Ready room] You understand, don't you? It's just that I have these things that I want to do. I'm going to the Academy. I want a career, and I want to join Starfleet. It just seems so complicated now. These powers that I have are just going to stand in the way. I don't want to have to deal with it. He's so horrible. Yeah. I know. But I don't want any of this to disrupt my time here. I want to do everything that I'm expected to do, and I don't want you to treat me any differently. Please? Yes, ma'am. [Corridor] (a shadow darkens the wall) Come in. I'd like to ask you some questions. What exactly are the Q? No, just tell me. And what do you do with this power? Do you use it to help others? I'm not interested in any of those things. I'd like to know what my parents looked like. My real parents. What do you mean? I don't know how. They loved me. [Medical lab] Wait for it to be metabolised. Add another twenty? Wait for it to be metabolised over and over, and then wait till the bacilli can't be absorbed any more. Mitosis, right. Well, I just saw my parents. My real parents. Q showed me how. Can you imagine how that felt? You know, you were right. I can't ignore what's happened to me. I just don't know if I can cope with it. You know, when I saw them there, right in front of me, I realised that I caused this to happen. I wanted to see them and I did. If it were you, if suddenly you could have anything you wanted, what would it be? No, think about it. Really think. If suddenly you could make anything happen, what would it be? Would you bring your husband back? I am faced with it. I don't know if I'll ever get used to that. Well, I have to finish this experiment first. We're delivering live vaccine bacilli to Tagra. I'm supposed to find the best nutrient solution so we can keep them living while they're in stasis. Well, I think that I should finish it the way Doctor Crusher showed me. Well. I guess so. I'm not sure. I'll tell her to contact you. You could stay here and wait for her, if you, you know, wanted to. I am not. Doctor, Commander Riker was just here looking for you. He said he'd be in Shuttlebay Two. Yes. Q helped me. It took us about half the time that it would have normally taken us. I'm sorry, Doctor. Yes. But it's kind of hard. I keep ending up somewhere I don't want to be. But how do I know how? (Q vanishes) Doctor Crusher and Counsellor Troi. They're taking me to dinner. Yes. [Ten Forward] (Amanda has barely touched her food) It was at first, but actually now I'm enjoying myself. Commander Riker. Er, won't you join us? I thought it might be nice to spend some time alone together. Are you sure you wouldn't want to stay here with me for a while? The moonlight is so beautiful. Isn't it nicer here than at Ten Forward? Oh? I think it is. (She puts her arms around his neck) Don't you like me? Even just a little bit? My feelings are real. Can't I? (and with a small gesture) Do you love me? You're right. None of this is real. I thought it would be romantic, but it's empty. Just go back to Ten Forward. [Ready room] Kill me? But why? My parents? But what right do they have? Q? Answer me. Are you afraid to face me? What kind of choice? Or? Then I'm staying here. All I've wanted since this whole thing began is to become a normal human being again. I know I can resist. I couldn't let all those people die (Amanda summons Crusher) Ever since I got here, I've been fighting this. I've been denying the truth. Denying what I am. I am Q. Doctor Crusher, I've decided that I can't stay. I can't stay here. No. I want to go and see my parents first. It's going to take some time to explain all this, so you'll have to be patient. (Amanda hugs Beverly) I hope I can come back and see you.
