(a lovely mane of white hair) You do not understand, Captain. The choice of this world was not only because of environmental conditions. There were other more intangible concerns as well. When I came here twenty years ago, I was welcomed by the mountains, the rivers, the sky. Then you can respect the fact that this planet holds a deep spiritual significance for us. It has taken us two centuries to find this place. We do not want to spend another two hundred years searching for what we already have. Agreed. We will reconvene tomorrow. Thank you. We look forward to it. [Wesley's quarters] There was great deal of opposition. Even my own father was against it. But when Katowa made his decision, it was final. My father never said another word. So does his grandson. There are also times when a people sacrificed too much. When a people must hold on to what we have, even against overwhelming opposition. What do you know about your family, Captain? I would like to know more about your family. We have very strong ties to our ancestors. We believe their actions guide us even now. Knowing more about your family might help me to better understand you. Besides, it is always good to understand one's adversary in any negotiation. We know you will not take us from this land, Captain. When you first came to us, we did not know why you were sent by the Federation but we knew there must be a good reason. To us, nothing that happens is truly random. So we searched for the true reason you were sent. We did not find it until last night. Are you familiar with the Pueblo Revolt of sixteen eighty? Ten years later, the Spanish returned to reconquer the area. They were brutal. I would use the word savage. They killed hundreds of our people. Thousands more were maimed. The name of one of the soldiers was Javier Maribona-Picard. Your ancestor. That is why you have come to us, to erase a stain of blood worn by your family for twenty three generations. [Village] I understand, Captain. And we are prepared to take that risk. Will the Cardassian government honour your agreement here? I was right, Captain. You did not take us from our land and you have wiped clean a very old stain of blood. Captain's log, stardate 47755.3. The Enterprise is preparing to leave Dorvan Five, but former cadet Wesley Crusher will be staying behind. [Transporter room]
