This is Salia of Daled Four. No, that will not be necessary. Just show us to our quarters, Captain Picard. Please, Salia, walk ahead with me. No. You must remain here where it is safe. Salia, do an old woman a favour and obey me for the rest of this trip. Salia will remain behind. I will be right there. You are a leader. And I am older than you could ever imagine. [Ten forward] What is that? What are you doing? I wasn't aware that the deuterium control conduit required routine adjustments. (She goes up in the lift to join Geordi) In this case you seem to have found a malfunction. It could also lead to excess prion production. Unless, of course, it too is malfunctioning. I will be back to check your progress. [Corridor] (Outside Salia's quarters, Wesley is stopped by the security guard) What's wrong with him? That disease is contagious. But there is a chance. I cannot rely on your primitive technologies. Kill the patient! Destroy the patient. Immediately! If you won't take action, then I will! (She morphs into a big nasty version of the furry creature she was with Salia) Do not interfere! His disease threatens Salia. That's not good enough! Your powers are infinitesimal compared to mine. Very. You are the protector of this ship, are you not? You must understand my duties as well. If you confine me to this cell, I cannot protect Salia. You must understand that I cannot make such an assumption. No. A true protector cannot have two charges. Your responsibility is to the ship. My duty is to Salia. You know I'm stronger than you. You underestimated me in your Sickbay. That is usually fatal. I ceased my struggle by choice, not because of you or your Captain. No, you cannot control me. Leave her alone! (to Salia) Come with me. [Engineering] It is my duty to protect you from danger. There is always danger from one who is not your kind. Salia, he's confusing you. You're forgetting you responsibilities. It is not! I raised you, I protected you and I intend to deliver you to Daled Four! Salia, please. I know it's difficult for you. But you must do what you are destined to do. [Bridge] You should not have disobeyed me. I warned you to leave her alone. Captain's log, stardate 42568.8. Since Anya's powers of transformation apparently gave her the ability to escape her guards unnoticed, we have sealed her quarters with a forcefield that will contain her no matter how small a form she may take. [Bridge] Salia will be with you in just a moment. (Worf leaves) No. My duties have been completed. I have done all that I could. I hope it was enough. I would not have harmed the boy, I only wanted to frighten him. You are ready for what awaits you and you will do well. I know that I have been hard on you, but I wanted to prepare you for anything you might be required to do. Probably not. But anything is possible. I hope he's right. The third moon is within range of this ship's transporter, I shall go there. It was my home before we went away. I know. (Salia goes to the door, and it opens) You will be happy to see me leave. Thank you. At heart, we are very much alike. Perhaps we shall fight again. On the same side.
