My assistant, Tayna. Well, let's get on with it, shall we? My wife, Manua. Of course I'm prepared. Fine, whatever. I must say, Commander, I resent this early arrival. Starfleet will get its converter. I've had a few setbacks, that's all. Tayna, show the Commander's assistant whatever he wants to see. Give him full access to our records. Riker, what is Starfleet doing here anyway? My delivery wasn't scheduled for another three months. The Enterprise just left you here? I hardly I knew I'd find you with him. Did you think I didn't notice how you looked at him? I'm not the fool you take me for. You won't get away with this. I'll see to it. I swear I will, Riker. (Apgar and Manua leave) I suppose if I make a formal complaint, your report on my work won't be very good. My wife and my assistant have transported down to the planet. What are you going to put in your report, Riker? That there is no justification for all the extra dicosilium I've requested? That is why they sent you early, isn't it? I can explain why I needed it. They have no idea what my problems are. There are explanations for all of it. Then we have nothing further to say to each other. Do that. I just need time. A little more time. You do that so much better than I do. (they kiss) Manua, someday I'll be able to reward you for all your patience. I'll get you everything you ever dreamed of. My assistant, Tayna. Well, let's get on with it, shall we? My wife, Manua. I'm anxious to get started. I must say I resent your early arrival, Commander I have much work to do. Fine. Whatever. Starfleet will get its Krieger wave converter. These things take time. I've had a few setbacks, that's all. Tayna, I'll call up the records. Show the Commander's assistant whatever he wants to see. To success. Well, in a way, I suppose it's good that you're early. Manua's right, it gives me a chance to show you the progress we've been making. Well, if you wish, Commander. Now, where shall I start? Well, first of all, you should know that I am very close to being able to collimate a Krieger field. [Holodeck - Space Station Guest quarters] I knew you'd try this, Riker. Do you think I didn't notice how you looked at her? I'm not the fool you take me for. (Apgar takes a swing at him, gets blocked and is given two punches to the stomach in return) You won't get away with this. Your career is over. I'll see to it. I swear I will, Riker. I knew I'd find the two of you together. Do you think I didn't notice how you were looking at each other? I'm not the fool you take me for. (Riker swings and misses, and Apgar floors Riker with three good punches) I'm going to report this, Riker. You can count on that. I want you to take Manua and beam down to Tanuga immediately. I'm not leaving him here alone. He's capable of anything. I've got to protect our work. No. I'll take care of that. It'll be all right. Go on. Fine. Whatever. Starfleet will get its Krieger wave converter. These things take time. I've had a few setbacks, that's all. Manua, someday I'll be able reward you for all your patience. I'll get you everything you ever dreamed of. No, I'll take care of that. What are you going to put in your report, Riker? That there's no justification for all the extra dicosilium I've requested? That is why they sent you early, isn't it? I can explain why I needed it. They have no idea what my problems are. There are explanations for all of it. Then we have nothing further to say to each other. Do that.
