Station log, stardate 46458.3. Today we configured the relay controller grid. It was the last primary system we had to overhaul. We are scheduled to recalibrate and align the antennae systems in the next three days. Sent in my third request for a message delay buffer. Until it arrives, Lieutenant Rocha and I have rigged a memory module to compensate. It better work, or about a half million subspace messages are going to end up drifting through space. Computer, open Uhnari correspondence file. Hello, Shiana. Sorry I haven't talked to you in a while but I've been dealing with the new Lieutenant, Rocha. So far he's been rude, arrogant and condescending, and he's only been here two days. This might be a long year. I had the dream again. Mother's calling out my name. She's somewhere in the house. I get to the top of the hill all right, but then the house is slanted. I'm still walking uphill. I can't find her. Doors everywhere and they all look the same. [Sickbay] Hello, Shiana. By the time you get this the Batarael will be over. This is the first time I haven't been there. I've been wondering, who's singing the Horath in my place. (sings) Jomiael hahnalia ma marou nitalia. Rumael tavariel fatra di va Jomiael. (next letter) I had that dream again. The one where Mother is screaming. I climb the hill to our house but I can't get to her. Shiana, this time I ran away. I was so scared I ran back down the hill. I think I know why I've been having the dreams about danger. It's because of what's been happening with that Klingon. He's getting more aggressive all the time. Not just the usual threat. (Geordi rewinds the message) It's because of what's been happening with that Klingon. He's getting more aggressive all the time. Not just the usual threat. Morag actually locked his disruptors to the station this time. I don't think there'll be any trouble. It just brings up those feelings of panic, of wanting to run, wanting to get away from danger. Shiana, I couldn't say this to anyone but you, but the panic? It's the same thing I used to feel whenever Father got angry, when I knew he was going to punish me. Only now, I'm out here in space, and there's no place to run. [Ready room] Shiana, you always said I'd look great with a wig, so here it is. What do you think? (taking the huge construction off) Okay, maybe I'm getting a little crazy. You would too, if you were stuck on a relay station in the middle of nowhere with no one for company except an egomaniac like Keith Rocha. I took a big risk today. I countermanded an order he gave. I agreed to handle the comm. traffic for Relay Station one nine four while they shut down for maintenance. Rocha said we couldn't handle the additional signal load, but I think he's wrong. When he finds out he'll be furious. It's days like this I wish I was home. You know what I miss most? Muskan seed punch. Real Muskan seed punch. You can get it from the replicator, but it's not the same. I'd give anything for some of the punch Mother used to make with chunks of the seeds still in it. (noises off) Keith, is that you? Keith? (recording ends) [Relay Station ops] We were running a level two diagnostic of the message buffer, Nothing special. Rocha had been on edge all morning, but he'd been irritable ever since he got there, so I didn't think anything of it. We were halfway through the procedure when suddenly he attacked me. He grabbed me, threw me against a bulkhead. I yelled at him to stop but he wouldn't listen. He took me by the throat. I broke free and tried to get to the weapons locker. I'm not sure what happened next but somehow I got aboard the shuttle and left. I don't know, sir. Maybe I passed out. I'm not even sure how long I was in the shuttle before the Klingons picked me up. I must have cut my head when he pushed me against the bulkhead. No, I didn't. I don't remember exactly what happened to me after I was attacked. I'm sorry. It's as if all my memories were drained out of me. Absolutely not. Who? Maura! Come here, girl. Come on, Maura. Yes, it's from Cold Moon Over Blackwater. Have you read it? Not many people are nowadays. Oh, your shoe. Maura, shame on you. That's not like you. What a naughty dog. Actually I've been stuck on that station for over nine months. I wouldn't mind going someplace with some activity. Thank you. Mmmm. Have you ever tried Muskan seed punch? You have to be raised on it. It's very nutritious. The taste grows on you. You speak Hahliian. We never travelled. My family lived in the same house for five generations. How do you know about that? All of it? I'm sorry. It's just that I tell my sister things I wouldn't tell anyone else. I guess I was feeling a little exposed. Especially if I had seen you in that wig. I'm curious. Now that you've met me, am I what you expected? In what way? Is that a personal question or part of a murder investigation? Keith Rocha was obnoxious from the minute he reported to duty. He treated me as though I was beneath contempt. I felt like I had to battle him to hold my own. But I didn't want to see him dead. I don't know. [Ready room] How much longer do you think the investigation will take? I know I'm a suspect in the murder, but let me ask you something. You've watched my logs. You know me better than anyone here. Do I seem like the kind of person who could murder someone? I don't think I realised how much I needed to hear that. You called me complicated. You're right. I don't make friends easily. Oumriel. (she strokes his face and goes into her quarters) I told you I don't remember what happened. Maybe I did make to the weapons locker. Rocha and I had our disagreements but that does not mean I would kill him. No. Nothing. I suppose maybe in self-defence I Yes, I did. I found a letter Rocha was planning to send to Starfleet Command about me. The letter said I had become belligerent and insubordinate. He was going to ask for a formal hearing. Geordi, I know how this looks. I didn't kill him. I was afraid if they found the letter they'd blame me for the murder. I'm not a model officer. I realise that. Sometimes I act on impulse instead of thinking things through. Getting out of here. I'm scared, Geordi. Then you believe me? I haven't been this close to someone in a long time. I don't want to let go of it. All right, but first there's something I want to share with you. A way that we can become more intimate. My people are partially telepathic. We use something called the Canar to help focus our thoughts. We also use the Canar for a stronger emotional link during love. (Aquiel picks up a crystal from her display stand) Let's find out. (they kneel either side of the bed, with the Canar in the middle. Aquiel reaches for Geordi's visor. He takes her hands and guides them) Think of me. [Sickbay] Geordi? You've never been as close to someone as you're about to be. Think of me. (the door opens. Geordi grabs for his visor as Riker gestures with his phaser) What are you saying? Then maybe I did take the phaser. So he turned on Maura. I guess I'll be going to Starbase two twelve for re assignment. Really? I'm sure the waiting list so long I'd be grey before I got here. It's an appealing offer, but I think I'd rather get here on my own merits. Don't be surprised if you see my name on that list. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
