Nice catch. Wonderful reflexes. Sorry to test you like that, but I was curious. (It is a young woman in breeches and braces) Toy? This is the most incredible android I've ever seen. Actually, no. You're the first. Cybernetic intelligence fascinates me. Are your neural pathways duotronic? I didn't know that was possible! What's your memory capacity? How many operations per second? I have a million questions. I'm Ard'rian McKenzie. Perhaps I can help you. [Observation lounge] (Le Forge and O'Brien enter) You really think we'll have to leave Tau Cygna Five? Maybe because you're an android. I don't think Gosheven likes the idea of machines ordering him around. Of course. Because of that fact. I don't have any silly prejudice against computers. I like them. Not that any computer we have is half as sophisticated as you are. (Data looks around) People can be selfish, irrational, stubborn, malicious, you name it. But computers don't have those failings. Gosheven, you're talking nonsense. Stubborn and irrational. Now what do we do? I hope not. Don't you mean, if we can convince? [Ready room] Data? We're having an effect. So many people are asking questions about the Sheliak that Gosheven has called a public meeting. No. But a meeting will give you the chance to present your recommendations. You appeared to need it. You don't really understand human behaviour, do you? Sometimes I don't either. androids are a lot more rational. A rational argument isn't always enough. Maybe to be more persuasive, you need to use a little reverse psychology. A little. But if it helps us get our point across. Remembered by who? Is buried on that mountain. Well, who'll be left to bury you? Get them together and we'll meet at my house. [Ready room] Kentor, are you with us? They respect you, too. If you take a stand, they'll fall in line. Since when is talk trouble? Damn you, Gosheven. I was afraid your neural pathways were scrambled beyond repair. I'm not surprised at Gosheven's behaviour. But Kentor and the others, they said they were with us. I guess words don't mean very much. What's a phaser? You're using your own neural subprocessors to build a smarter phaser. He'll try to stop you. Hi. The evacuation plan is going well. When the ship arrives, we'll be ready to leave. You succeeded. Good. Then you won't forget me. But nothing more? I guess what I really want to know is, do you have any feelings for me? No, of course you don't. (Data kisses her) What was that for? So you saw I was unhappy and did what you concluded would make me feel better. Rational to the last. (Data gets back in the shuttle and closes the door) Bye. [Ready room]
