Time's up. I'm disappointed. I expected my tenants to take better care of my property. Punish? Who said anything about punishing? I merely expect your end of our contract to be upheld. And don't talk like some ancient prophet around me, with thees and thous and most powerful ones. It was appealing for a few centuries, but I bore easily. And stop cowering. When I want you on your knees, I'll let you know. (to Picard) Much better. a fine example for the others. Who would you be? Keep up the good work. Now, the first thing we'll need is an accounting of all you've been accumulating for me. (a scroll appears in her hand) This form will provide guidelines for a full census of the population, with emphasis on productivity and economic forecasts. My, you are forceful, aren't you? Good. I like my men to be forceful. At least at the start. That's all right. I like a challenge. Well, it's true. Of course, I wouldn't put it so melodramatically. It's just a standard contract with an unusually long term. I have many names, my pale friend. I'm Mendora in the Berussian Cluster. Torak to the Drellians. The Klingons call me Fek'lhr. But here on Ventax Two, I am called Ardra. The same Ardra who negotiated a contract with these people ten centuries ago today. Oh, you doubt me. A non-believer. Really, Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise, no doubt you have travelled the galaxy, encountered a diverse universe of creatures. Is there no room for the likes of me? The devil! Now there's one I haven't heard in a long time. That's correct. A long-winded description of a very simple business arrangement. I did away with their wars, famine and economic ruin, and provided them a thousand years of paradise. My terms were clearly stated. They went into this with their eyes open. I'm sure you'll find everything is in order. I have intrigued you, haven't I, Picard? Hostages? Is this true? Yes, I do have that effect on people. See that the hostages are released. Now. Let us not cloud this with bit players, Picard. You will not leave because you find me irresistible. (she vanishes) Your chair offers a lovely view of my planet, Picard. Come, sit with me. By force? You disappoint me. You didn't strike me as that sort, Picard, But by all means, try. I was really hoping you'd try it yourself. (in uniform) Yes, sir, Captain. Whatever you say. I pity you. We live in a universe of magic, which evidently you cannot see. Ah, my pale friend has returned. Have you finished examining the contract? Such speed and accuracy. You're much too talented to be human. Android. Of course. How wonderful. An unexpected bonus. Yes. When the contract came to term, I gained clear title to the planet, anything on the surface, in the air or in orbit. So you see, the Enterprise belongs to me now as well. Oh, I've arranged for a bit of privacy. (Picard gets up and walks to the door, but it doesn't open) Just the two of us. Oh, come now, Picard. You know you find me tantalising. Give in to your desires. Easily fixed. (Victorian clothing) I can be your ideal woman, Picard. Prim and proper. And chaste, until I succumb to your charms. Or would your fantasies turn more toward a professional woman, one perhaps who wears a Starfleet uniform? Perhaps I could even be I could give you a night that would light fire in your dreams until you die and you would reject me? You shall regret that. Oh, but you will. (and Picard vanishes) [Science station] So, I trust you have a bit more respect for me now. I've done nothing with your ship. My ship is safely in my possession. An arbitration? There's nothing here to arbitrate. Do you not believe what you see with your own eyes? Your ship is gone, Captain. You underestimate me. But then, most people do, until it's too late. I also have nothing to gain. I already have possession of this planet and your ship. The Zaterl Emerald? You know where it is? Oh, you are too clever. But I have enough jewels. If you wish this foolish arbitration, I will choose my own prize. You. By all rights, your body is already mine, but I want more. I want your heart, your mind, your soul, and I want you to give them to me without resistance, of your own free will. So, do you still wish to pursue this most dangerous game? Oh, Picard, I will enjoy you morning, noon and night. Very well. I choose Mister Data. Any objections? Of my crew. And he's an android. He is incapable of deceit or bias. He has no feelings to get in the way of his judgment. And then what happened? I suppose you want a thousand year old witness? Jared. In the contract, does it specify how you would know me when I return? Anything else? And all of these occurred on schedule? Thank you. Your honour, I submit that I have established my identity as stated by the contract. Thank you, your Honour. Now, when I first set foot on Ventax Two, what did I offer your people? Now why do you think they would strike such a bargain? Until I came along. I withdraw the observation. No further questions. Your Honour, Captain Picard as a new visitor to my planet has been a consistent doubter of my abilities. I would like to ask him a few questions, if I may. Please don't take any offence at these questions, you know how fond I am of you. You do not believe my powers are real, do you. Then, sir, may I ask you to explain this. (the ground shakes) Or this? (Picard vanishes) Or this? (he's big, red, and has goat's horns) I am sorry, your Honour, but can you explain it, Picard? Yes or no. I rest my case, your Honour. [Science station] Objection. The advocate is drawing conclusions. Just two questions. Is there any doubt in your mind, any doubt at all, that if I had not intervened, the terrible conditions here would have continued? I remind you that you're under oath. Then, as former head of state for the Ventaxian people, you are satisfied that I fulfilled my part of the bargain? Thank you. Your Honour, what more can be said? Both sides agree the terms of the contract have been fulfilled. That's right, and you will again. Objection, your honour! Er, of course. I like the tremors. Of all the impudence. You had no right Your Honour, under the circumstances, I believe it is only fair that I release the Ventaxians from their obligation and I will let them keep the peace they have, and I will just be on my way. (but her exit is blocked by guards Jared has just summoned) You would have had a lot more fun if you'd lost. Till we meet again, Jean-Luc Picard of the Starship Enterprise. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
