(vaguely leonine) What's the problem? How long will it take to repair? We're not stopping. We can't afford to be sitting helpless in space. I want warp eight available in five hours, and I don't want to hear your excuses. (Narik goes to his console) What were you doing on Barradas Three? Oh really? Well, I am Arctus Baran and I don't have a number. Now what were you doing on Barradas Three, Commander? Don't patronise me. Those ruins have been studied for centuries. There's nothing new to learn from them. Don't bother, Commander, you can't remove it. It's a neural servo connected directly to your nervous system. It lets me control precisely how much pain you feel. This setting is usually sufficient. However, if necessary, it can go much higher. These devices were the idea of my predecessor. It's a convenient way of enforcing discipline. He failed to enforce it with me. You should be more patient, Vekor. It might be rewarding. We will wait. Let the memory of his pain argue with him for a while. It might change his attitude. (the Romulan woman takes Riker out of the way) Dangerous? It might be profitable. A Starfleet Commander is a valuable hostage. This discussion is over. Get back to your post, Vekor. (a smooth-headed human turns to face the camera) I don't need a consensus to run this ship, Galen. (the lights go down) What's going on? You should learn not to limit your options. Riker could be very useful to us in the future. How do you know all this? What have you done? Where's the malfunction? Seal off the intermix chamber. (pushing Picard aside) Get out of the way. No, we'll be stranded here. Go! You do as he says. If you fail Do it. Put him in quarters for now. What are you doing here? No one conducts an interrogation on this ship without my permission. Is that understood? (Picard walks to the door, keeping eye contact with Baran all the time, and kicks Riker for good measure) [Mercenary Bridge] Our next objective should prove an interesting challenge. We're headed for the Sakethan burial mounds on Calder Two. I don't see that as a problem. I'm familiar with the tactical situation. Nothing to worry about. They have a type four deflector shield protecting the outpost and the ruins. Our weapons are more than a match for their defences. I anticipate that we'll be able to destroy the outpost within fifteen minutes. Then we'll send in Tallera and the landing party to secure the relics. All right, we'll try it. We'll be at Calder Two within five hours. You all know your duties. I want this ship prepared for battle, in case your plan doesn't work. [Mercenary cargo hold] (Picard is scanning artefacts already in storage) This isn't working. They're delaying on purpose. Someone has warned them. Charge main disruptor array. Destroy the outpost. (Picard leaps across and knocks Vekor from her console) What are you doing? The artefacts should be located in several small structures arranged in staggered formations. Lock coordinates and start bringing them up. (some pieces of broken pottery arrive on the pad) There should be at least two more pieces down there. I need those artefacts. Lock all disruptors on target. This time I want that outpost destroyed. (they are hit by weapons fire) [Bridge] You sent them a message. You told them where to find us. This is set to kill. Order your ship to disengage. Activate visual. [Bridge] Tell him! Do it. [Bridge] Fire. (Picard presses a red button and two red beams repeatedly strike the Enterprise's starboard nacelle) To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Those ruins have been studied for centuries. There's nothing new to learn from them. Fire. And now, the conclusion. [Bridge] (the weapons fire definitely hits the starboard nacelle) Continue firing! Transfer weapons control to my station. There's a way to bypass the relays and feed power (another hit) We've done enough damage. Narik, set course one eight zero, mark two one five. Warp six. Initiate. [Bridge] How long will it take to repair our battle damage? You have three hours, Narik. One minute beyond that and you'll answer for it with your life. I suppose I should thank you. None of us would be alive if it weren't for you. That's enough. Galen, go down to the cargo hold and check out those artefacts. Move. [Mercenary Cargo hold] (Tallera enters) Good. Bring it to me immediately. Don't let anyone get near it. Very. It means we've completed half of what promises to be a very profitable mission. And even better than that, I'm almost ready to get rid of your friend Galen. There's one more artefact to find. Once Galen confirms that it's genuine, his usefulness on this ship will come to a very sudden end. Galen might be a loud mouthed fool, but sometimes he's quite perceptive. His observations about you, for instance. After what you did on Calder Two, I doubt if you have much of a future in Starfleet. Well, assuming that you were not my prisoner, what would you do now? Well, possibly. However, there's one thing that I have learned on this ship, and that's to be cautious and never to blindly embrace what might appear to be good fortune. And right now, you're a rather large stroke of good luck. Such as? Well, it's enough to know right now that your share will ensure a very wealthy and long life far from the Federation. It is, only you're going to have to earn it. And you can start by putting aside your dislike for Galen and becoming his friend. Galen has allies on this ship. They could cause trouble if I decide to kill him. I want you to find out from him who they are. One more thing, Riker. When the time comes, I want you to kill Galen. [Bridge] (science station) The Enterprise. Quiet! All that matters now is that the Enterprise has the second artefact in their possession. We don't have a choice. We'll have to board the Enterprise and take the artefact. No, I don't. But he does. Galen, if you're so worried about Riker, then you can go on the raiding party and watch him. Draw weapons and equipment for a raiding party of five. (Picard leaves) If you're thinking of betraying us to your friends on the Enterprise, you might remember that I still have the ability to kill you at the first sign of trouble. I have an additional task for you, one that will prove your loyalty. This raid is an opportunity to get rid of Galen. Once you've found that artefact, kill him. [Observation lounge] Set course three one zero mark two one five, warp six. (the four raiders walk in) Where is it? (Picard throws the stone to Baran) Oh, really? And who would that be, Galen? You? He's plotted this all along, opposed me at every turn, endangered all of us by refusing to follow his orders. Not quite. As long as I have this, I'm still Captain of this ship. I don't have to kill you all. Just you, Galen. (Baran presses the button, then collapses in agony and dies)
