Trouble? Why would there be trouble? Is that a fact? Look, pal, why don't you do me a favour. Take yourself and your holier than thou attitude and get out of my life. (He pushes Geordi away, sending him tumbling over a chair) (drinking) Here's to insubordination. (Then he gets Riker in an arm and neck lock) Riker, you're nothing but a pretty mannequin in a fancy uniform. You're full of hot air. If Picard has a problem with me, you can tell him to come and talk to me himself. (Geordi leaves, fast, as Barclay swaggers over to Troi) It'll have to wait till later, darling. Be right there. Save programme. [Cargo bay] (stuttering) No. No, sir. I'm, I'm very sorry, sir. It's just I had a very important communiqué which required my immediate response and Understood, sir. Captain's log, Stardate 43807.4. We are taking on a load of special tissue samples donated by the Mikulaks for shipment to Nahmi Four. The samples could prove vital to the containment of an outbreak of Correllium Fever on that world. [Cargo bay] Everything looks it looks normal to me. I, I don't understand. I'll disassemble it later, Commander. It shouldn't do that. Well, I mean, of course, it shouldn't do that. Well, I mean, it shouldn't do that. [Ready room] Oh, it's, er, I still haven't traced down the problem, Commander. I've been planning to run diagnostics on the graviton invertor circuits. I'll see you get a preliminary report. Before the end of the day. The briefing? Me? What on? Do, do, do you want me to prepare a I'll be on time, sir. Yes. It wasn't a maintenance problem. Everything checked out. I, I'm going to check for a surge in the transfer coils. I, I, I realise that I, I was going to. I just didn't know what to say. I should have told him to mind his own damned business. I knew about the flux capacitor. I didn't need to hear about it from some seventeen year old kid. You think so? You don't know. It's hard out there. You're right, of course. I'd like that. That's nice, but I'm in the mood for someplace a little more unusual. Computer. Run Barclay programme fifteen. (And the office transforms into) [Holodeck - Glade] (Deanna is in Grecian robes) Well, I was just. No, not really. Why? I had, I was going to do that. Yes. To, to try to explain the anti-grav unit failure. I still can't. Nothing about it makes sense. What? No, it wasn't. I mean, not really. No, No, sir. We'll have to shut off some systems. We'll shut them down a few at a time. It shouldn't. I don't think so. If you will excuse me. (Barclay leaves) I will speak with my sword, sir. Self taught, my capitaine. Shall I give you a few lessons? (Naturally, Barclay is completely victorious) Jean-Luc. Not that old trick. I'm very disappointed in you. (Geordi coughs, Reg turns, and the bottom falls out of his world) [Ten Forward] I'll make it easy for you, Commander. I'll request reassignment. Look, we both know, the whole ship knows, I just can't cut it here. You're, you're not going to tell anyone about this? well, it was just. I needed to blow off some steam because one, one of the officers had been getting on my back. It was you, and I just couldn't tell you what I wanted to tell you to your face, so it just sort of got out of control. It's, it's, I, when I'm in there I'm just more comfortable. You don't know what a struggle this has been for me, Commander. Being afraid all the time, of forgetting somebody's name, not knowing what to do with your hands. I mean, I'm the guy who writes down things to remember to say when there's a party. And then when he finally get there, he winds up alone in the corner trying to look comfortable examining a potted plant. Just shy. Sounds like nothing serious, doesn't it? You can't know. Troi? No, no, no, no, no. I couldn't. No. Yes. No. Yes, but she, it wasn't. It wasn't really a counsellor. Not at all. Why? You do? What are you going to do? Much better. Oh, yes. Oh, yes, that's, that's much better. That is extremely helpful. Thank you for your time. Really. That's very helpful. In through the nose, out through the mouth. I'm going to practise that and I'll let you know. Thank you again. (And he beats a rapid retreat) [Bridge] I just couldn't keep my eyes open. I'd worked twelve hours on the power systems and then, then the transporter went down. I know. I didn't want to. I just couldn't help myself. Really? You know, the people I create in there are more real to me than anyone I meet out here, except maybe you, Commander. I think we should drop out of warp. It's the injectors. It's not a computer problem. The mechanism is physically jammed. I can't clear it. [Bridge] The tests showed there were problems, I mean no problems with the flow, the flow of the. What if, what if, what if one of us is the connection? I don't know, but we're looking for a systemic explanation and there isn't one. We work with all the systems that are affected. What if we're transmitting something ourselves by touching it, or something. But if it were something, something that we couldn't scan, you might've passed it to the injectors when you were realigning the magnetic capacitors. Jakmanite has a half life of fifteen seconds. There wouldn't be enough time to spread it around the ship. The Mikulaks might still be using it. There it is. If we can get it, the invidium, down to minus two hundred degrees Celsius, it'll become inert. It has been most difficult to reach this decision to leave you, but after thinking about it and discussing it at length with Counsellor Troi, I think it's for the best. I just wanted to thank you all for your support. I know. That's why it's so difficult to leave. It's been fun. Computer, end programme. (And the Bridge is replaced by the holodeck grid) Erase all programs filed under Reginald Barclay. (turns to leave) Except programme nine. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Yes, of course. Every summer, you came to Bergerac. Playing near the Porte de Nesle. (he catches his hat on the scenery and it comes off) No more than a hundred. No. (sotto) What? Let it go. Let it go. You tell me what you were going to say. Do you dare? Ah! Ah! Beautiful? With me? Nothing. It is my hand. He is in the Guards? Ah. I promise. Oh, but I have done better since. (polite applause) We have a patient teacher. Thank you, Counsellor. After more rehearsals than I can count. You think so? I, I guess. Well, I just feel more more comfortable playing somebody else. Maybe all this is not any better than escaping into a holodeck fantasy. Maybe you're right. Captain's log, stardate 44704.2. We have arrived at the Argus Array, a remote subspace telescope at the very edge of Federation space. The unmanned structure mysteriously stopped relaying its data nearly two months ago. [Bridge] Electromagnetic band? I'm picking up visual wavelengths only. Between forty five hundred and seven thousand angstroms. Nothing. No, no modulation. Commander? Thanks for assigning me to this mission. There's still no modulation. You shouldn't have to wait too long for the results. Couldn't you use a global mode in your scanner? It would be a lot faster. A cell has a an electromagnetic signature just like a circuit element does. Theoretically, it should work with just a few adjustments. I could set it up for you, if you'd like. (Red alert sounds) [Bridge] To the emitters. Yes, sir, I'm already on it. Ready. Lieutenant Barclay to Captain Picard. You can fire photon torpedoes. [Bridge] You're welcome, Captain. Barclay out. I'm sorry if I overstepped my authority. Well, it just occurred to me that I could set up a frequency harmonic between the deflector and the shield grid using the warp field generator as a power flow anti-attenuator, and that of course naturally created an amplification of the inherent energy output. I don't agree. We could repair all of the reactors simultaneously instead of one by one. Yes, sir. Not entirely. The core memory is still intact, and we could programme a completely new control system. I could have it ready for you in two days. If you could assist me in the morning, Commander. The moon, yes, that'll be my home, my paradise. I shall find there all the souls I love. Socrates, Galileo. And when I arrive they will question my worthiness. What the devil is he doing there among us? Philosopher, scientist, poet, musician, duellist! Here lies Hercule Savinien De Cyrano de Bergerac. I would not have you weep any less for that charming, good, and handsome Christien. I only ask this, that as the great cold surrounds my bones, you allow a double meaning for your mourning veil. And when you let fall your tears fall for him, some few will be for me. Same time, day after tomorrow? Of course, please. Sit down, Counsellor. I'm getting prepared for tomorrow's meeting in Engineering. We're planning our repair strategy. You're a very forgiving audience. Is that a professional opinion? No, it's true. I can't explain it. In the last few days I've found confidence I never knew was there. Must you? Wouldn't you like to take a walk with me through the arboretum? The zalnias should be in bloom. I don't need a counsellor. What I need is the company of a charming, intelligent woman. G of t over G naught. I still don't see how you're going to incorporate quantum principle into general relativity without adjusting the cosmological constant a lot more than you're doing here. I don't think I could deal with that. If the semiset curved into the subatomic, the infinities might cancel each other out. I'm sorry, Commander. Thank you, Professor. End programme. [Corridor] I had some ideas late last night. I needed to consult with the computer about some quantum electrodynamic calculations. A holodeck Einstein programme seemed like the best way. I guess I went a little overboard. Not really. I just haven't thought along those lines before. It's all pretty evident now, and if you were to put your mind to it I'm sure What, because I'm beginning to behave like the rest of the crew? With confidence in what I'm doing? Yes, but Yes. I've finally become the person I've always wanted to be. Do we have to ask why? Probably somewhere between twelve hundred and fourteen fifty. Thermal levels up one hundred seventy seven percent. Comparable increase in neutron emissions. Yes, but our computer is too slow to direct the repairs. The parameters are changing too quickly for it to keep up. Brower, increase the intake of liquid helium three into the reactor wall. We've got to cool it off. Unclear. The interface isn't fast enough. I can't do anything from here. I have to find a better interface. Computer, begin new programme. Create as follows, workstation chair. (he sits in it) Now, create a standard alphanumeric console positioned for left hand. Now an iconic display console positioned for right hand. Tie both consoles into the Enterprise main computer core, utilising neural-scan interface. No problem. Here's how you build it. [Bridge] I think I can help you with that, Captain. The Cytherians have reintegrated me, sir. The probe was designed to instruct outsiders on how to reach this system. The technologies aren't always compatible. They failed with the Argus computer, and with the computer on board the shuttle, but they were able to reprogram me. You're both on the same mission, Captain. Yes, sir. The Cytherians are exploring the galaxy just as we are. The only difference is that they never leave their home. They bring others here. Their only wish, an exchange of knowledge. They want to know us. Captain's log, stardate 44721.9. After ten days in the company of the Cytherians, the Enterprise has been safely returned to Federation space. We bring back knowledge of their race that will take our scholars decades to examine. Lieutenant Barclay is apparently no worse for his experience. [Ten Forward] I remember doing everything. I just don't remember how or why. Smaller. Always seems to come back to that, doesn't it. I think I know what you're saying. Sure. You really, you really don't have to do that. May I? Checkmate in nine moves. I don't. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Commander, if we bridged our transporter system with theirs we might be able to cut through the ionic field. I'll ask Ensign Dern to join you. Shouldn't I stay here and set up the remote link? What do you? What exactly do you mean by a bumpy ride? Aye, sir. I'm sorry, I just can't do this. (and Reg leaves the transporter room) [Troi's office] (Barclay is pacing, upset) Tell that to Commander La Forge and the rest of the away team. No! Actually, this isn't the first time I've been apprehensive. Every single time that I tried to do it, I had a certain feeling. I guess you could call it mortal terror. Why? Because my career in Starfleet would be over, that's why. I've always managed to avoid it somehow. You wouldn't believe how many hours that I've logged in shuttlecraft. I mean, The idea of being deconstructed, molecule by molecule. It's more than I can stand. Even when I was a child, I always had a dreadful fear that if ever I was dematerialised that I would never come back again whole. I know it sounds crazy, but It does? How? Plexing? Plexing. Sounds easy enough. (Troi guides Barclay's fingers to the right place) You know, I feel better already. I think I can do this. No, no. We talked about confronting my fears. The best way out is through. You said that once, remember? I'm going to beam over there. I can do it. [USS Yosemite Bridge] (a compact design, including transporter pad on the 'bridge') Sure. Please proceed. Good. Good. You're afraid of transporting, too? Spiders? They've never bothered me. What happened? Thanks. Yes, sir. Aye, sir. Me too, sir. [Ready room] Barclay to Enterprise. One to beam back. We could try to reconstitute the data stream. Commander, has anything strange ever happened to you during transport? I don't know. Anything out of the ordinary. I mean, have you ever seen anything? In the, during transport. Just wondering. When I was returning to the Enterprise I could've sworn I saw something in the matter stream. There was phased matter all around. At first I thought it was some kind of energy discharge, but then it flew toward me and it touched my arm. How could something be in there? Molecules flying apart, half phased? I mean, it's impossible, isn't it? All right. [Transporter room] Yeah. No, Chief, you've done enough already. You know, maybe ignorance really is bliss. Well, if I didn't know so much about these things, maybe they wouldn't scare me so much. I can still remember the day in Doctor Olafson's Transporter Theory class when he was talking about the body being converted into billions of kiloquads of data, zipping through subspace, and I realised there's no margin for error. One atom out of place and poof! You never come back. It's amazing people aren't lost all the time. Yes, but you realise if these imaging scanners are off even a thousandth of a percent. I've heard of problems. What about transporter psychosis? Water, ten degrees Celsius. Computer, access Starfleet Medical Database. Tell me about, er. Describe the disorder transporter psychosis. No, no stop. All I need is, what causes it? What are the symptoms? Hallucinations? What kind of hallucinations? Computer what is the treatment for transporter psychosis? Aye, sir. I'm fine. Yes, thank you. (Barclay heads off to the Jefferies tubes) Yes, sir? I'm just fine, sir. I do? I think I'll do that, sir. Thank you. [Engineering] I'm walking. (so briskly that Troi almost has to run to keep up) Nowhere. I just don't get to these decks very often. Look, there's Stellar Cartography. I thought that was deck eleven. I was I was having trouble sleeping and I'm trying to wear myself out. It is a perfectly normal thing to be doing, isn't it? I'm always nervous. Everybody knows that. Well I was wrong. They checked the transporter and there wasn't. I mean, there was nothing there. I imagined the whole thing. Listen, Counsellor, I really appreciate your concern in this matter but I really wish you wouldn't continue this conversation. I'm really perfectly fine. I'm not endangering anyone else and I wish you would Fine, fine. Do what you have to do, Counsellor. [Barclay's quarters] (candles, a seashore soundtrack) Computer more birds. (cacophony) End stress reduction programme. Water. I don't care. Just give me water! (He downs it in a gulp then does some plexing) Calm, calm, stay calm. (gets into bed) All right, Computer, let's try some music. Something soothing. (but as the gentle violin plays, he sits up with a glowing arm again) [Transporter room] No. Chief, I've just, I've been reviewing the transport logs. What are these energy variations that keep appearing? There was one when I transported to the science ship, you see? A fluctuation occurred while I was inside the matter stream? I need you to transport me to the science ship and then directly back again. And while I'm in the beam, can you recreate one of those ionic fluctuations? I need. Commander La Forge wants some tricorder readings on those fluctuations. No, I, the transporter sensors may not be sensitive enough. I'm giving you an order, Mister O'Brien. Either there's something in there or I'm going crazy, and I've just got to know. You can understand that, can't you? I want you to wake the senior staff. [Observation lounge] (Crusher is scanning Barclay's arm) Then I saw it again, just twenty minutes ago. It was the same exact thing just moving around in the transporter beam. It was dark and distorted, and it had what looked like a mouth. Well, I thought I was hallucinating, that I had, that it was transporter psychosis. But now I know what I saw in there was real. I was the only one who experienced ionic fluctuations in the transport. Maybe that's why no one else saw it. I know what you're going to say, Captain. I know I've been acting strange lately. But you've got to believe me. I would never have called you in here unless I was absolutely certain. So something did happen to me in the transporter beam. Sir, Commander La Forge and I were planning to recreate the circumstances of the explosion on the Yosemite. That might give us some answers. Permission to continue with the experiment? Aye, sir. Yes, Doctor. [Engineering] Aye, sir. (the container fills with pink) The field is at its maximum limit, but it is holding. Life forms? Which caused a plasma explosion similar to the one on the science ship. But what I saw was much bigger than a microbe. Inside me? Suspend me? I don't like the sound of this. How long? But if I'm in the matter stream too long. Right. Energise. There are more crew members in the beam. You have to grab them and hold on. Well, when I saw there was more than one of them, I thought maybe the other crew was trying the same thing that we were. The residual energy from the plasma streamer. It must've amplified the charge in the buffer enough to keep your patterns from degrading. (Worf and the security team are beamed back with three more Yosemite crewmembers) Captain's log, stardate 46043.6. The reprogrammed biofilter was effective in removing the alien microbes from Mister Barclay and the four crewmembers. The microbes have been returned to the plasma streamer. [Ten Forward] Chief. Well, to be honest, I always avoided you. Because you run the transporters, and I hate the transporters. At least, I used to. So, what's in the box? It's your pet spider. She's very large. Sure. (my name-sake starts to climb Barclay's arm) Er, Chief?  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Sorry, Commander. I'm on my way to the holodeck. There must have been a glitch in the matrix diodes, but I'll track it down, don't worry. Computer, run a diagnostic on all Sherlock Holmes files. Display any anomalous programming sequences. Protected memory? Display those sequences. Computer unlock this sequence and run the programme. (everyone say hello to Moriarty, master criminal) Who are you? Moriarty. Oh, that's Sherlock Holmes' arch enemy. Are you left or right handed? No problem there. How would? How do you know the Captain? You know! You know what you are. That's not possible. Leave the holodeck? No, of course not. You can only exist in here. Hostage? Well, it l ooks like about four years. What are you talking about? You can't possibly have been aware of the passage of time. I don't see how that could be possible. Maybe there was a fragmentation of the protected memory circuits. He would not have forgotten his promise. The Captain would not do that. Well, I can ask. I'll have to store you in memory again until I get an answer. (Reg pulls out a chip and puts the cover back. Moriarty vanishes. Barclay leaves. Moriarty reappears with a sly smile.) Captain's log, stardate 46424.1. The Enterprise has arrived at the Detrian system to observe a unique celestial event the collision of two planets. [Engineering] Commander, you'll never believe what happened while I was working on your programme in the holodeck. Professor Moriarty appeared, out of nowhere. And he wants to talk to the Captain. [Corridor] Computer, begin Sherlock Holmes programme three A and place us in the drawing room at Two Twenty One B Baker Street. Computer, access protected memory and run Moriarty programme. It isn't. Even if we decided to do it, there's no guarantee that we'd be able to. I wonder, what would happen if we tried to beam a holodeck object off the grid? Unless, unless we could find a way to compensate for the phase variance. If we could modify the pattern enhancers we just might do it. Computer, run Sherlock Holmes Programme three A. Um, er, no. No, no. I'm not here to see anyone. I'm just here to deliver these. Actually, I have to put them right here. Well, it has to do with, er, it's nothing you need to worry about, Countess. It's really very simple. I need to enhance the molecular pattern of this chair so that the transporter can get a better lock on the signal. You, you, you know about that? You understand about the real world? Er, Barclay. Lieutenant Reginald Barclay. No, no, I haven't. Yes, I'm sure it was. You know about that? You know where we are? Countess, forgive me, but you just don't sound like a holodeck character. You, you gave her consciousness? Well I'm not so sure that's a good idea. Have you tried to take her off the holodeck yet? Well, we're going to try to transport this chair off the holodeck first. We didn't want to try it on the Countess until we were sure it would work. Barclay to Commander Data. [Transporter room] Standing by. [Transporter room] Do you have the chair, Commander? [Transporter room] Well, it was a long shot to begin with. So far, so good. This should be the holodeck on the real Enterprise. As far as Moriarty and the Countess know, they're half way to Meles Two by now. This enhancement module contains enough active memory to provide them experiences for a lifetime. Aye, sir. (everyone else leaves) Computer, end programme. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Blurred vision, dizziness, palpitations, a stinging sensation in the lower spine. It's Terrelian Death Syndrome, isn't it. Yes, well, this time I'm glad I did. Maybe we can stop the cellular decay before it's too late. You, you're sure? (scans himself) Then maybe it is Symbalene blood burn. My K threes? Oh, no. Doctor! My capillaries are shrinking! My intravascular pressure, it's going right through the roof. Electrophoretic activity? Is it serious? Eighty? Eighty years? So you mean I have bad genes? Thank you, Doctor. I feel much better. Me? Well, I'd be honoured. Really? That's hard to believe. You're such a sweet little kitty. So, has she picked a place? Cats usually like to pick a specific location to give birth. It's usually dark and secluded, and I believe this is it. (Barclay drops Spot down behind a chair) I'm curious, sir. Who's the father? You have nothing to worry about, sir. [Bridge] (Worf is getting frustrated at a science station) We removed the torpedo bay's primary guidance module and found a power fluctuation in the forward sensor cluster. Now we think it may be a radial imbalance in the phase discriminator. Now what we want to do next is run a level four diagnostic, but we're going to have to shut down auxiliary power to nineteen decks and The forward. It's, it's a power fluctuation in the converter nodes. It's a minor adjustment. It's minor. Looks like a plasma conduit cut out in junction seventeen. I'll go look at it. Here we are. Looks like a conduit ruptured. No problem, I'll just bypass it. Maybe we should run a biospectral analysis on the solvent. Take a closer look. You go ahead, sir. I'll take care of it. [Bridge] (who can't stay still) Sir, we've analysed the venom and compared it to the acidic compound found in junction seventeen and on decks ten and twelve. They all have the same enzymatic composition. Venom. I'd say so. So, this is my fault? And that's what er, and that's what caused me to devolve? Oh! You mean you want to name the disease after me? Barclay's Protomorphosis. It has a nice ring to it. Thank you, Doctor. (Barclay leaves)
