Come in, come in. I need a hand with this field generator. See if you can boost the power output to sixty five percent. Ah. Doctor Julian Bashir, Chief Medical officer, Deep Space Nine. And you are Commander? Commander Data. The synthetic lifeform. It's an honour to meet you, sir. I've heard so much about you. You must have a fascinating perspective into biocybernetic research. I'd be delighted if we could discuss the subject sometime. Ah, yes. I realise I should have asked before using your sickbay, but it would've taken me days to analyse this device with the computer I have on Deep Space Nine. It was discovered in the Gamma Quadrant. I think it must be some sort of medical instrument. I'm hoping it's a medical scanner. I wanted to use your computer to find out how it works. Splendid. I must admit, Commander I didn't think you'd be so personable. [Replimat] (a very wrinkled alien with the voice of the modern Zephram Cochrane approaches Worf while he is still eating the dodgy pasta) Right. Data, can I ask you a personal question? Does your hair grow? Just curious. You're breathing. And you have a pulse. Your creator went to a lot of trouble to make you seem human. I find that fascinating. I'll monitor the coil's transfer rate. Will you keep an eye on the transient power response? Power levels are holding steady. Hold on. I'm picking up a power surge. Reduce the transfer rate. The power connections blew. It sent out some kind of plasma shock. Data, are you all right? Data, perhaps we're going about this the wrong way. Well, maybe you had a dream or a hallucination. Yet you can't account for what happened today, can you? Well maybe you should approach this from a more human standpoint. You're right that machines can't have hallucinations, but then again, most machines can't grow hair. [Ten Forward] (Data is about to speak, then changes his mind) We're ready. Power levels are rising. But the plasma shock activated them prematurely. I'm curious. Now that those circuits are active, what are you going to do with them? It sounds to me like you're talking about dreaming. Remarkable. You know, this is just the kind of thing that might get me published in the Starfleet Cybernetics Journal. Would you mind if I authored a paper on all this? Thank you, Data. And sweet dreams. (and Sid pads off down the corridor, wearing the pink overshoes designed to reduce sound on stage) [Meeting hall] (Worf climbs over the wall and follows the sound of singing to a table by a fire)
