Thank you. This sapling is planted as an affirmation of life in defiance of the drought and with expectations of long life. Whatever comes, we will keep it alive as a symbol of our survival. Kamin! You're back on your feet! How do you feel, my friend? In charge? What ship is that? The fever. It's taken your memory. Anything, my friend. Yes. Batai. Council leader Batai. For more than a week. Eline should've put you in the hospital, but she insisted on caring for you herself. Your wife. If you don't remember that, maybe it's safer not to go home. Perhaps you should see the doctor. This is the community of Ressik. Northern province. Let me take you back home. This is the planet Kataan. But you've been ill for a week. Kamin, Eline, good morning. Are you ready? The Administrator's already arrived. She always was strong-minded, even when she was a child. And for you, I think. [Town square] This tree is our symbol, our affirmation of life. Everyone in this town gives part of their water rations to keep it alive. We've learned, Administrator, that hope is a powerful weapon against anything. Even drought. We need help if we're to increase the water supply. We think there are ways to reclaim some of our water. Kamin, sir. Go carefully, Administrator. (The Administrator leaves) That went very well. I think he was impressed with you. These things take time, but it will happen. I'm sure of it. Kamin. Hearing you talk to the Administrator, I realised that for the first time in years, you were speaking as though you were truly a member of the community. It was good to hear that again. [Courtyard] (Frere Jacques drifts through the evening air) You've been brooding behind that flute all evening. Music. No, the real surprise is that you may actually be improving. Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Goodnight, Kamin. Yes, you have, old friend. Don't you remember? You saw it just before you came here. We hoped our probe would encounter someone in the future. Someone who could be a teacher. Someone who could tell the others about us.
