[OC]: I am Beata, The Elected One. How may we assist you, Counsellor? [OC]: We feel in no way neglected, Counsellor. A diplomatic courtesy call is neither expected nor required. [OC]: A brief visit will be tolerated. I am Beata, The Elected One of Angel One. Representatives of the Starfleet Enterprise, do you wish to petition? Even a planet as remote as Angel One has heard of Starfleet. Searching the galaxy for survivors seems a petty task for one of their mighty vessels. Is this man implying that we put a lesser value on life than you do? I see. And if you find any survivors, what then? Good question. Another good question. I'm not prepared to answer, yet. See to their comforts. You claim you intend to remove these survivors from our planet. Are you prepared to give us your solemn word on that? You should know that the vote was not unanimous. Some of those among us are suspicious. Yet the majority feel that we have no choice but to trust you. Make certain that faith is not misplaced. There are four survivors from the ship you call Odin. All male. Their leader is a man who calls himself Ramsey. If they were mine to deliver, I would do it without hesitation. Unfortunately, their hiding place has long eluded us. Because they are fugitives on Angel One, and the quicker we get rid of them, the better. When these men came to us seven years ago, they accepted our hospitality quickly enough. But they gradually became restive, started making unreasonable demands, went against the natural order. I assumed as much. But be warned, Counsellor, these men are dangerous. [Sickbay] (Wesley and his ski-ing companion are in beds, coughing) Our library is far too sophisticated for a man to comprehend. An amusing notion. Maybe you could teach our males a thing or two. Trent, see to the android's needs. [Bridge] How handsome you look. So soon? I'm impressed. You had your opportunity to object, Ariel. You were in the minority. By all means. But I'm sure that Counsellor Troi and the others can do that without you. If I recall, you had a gesture of goodwill you wished to give to me? Are you suggesting that the women in your party are incapable of accomplishing their task without the help of a man? You're very generous with your praise. Inform them you will remain here with me. Relax. We have much to discuss. (She goes through gauze curtains into another room) [Guest quarters] Simply because Ramsey and his men are anarchists. I had to make sure you weren't here to fuel their struggle. I like the way your eyes pick up the colour of your tunic. But you can interact. Is that why you're here with me tonight? To learn? About our society. Well, in our society, it is the men who are the fortunate ones, enjoying all life has to offer while we women devote ourselves to the obligation of making life work. You'll have to remind me to thank them when they come back for giving us this time. (She kisses him) You resist. Don't you find me attractive? You attract me like no man ever has. It's not the reason. I hope so. (They get into a clinch just as Trent enters and hands a gift to Riker) You may go. (Trent leaves reluctantly. Riker opens the gift for Beata) Very impressive. And now I must repay you in kind. [Hideout] What a refreshing change to be with a man who knows what he wants. Exactly. I knew you were bright enough to understand. You see, women, by our very nature, want only what is best for their men. Of course they're not. It was merely a figure of speech. (Doorbell. She rolls over and turns off the meditation crystal and gets up.) Enter. (Trent comes in) What is so important you find it necessary to intrude upon my privacy? Your advanced technology has proven inadequate? You gave me your solemn word. I'm sorry as well. Since you refuse to take them with you, I am left with no choice but to sentence them all to death. [Picard's quarters] (Crusher enters bearing a flask. Picard is in bed, bare-chested) Before you go back to your ship, there's something I want you to see. (Ramsey and his group are brought in) You brought this upon yourself. You and the traitor. One does not need the technology of the Enterprise to follow Mistress Ariel sneaking out to warn her husband. Let her stand with him now. For tomorrow they will die together. [Beata's quarters] (Beata is doing paperwork) I don't expect you to understand. You'll accomplish nothing with that attitude. Is that not the way of an advanced society? Will you also include those from this world who unwisely choose to follow Ramsey and his group? (upset) We have determined that the heretical teachings of Ramsey and his followers are inconsistent with harmonious life on Angel One. Our patient efforts to silence revolutionary voices have failed. Therefore we are left with none but the most final alternative. (There is a large jar between two devices. Trent puts his hands on a glass globe, it glows purple, the devices light up and disintegrate the jar) As you can see, we are not without compassion. Your deaths will be swift and painless. Is this a plea for leniency? Make your point, so we can proceed with this unpleasant business. Stop. We will adjourn to consider your words. (The council leaves) After careful consideration, this legislature has voted to stay the execution of the prisoners. Their children will be returned to them immediately. Do not rejoice prematurely. Ramsey and his followers are to be exiled to a distant and unpopulated region. Life will be difficult there with little time for revolutionary or evolutionary upheaval. As some have observed, we may be able to stop evolution, but perhaps we can reduce it to a slow crawl. For a man, you can be very clever, Commander Riker.
You resist. Don't you find me attractive? You attract me like no man ever has. It's not the reason. I hope so. [Up The Long Ladder - Riker's quarters]
