Checking in, gentlemen? You'll have to go to the front desk. Excuse me. Did Rita call? You're busy? This is my life I'm talking about here. Now did Rita call or not? I'm not afraid of Mickey D. If Rita calls, you let me know. (Bellboy leaves) Wrong. I'm finally getting some smarts. I'm going to make him leave Rita alone. Not any more. Not after tonight. Don't call her that. You'll see. You'll see how tough Mickey D is. He's nothing. She did? What did she say? Crying? Damn. Mickey D thinks he can treat people any way he wants. Well, that's all over now. (Enter Mickey D through the main door, white suit with overcoat draped across his shoulders) It's not for you to make the call. It's for Rita. When I was a kid, I used to look up to you guys. The suit, the fancy shoes. I really thought that made you somebody, but you're nobody. She could make something out of her life (Picard mutes it) Like Rita. She could do something with her life. She could be somebody if she only had the chance. You got her on the stuff. That's the only reason she stays with you. Because you feed her sickness. [Lobby] You got to let me help her. Don't worry.
(receiving a tip) Thanks. (he goes to a man standing nearby) Hey, put it on Gentleman Jim. Knockout in the fifth. Looks like the missus booted you out in the middle of the night. Well. Oh. Well, everybody's from somewhere. That doesn't matter at this hotel. It's six bits a day or four dollars a week. Well, now, that matters. Geez, I don't know. We're pretty happy with the maid we've got. Cook's decent. Dishwasher's drunk all day, but at least he gets here on time. And there's me. I do everything else. Sorry. (a man comes out) Lady Luck not with ya, tonight, Mister Lane? Poor fella. Hasn't filled a straight in five weeks. Did you see the looks on their faces? I did everything I could not to laugh. Frederick La Rouque and Joe Falling Hawk. Those guys are card sharks. Oh sure, they play easy at first not to scare off the marks, but you give them a little time, they'll bleed a man dry. Especially an out-of-towner like yourself.. Don't you see? They had you pegged for a sap. The clothes you got on, the way you talk, it's like you were born yesterday. You sure fooled them, though. Have it your way. This is the place. Breakfast is six to eight. Checkout's at noon when you're ready to leave. (hands over the key and holds out his hand) Never felt better. A dollar? If there's anything you need. It can get lonely in San Francisco. You might want some company. I can introduce you to Lillian. Anything you need. I can get it for you wholesale. I can get it for you less than wholesale if you don't ask me where it came from. (Data has been writing a list) What do you need all this stuff for? No kidding. Well, this stuff's going to take a while. I'll have to go clear cross town. And it's not going to be cheap. (Data takes a wad of notes from his waistcoat pocket) More than enough. Keep the change? Done. [Alley] (The bellboy runs out the back of the hotel, past an old man muttering to himself) Sorry it took so long, Mister Data. Are you all right? Yeah, I'll say. Did you get it working? Whatever it is. What are you going to do with the anvil? What's it going to be when it's finished? If I were to guess, maybe a new kind of motor for one of those horseless carriages. Hot damn. You really think there's money in those things? Isn't that what makes America great? Well, a man rides into town in his pajamas, wins a grub stake at a poker table, turns it into a horseless carriage and makes a million bucks. That's America. You know, some day my ship's going to come in. Oh yeah, and it's full of gold too. I'm just biding my time til it gets here, raising a stake any way I can. I've been a newsie, cut fish at a cannery. Heck, I've even been an oyster pirate. Yeah, well, you can't stay in one place too long. I'm always looking for the angle, you know. Say, maybe you and I could go into business together, selling your horseless carriage and all. You invent them, I sell them. I can sell anybody anything. What do you say? Keep it in mind, though. I better get back. Oh, I forgot. I got you something at the bakery on Third. (puts down a newspaper with a squashed something in it) Oh, no, no, no. It's on me, partner. (in the paper is a picture of a woman exactly like our Guinan, over the strapline 'Literary Reception Announced') [Ballroom]
I wouldn't do this for just anybody, Mister Clemens. And I hope you won't spread it around that I let you in. People start talking. (Clemens starts searching the room) It has to do with Mister Data's engine, doesn't it? Yes. You know, Mister Clemens, I'm going to do you another favour today. You're always looking for good stories, right? Well, I've got a real humdinger for you. The story of my life. Now, I know you may think I'm young, but I've covered a lot of ground and if I do say so myself, it'd make for some pretty fascinating reading. So, what do you think? About writing my life story. You and me. Literary partners, of course. Me? Be a writer? You think I could do that? I'd like to do some travelling, maybe go to sea. And Alaska. I've had the strangest notion to go see Alaska. Thank you, Mister Clemens. You know, that is exactly what I'm going to do. You'll see my name in print, too. Don't forget. The name's London. Jack London.
