You're in the crisis room at the Sikla Medical Facility. You've had a severe injury, but you're going to be all right. Can you tell us your name? Rivas Jakara? Where do you live? You're in no condition to leave yet. There are several unusual things about your case, Mister Jakara. Your cranial lobes, for instance, they seem to be surgical implants. And these? (his hands) Another birth defect? Why don't I talk to her about that. What's her name? Why not? Well, we'll do the best we can for you. Oh, there was one other thing. We found this curious-looking device in your clothes. What is it? (it's a phaser) I thought you didn't have any family. No, I'm sorry, this was all we found. [Medical Facility Corridor] Keep your voice down. The last thing we need is a panic in here over some That's exactly the kind of thing I don't want to hear. Of all the medical facilities available, why did he have to end up here? Well, I'm not calling anybody yet. Not till we've done a lot more. A lot more. I want his story checked out. Run a complete search through the medical library. Be absolutely certain there's never been anything like him. Cordon off the wing. I want security on his door twenty nine hours a day, and I want this kept quiet. I thought I said this was to be kept a secret. Well, it's getting out of control. I don't know what else he is, but he is still a patient in this medical facility and we have a responsibility for his care and recovery. Remind them of that, will you? I know. Mister Jakara, we have been unable to confirm anything you told us. No physician named Crusher is on file. Not on this planet. Your address in Marta's an eating establishment. The cook has never heard of Rivas Jakara. There's a growing number of people on the other side of that door who believe you are not one of us, Mister Jakara. That you are from another planet. Are you, Mister Jakara? I know how it sounds. I'm not anxious to make a fool of myself. This new era of space flight, it fires the imagination. People see unidentified vessels in the sky that turn out to be weather balloons. Our medical journals have documented several cases of genetic mutation in recent history. Some unusual physical disfigurations have occurred. Perhaps. But you, Mister Jakara, are hiding something, and unless you tell me the truth about yourself, this rumour will persist and grow and could even become dangerous. Most especially to you. [Durken's office] (The Chancellor is stamping documents) Stop it! All of you! Stop it now! Have you all lost your minds? Get him into a surgical cubicle. And call Central Security. This has gone too far. [Durken's office] I didn't think he would have survived the injuries. At least give him time to regain some strength. Come back tomorrow. Those drugs increase cardial rate and vascular pressure. That's the last thing we need to do to him right now. I'm just a physician, Minister. I don't know much about affairs of state, but he is a living, intelligent being. I don't care if the Chancellor himself calls down here. I have sworn an oath to do no harm, and I will not. Yes I understand. (he puts the telephone down) I have been relieved of my duties, as I'm sure you already know. You are Acting Director of the facility, Nilrem. (Berel leaves)
