Is this the Captain Picard? I know you, Picard. I am Bok, DaiMon of the Ferengi. I have asked you here to discuss a mutual problem, Captain. I insist on speaking of that matter in person. Shall we meet on your vessel or mine? (Troi signals the transmission cut) As you wish, Picard. Perhaps this will begin a new era of cooperation for both our peoples. In one Earth hour, then? It is our pleasure, Captain Picard. Might I introduce my First Officer, Kazago, and my Second, Rata? We have heard that you use females. Clothed females. Most interesting. Think nothing of it. It is under our control. Do not be alarmed, Captain. It is a gift from us. With which we honour the Hero of Maxia. Why you, Picard, of course. Do you not remember the Battle of Maxia? Unidentified? That fine vessel was Ferengi. Such mistakes happen in space. Put it on your viewer. There is no one aboard it. No price! Perhaps it is his conscience? It is about the battle I mentioned, Captain. A gift, in honour of that occasion. Look at that ship closely. It was a derelict, adrift in space on the far side of this star system. How it got there is none of my business, Captain. But now, that vessel is yours, if you wish to have it. Consider it an act of friendship. Try this, Hero of Maxia. (He slides the top of the sphere around and) [Stargazer Captain's quarters] (Picard jerks up in pain and clutches at his head before collapsing. Crusher enters) And now, dear Captain, you are ready to live the past. (He winds the contraption up to maximum) [Picard's quarters] You will injure yourself as you once injured me. [Picard's quarters] Welcome back, Captain. (Bok is holding the device he has been using on Picard) Shields up, computer. Collecting on an old debt. (Picard collapses in agony) [Bridge] I have been waiting a long nine years for this, Picard. Do you not, human? Can you not remember the crime you committed against my very blood? You murdered my only son. He was the commander of the ship you destroyed! On his first voyage as DaiMon. And I have spent these years searching, seeking a proper blood revenge! And I found it! I am rich, Picard, yet two of these cost me the profits of an entire life. You are back in command of the Stargazer, Picard. Its computers will answer your orders. Die well, Captain. (Bok beams away) First officer's log. Captain Picard has beamed himself to the Stargazer, which is now moving away from us under its own power. [Bridge]
I trust you remember me, Picard, because I haven't forgotten you or how you murdered my son. For fifteen years now I've thought about how to avenge his death but nothing I could do to you could equal what you did to me, until now. You thought you could hide him from me, didn't you? But I found out about him. Jason Vigo is as good as dead. I'm going to kill your son, Picard, just like you killed mine. (hologram ends) Picard, can you hear me? (Picard wakes to see Bok at the foot of his bed) I will kill him, Picard. And there's nothing you can do about it. If you want me to stay and talk, you'd better not call for security this time. How do you like your boy, Captain? Is he everything you'd always hoped for? Oh, and how do you propose to do that, Picard? You murdered my son. You were in Ferengi space! How touching. Your apology is worthless to me. I demand that you repay me for my loss. Oh, but you can, Picard. You can pay me with your son's life. You don't have any choice. I insist on being paid. (Bok beams out) [Sickbay] This is a very special day, Picard. Fifteen years ago you took my son away from me. Today, I will take your son away from you. It will be our anniversary. I wanted you to see him one last time. (transmission ends) What kind of deal? I understand your desire to live, but I want Picard to see your body so there will be no doubt. (Picard beams in) Lower yours or your son dies. Shut up. They had no right to do that to me. They won't attack us with you on board.
