Hey! Can't you see that's a flower bed? I know that. What happened to your hair? I'm pretty damned cranky, thank you. I've already replanted this bed four times this week. You? Well, don't plant 'em too deep. The stems Captain Picard. Of the Enterprise, no less. And giving the commencement address. Surprised? Uh, uh. Nothing you ever did surprised me, son. Except that time you caught that Ligonian with a reverse body lift and pinned him in the first fourteen seconds of the match. Didn't think you had it in you. Hmmm? There's nothing to tell. (They go walking) You made a mistake. There isn't a man among us who hasn't been young enough to make one. You did what you had to do. You did what you thought was best. I just made sure that you listened to yourself. I was. And by the way, I was about the same age you are now. You needed to get your bearings. I knew that. The important thing is, what you did with your life afterwards. Seems you did okay. That's thanks enough for me. Josh Albert? Yeah. Crusher, Hajar, Sito, Locarno. I know them all. [Wesley's room] (Locarno is inspecting his troops) These weeds keep popping up in the pittosporum. Poor plants don't have a chance to grow. And you could explore space on a holodeck instead of a starship. Not going well, is it. Do you remember the parrises squares tournament of 'twenty four? It took me three weeks to repair the grounds after the celebration. Well the cadets today are just as proud of the Nova Squadron. The celebration they held after Nova won the Rigel Cup made 'twenty four look like a dinner party. To the other cadets, the members of that team are gods, and that's a hard image to live up to. But Nick Locarno, he watches out for them. He keeps them together. Nick is what makes that team special. He's their coach, surrogate father and best friend all in one. A natural leader. The members of that team love him. If he asks them to do something, they do it, even if it means going right over a cliff. [Engineering] (Picard and Crusher enter)
