Hello, Captain. I know you're a close friend of the Crusher family. I wanted to inform you personally. There's been an accident. [Crusher's office] There was very little left to salvage from the wreckage. We did recover one of the ships' data recorders, but it was badly damaged. We're attempting to restore the information, but that will take some time. Standard procedure calls for an immediate investigation by two command level officers. Captain Satelk and I will be taking depositions from Nova Squadron at fifteen hundred hours today. Commander Albert. I'm sure that everyone in this room joins me in expressing my deepest sympathies to you on the tragic loss of your son. There will be a memorial service for Cadet Albert this evening in the west garden. It has been suggested that we should cancel the graduation ceremonies in the light of what's happened. Commander Albert and I have discussed this and we've agreed that commencement should go forward as planned. The cadets should know that even after a tragedy like this, there are still duties to perform and life continues. Thank you all for coming. (Picard gets up and walks over to Brand) It's good to see you again, Captain. I wish it were under better circumstances. I'm sure we'll be able to conduct the investigation, but thank you for your offer. [Wesley's room] (Wesley is using a resistance device to strengthen his broken arm. There's a knock on the door. He goes to open it by turning the handle!) And you were still in the lead position? Continue. Thank you, Mister Locarno. Cadet Hajar. (the young woman stands up) As team navigator, you filed a flight plan with the Academy Range Officer before the exercise. Correct? Did Nova Squadron deviate from that flight plan after you entered the Saturn range? Then how do you explain the fact that the low apogee turn around Titan was at least two thousand kilometres closer to the moon than indicated in your plan? That was not my question, Cadet. If you were flying on sensors alone, perhaps you could tell us the orientation of his ship before the collision. You were flying a ship, travelling eighty thousand kph, with Cadet Albert's ship less than ten metres away and you don't know what his orientation was? Go ahead. And you didn't report this to anyone? Then you are saying that the accident was Cadet Albert's fault? Please be seated. I'm very disturbed by what I've heard here today. By your own admission, you allowed your teammate to fly when you knew he was having difficulties maintaining formation. That demonstrates a serious lack of judgment. I am also disturbed by the fact that you did not come forward with this information immediately. We should have the first data from Mister Crusher's flight recorder tonight. We will reconvene at thirteen hundred hours tomorrow. Are you ready, Mister Crusher? Where is Mister Albert at this point? That is the extent of the data we were able to recover from the flight recorder. Mister Crusher, would you describe what happened after you left orbit of Titan? Do you have anything to add to your testimony? I want you to be absolutely clear on this point, Mister Crusher. Before the collision, was Nova Squadron in a diamond slot formation? Mister Crusher, are these ships in a diamond slot formation? What is your explanation, Mister Crusher? Captain Satelk and I have gone over your testimony and the physical evidence from the crash. Your statements cannot be reconciled with the data collected from the NavCon satellite. Your unwillingness to offer any explanation for this contradiction is disappointing, and raises suspicion. We cannot escape the conclusion that either the data is faulty in some way, or you have lied to us. However suspicion is not proof and I have no proof that you have lied to this inquiry. Therefore, if no further evidence is presented, I have no choice but to close this investigation. For filing an inaccurate flight plan, and for allowing Cadet Albert to fly when you knew he was having difficulties, I am ordering a formal reprimand placed on each of your permanent records. I am also revoking your flight privileges. This inquiry is closed. Proceed, Mister Crusher. Mister Locarno, you are the leader of Nova Squadron. Do you have anything to say? Mister Locarno?
