Oh, there you are. Your hospitality leaves a hell of a lot to be desired! You don't offer us a bite or a sup, and when we build a fire to cook a little something, the place goes mad! And what are you staring at? Have you never seen a woman before? You may have all the time in the world, but I've dozens of frightened and hungry children and women to look after. Well, I'm sure they'll find their comfort as they always do, in the bottom of a mug of home brew! Dado! (Danilo scuttles away across the room) Men! Always talking when there's work to be done. And shouldn't you be flying this ship, or whatever it is you do? Well, good for the bloody ship. (long pause as she appraises him) Tell me, Commander Riker, where does a girl go to wash her feet on this ship? William Riker, you're a mess. (She starts picking things up) And if I don't, who will? Oh, and why is that? You've shown me so many wonders on your great ship, but there's still one thing you haven't shown me. I'm still waiting to wash my feet. William, is something wrong? Do you not like girls? You generally start at the top and work your way down. I was hoping you might. [Cargo hold] Father! Oh, my darling, is it? I might have known! Are you drunk yet, or can you talk with Doctor Pulaski about the children? She wants to send them to school with the ship's children. I think it's a good idea. So go handle it! (to the other men) I'm sure there's something you can be doing with your time. (to Worf) And as for you. Why did you have to tell them that this magic wall can give them more than meat and potatoes? Now we'll never get a lick of work out of them. If it's anything like babysitting, I'm an authority. (The women laugh) Captain's log, supplemental. We are approaching the class M planet where we hope to find the other colonists. [Bridge] Isn't that just like a man! You make these grandiose decisions, but you never stop to consider the poor women. You men draw a mug, and solve all the problems of the world while the beer goes down, but, when it comes to the practical matters, it always falls to the women to make your grand dreams come true. But I don't know if I want to be Eve. Leave my da? Oh, damn. What does he do again? Sounds important. Sounds like he might have more than two coins to rub together. Three husbands? <Back to the episode listing trace Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
William, is something wrong? Do you not like girls? You generally start at the top and work your way down. I was hoping you might. [Sickbay]
