Please, Captain, we are grateful that the Federation has taken as much interest as it has in this matter. Indeed he was. However, until we reach the rendezvous with the Valtese, may I ask that the cargo bay be declared off-limits to all but the most essential personnel? Oh, no, nothing of the sort. I'm cautious because it's quite fragile, and quite irreplaceable. Captain, the timing of our ceremony with Alrik is critical. It cannot be delayed. Ball park? Astonishing. It is the ancient Temple of Akadar. It is this temple that bonds Krios and Valt, gentlemen. Two brothers ruled a vast empire from this site until they were torn apart by their love for an extraordinary woman. This is where the wars began. And this is where they shall end. [Cargo bay] (Qol sneaks in to view the giant golden glowing egg supported by three golden beams of light.) [Holodeck - Temple] There are some details to be added, of course. Yes, of course. I must consult several of the historical volumes I brought with me, so perhaps we can reconvene later. Yes. Can I help you? Perhaps that would be best. Emergence. (the egg finally vanishes and a beautiful woman remains. She stands up gracefully, smiles and walks straight to Picard) No, Kamala. This is not Alrik. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Federation Starship Enterprise. It was an accident. This is quite complicated. Perhaps you and I Not as property, as a gift, and I was concerned that you might not entirely understand. Kamala is the key to peace between our two worlds. And the wars began when Krios kidnapped Garuth and took her to our planet. You see, male metamorphs are somewhat common, but females are born only once in seven generations. So obviously they are greatly sought after as mates. This mating to Alrik was arranged sine her birth by the leaders of both worlds, in the hopes of restoring peace. Kamala, remain in your room. I will speak to you shortly. [Corridor] I forbid it. It's too dangerous, Captain. She must remain in her quarters. She is still in the Finiis'ral, the height of her sexual allure, Captain. Every man on the ship will be fighting over her. What is the meaning of this? Is this some sort of bribe? I am not amused. How dare you suggest (He throws the coins on the floor) Thank you for sharing that information. I shall pass on along to Captain Picard. Let go of me. (The pair haul Briam away from the door and he is thrown into a glass table, which of course shatters) Captain's log, supplemental. The Ferengi have been dispatched via shuttle to Starbase one one seven. What charges will be brought against them depends on whether or not Ambassador Briam recovers. [Sickbay] Your service to both our peoples is greatly appreciated, Captain. I have to admit, I'm curious. I was chosen for this mission for a very simple reason. I'm two hundred years old. The temptations of a beautiful metamorph do not easily reach me. And yet I would be lying if I were to claim, that even at my age, they do not reach me at all. But you, you worked with her, side by side for days. How could you resist her? Energise. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
