Cowards! (He puts the fire out with a bucket of soil) Marouk? Here? You don't trust me, Marouk. But you expect me to trust you. Maybe you just poisoned it yourself. Taste this, Temarek. (Temarek doesn't want to, so Brull pushes him down and pours some on his face before taking a drink himself) Go home, old woman. You should know. You were there. Am I supposed to believe that you care how we live? Maybe you forced her to come, Picard. What is there for us on Acamar Three? Do I look miserable to you? I want to speak privately with Sovereign Marouk and Picard. Everyone else, get out. (We follow the followers leaving their masters) Marouk's offer has value. But still, I don't know. Chorgan is a better judge of these matters. I will take it to him. You will hear from me in twenty days. I'll come alone. If this is a trap. Mallon, you'll be in charge while I'm gone. If I'm not back in ten days Volnoth.  Volnoth was an old man. There's nothing to be done. You found him? Granted. (Temarek pulls off Volnoth's boots) What's there to respect about a corpse? (Crusher beams down. Riker pulls Temarek off) Temarek, no. Calm down. A child? This doesn't inspire my confidence. (Picard gives him a withering glare. Brull goes over to the console but clearly doesn't know what he's looking at) Set a heading for three four three mark seven two. What's the matter, kid? Can't you fly yourself around a couple of rocks? Have it your way, kid. [Ten Forward] What are you doing? What is this? I can see that, but what does it mean? You good at it? You don't like me. No problem. I have many friends that don't like me. But what do you know about me? I do it to survive, not because I enjoy it. We Gatherers value our freedom. We do as we want and we answer to no creature. Maybe because I want something better for me, and for my children. Yeah, two sons. One's just about your age. He's not any good at math. (Yuta brings a tray to Troi and Riker's table) That's Chorgan's ship. She's worth listening to. Chorgan, if you want to know what I think We don't obey weak leaders.
