Thanks. Lieutenant Castillo, helmsman. [1701D Bridge] I just can't quite make myself believe it. Twenty two years! Forty percent. We'll never see our homes again. Our families. You're right, I don't. But imagine coming home after twenty-two years. Would I even recognise them? Emitters available, sixty percent forward, fifty two percent aft. I guess I'm lucky to be alive at all. We were negotiating a peace treaty when I left. When we get a break, maybe you could fill me in on some of them. How long have you been on board? Yeah, me too. I mean, my Enterprise. [Sickbay] We've restored minimal shields and the forward phaser banks. Still no photon launchers or warp drive. Captain, you shouldn't First time? What's a TKL? You've told me more about tactical in an hour than I learned my last year in the Academy. Hey, I've known you a whole day now, Lieutenant. I won't salute if you won't. What did she call you? Tasha? Most everybody just calls me Castillo. My mother calls me Richard. No, I think maybe I'd like it better if you called me Richard. Shields are up to seventy two percent. That's better. Yes, Captain? Yes, Captain. I'll try to put some of your tactical briefing to good use when we get back. If you get back to Earth and you see a man, say, in his late fifties taking a hard look across a crowded room. Hey, you never know. Initiating evasive manoeuvres. Gamma sequence. I'm prepared to lead the Enterprise back myself, Captain Picard. I have good people willing to do their best. I can't speak to that point, sir, but I can get us back to where we're supposed to be. I believe that's what Captain Garrett would want me to do. Sir, it is my intention to return, unless you order me not to. We sustained moderate damage in the attack. I think we can get underway in a few hours. One to beam to the Enterprise-C. We keep saying goodbye, don't we? More time. I think we have all the time we can handle as it is. (They have a passionate kiss) Lieutenant. [Ten Forward] I'm showing phaser banks up to seventy percent efficiency. We've got an hour left. Let's see if we can get them up to ninety. Parker, you've got Ops. Fredericks, take the conn. You're not part of my crew. This isn't a joke, Tasha. We're going back in the rift, into battle. We're not coming back. But I don't want you here. Welcome aboard. Take your station, Lieutenant.
