Finalists, please take your seats I'm Tac Officer Chang. Welcome. You are here because you are all top candidates. Although only one student will be chosen for the Academy, you have shown from the preliminary testing that any of you could easily qualify. This may be the most difficult, exhausting experience of your life, and the most exciting challenge. Expect the unexpected. May you all do your best. [Bridge] (Remmick is tapping notes into his PADD) Is there a problem here, gentlemen? But you became hostile. Congratulations, Mister Crusher. You handled that particular incident very well. It's important to know how you candidates deal with other cultures, other species. Yes. Not all tests are announced, or what they appear to be. (Chang leaves) Congratulations, Mordock. That was the second fastest time ever recorded on this test. You all did well. Yes. I know. An interesting choice, Mister Crusher. Especially considering how close you and Mister Mordock are in overall score. You all have an hour to prepare for your last test. We prefer to think of it as a psychological evaluation based on reactions to various individual problems, but psych test will do. [Admiral's Quarters] (Remmick enters) Mister Mordock will be finished with his psych test momentarily. (The door to room 101 opens, Mordock is shaking) Mister Crusher. You're next. Good luck. [Room 101] (A small room with bare walls and a single chair in the middle) Wesley! It's all right. (The casualty gets to his feet, dusts himself off and shakes Wesley's hand) An excellent performance, Mister Crusher. (The other man walks out of the lab and leaves) Yes. Theoretically, yes. You had to make a choice. And you did. There's no right or wrong about it. Your greatest fear has been that you couldn't make that decision. I'm proud of all of you. You've done a superb job. Each of you would make a fine Starfleet officer. It's unfair that only one candidate from Relva will attend the Academy this year, and a loss to the Federation if the rest of you do not return to test again. Mister Mordock will be the candidate. His results were slightly higher than Mister Crusher's. Congratulations, Mister Mordock. You're the first Benzite in Starfleet. He wasn't. He lost time, but it wasn't only that. Candidates, thank you. And good luck. (Chang leaves)
