Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much. You've been great. As a matter of fact I'd like to take you home with me. Unfortunately I took the last audience home and there's no more room. Boom, boom. But thank you, really. Thank you. Hey, and thank you for bringing me here. What's up? Funny? I don't know. It's a matter of opinion, I guess. Tip O'Neill in a dress? Some people say words that end with a K are funny. A briefcase that looks like a fish. Personally I find that hysterical. Well, I think whatever makes you laugh is funny. (They sit at a table) We're going to need it. You, pal, are a tough room. All right, you're on. Jerry Lewis. (The comic goes back on stage and does a Jerry Lewis impression - stupid noises, unintelligible speech with protruding teeth, knocking over the microphone, all that stupid rubbish) (as Lewis) Mister Robot, would you like to come up? (as Lewis) Oh, I'm terribly sorry, Mister Android. Here, teeth. Put them in your mouth. Come up with me. Where'd he go? (Business up and down the steps, all terribly childish and embarrassing to watch but apparently Americans think it hilarious) Try, if you would. You go Ha! (They put on silly voices, and stamp around) Actually it brought the house down in Teaneck. I'm sorry, I didn't get your name. Data, did you consider juggling, weird bird calls, stuff like that? I think that's nice. Let's put the physical stuff aside for a while, all right? We'll do some jokes. See, it's not my forte, but I think that would work good for you. If you would just have a seat and we'll try some jokes like. I dunno. We'll start with the classics. See, there's this travelling salesman. now. He's going down the road and his car breaks down, right? Comes up on this farmhouse and (We are spared as the soundtrack speeds to chipmunk) It's probably best when you do something like this. Need a cigar More freebies, huh? No cover, no minimum, just Comic, continue? Tell me, Data, what happened? And? No one? Nobody in the whole room? You know, Data, I think I know what your problem is. You should always try out new material on an audience. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for coming, folks. We got a great show for you tonight. I'm so excited this evening. Tonight I have for you the funny man of the stars, the android of antics, that Lieutenant Commander of mirth. Please give him a nice welcome, ladies and gentlemen, none other than. He's just the best. Data! (Dressed in a tuxedo, and carrying Groucho's cigar, Data comes on to rapturous applause) Yes, I did.
