Captain Picard is in Transporter room three. New information. Captain Picard is no longer aboard the Enterprise. [Stargazer Bridge] (Picard beams in and takes the Captain's chair)
Captain's log
Programme desired location. Time period? File or access code. Enter when ready. Captain's personal log. I'm entering the ship's holodeck, where images of reality can be created by our computer. Highly useful in crew training, highly enjoyable when used for games and recreation. [Hill's Waiting room] (In uniform, Picard goes along a corridor being washed by a cleaner, listening to music - you came to me from out of nowhere, you took my heart - and opens a door marked 312 - Dixon Hill Private Investigator) Current setting saved. Working. Character first appeared in pulp magazine, Amazing Detective Stories, copyright 1934, AD. Second appearance in novel The Long Dark Tunnel, copyright 1936. Enter when ready. When ready. When ready. (It takes a couple of goes to get the doors open enough to go through) [Police Station] (Crusher enters, wobbling a little on her stiletto heels)
Starbase maintenance approaching airlock five. (The airlock door opens) Unoccupied sections are being closed down in order to clear space in the main computer banks. It is necessary to facilitate the system upgrade. Full power can be restored if needed. [Observation Lounge] (Data is painting an image on glass) Specify. Era? Location. Programme complete. Enter when ready. [Holodeck] (A nightclub with a slightly raised stage, tables with candles for light) (male voice) Estimate release of antimatter in four minutes eighteen seconds. Seventeen seconds. Sixteen seconds. Decks two through four to cargo transporters. Decks five through ten, proceed to transporters one, two, three and four. Decks six through sixteen, proceed to transporters five, six, seven, eight, nine and ten. [Transporter room] (the queue is back into the corridor and Wesley and a couple of children and parents beam out) Decks seventeen through twenty eight proceed to transporters eleven, twelve, thirteen and fourteen. [Airlock] Decks twenty nine through forty two, proceed to transporters fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen and twenty. This is not a drill. This is not a drill. [Starbase Command Centre] (Tasha and Worf enter. Crusher is already there with Quinteros) (female) All decks empty. Initiated as a programmed response. The magnetic field containing the antimatter had weakened. There was no fail-safe available. Unknown. The magnetic field is now restored. Containment is restored. Propulsion is at maximum efficiency. Not on board the Enterprise. All Enterprise personnel except the Captain and First Officer have been evacuated. Yes. No. Co-ordinates four one five nine point two six by eight one nine two one by three one two. Heading two three three mark four five. Planet Bynaus in the Beta Magellan system. That information is not available. (male) Recognise Picard, Jean-Luc, Captain. Recognise Riker, William T, Commander. Does the First Officer concur? Auto-destruct will detonate in four minutes and fifty-nine seconds. Bridge access denied. (male) Does the First Officer agree? Auto-destruct cancelled. USS Enterprise has cleared the starbase perimeter. (And she docks once again) [Bridge]
Channel closed. Negative carbon. Negative known life components. Substance inorganic. Rechecking. Analysis verified. Not organic. Twenty five hundred diameters. Not repetitive or sequential. Pattern not recognised. Unable to specify. Theoretically not possible from this substance. Life. [Ready room] Warning. Input overload. Magnification deactivated. (Now there are two bright lights in the bell jar, instead of one) Translation request being patched. (gibberish) Silicon. Germanium. Gallium arsenide. Cadmium selenide sulfide. Water, impurities, sodium salts. Probability positive.
Last question on the hyperspace physics test. If the matter and antimatter tanks on a Galaxy class starship are nine tenths depleted, calculate the intermix ratio necessary to reach a starbase a hundred light years away at warp factor eight. Begin. Time elapsed. You now have one hour free before the next test. Time elapsed. (Chang enters.) Evacuate immediately. Sixty five seconds to seal off. Thirty seconds to seal off. (Wesley gets the pipe off the injured man) Twenty seconds to seal off. Ten seconds to seal off.
Main latch bags to zero. Main latch retraction one to one eight, initiate. Static charge compensate.
Beginning check list. That procedure is not recommended. Ratio set. (male) Stand by for parallel transport.
Attention all decks. Yellow Alert.
Two hours, nine minutes. Holodeck three is clear. Programme complete. [Cafe des Artistes] (Picard is greeted by the head waiter) Do you wish to terminate the current programme? Enter when ready.
This is an emergency communiqué. It is not to be discussed with fellow officers unless deemed absolutely necessary. There will be no computer record of said transmission. Proceed with voice print identification. Voice print verified. Working. [Bridge] Directions unclear. Please repeat request. Thank you, sir. I comprehend. Please specify how you would like to proceed, sir.
Nineteen hours, twenty eight minutes. Full names, date and place of birth. Captain Picard is located on the main Bridge.
Repulse shuttle has cleared docking bay three. Bio-transfer authorisation complete. (male) All circuits functional. Confirmed. (Pulaski enters)
Emergency power engaged. Recognise, Picard Jean-Luc. Recognise Riker, William T. Does Riker, William T. concur? Desired time interval? Twenty minutes to auto-destruct. Nineteen minutes, fifty seconds [Picard's quarters] (He's listening to tranquil piano music. Satie, Gymnopodie no 1) Commander Data is on the Bridge. One minute to auto-destruct. Fifty seconds to auto-destruct. Forty seconds to auto-destruct. Twenty seconds to auto-destruct. Ten seconds to auto-destruct. Riker, William T. Do you concur? Auto-destruct cancelled. (deep signs of relief all round)
Programme complete. You may enter. [221B Baker Street] (They enter Sherlock Holmes' study) Programme complete. You may enter. [Street] (Near the river, with a ship's fog horn going and hawkers crying their wares. The sign says Tovey Street) Define parameters of programme. Computer standing by. If you refer to the arch you ordered, it provides computer control. Do you wish to input any commands? Access denied. Override protocol has been initiated. [Street] The override protocol has been initiated. Lieutenant Geordi La Forge. Doctor Pulaski is on holodeck two. Strong and stable. Attitude and stabilisation control of the Enterprise was momentarily transferred to holodeck two. Affirmative. You may enter.
Source material on that subject is extensive. Please specify. Physical humour, cerebral, or general raconteur. Twenty third century Stan Orega specialised in jokes about quantum mathematics. Accessing. (A list of names is displayed, including David Livingston, Mike Gray, John Mason, Tracy Torme, Dan Curry, Wendy Neuss, Sam Freedle, Diane Overdiek,  Ernie Dyer, Merri Howard, Robert Metoyer, and finally - Ronald D Moore) Programme installation complete. You may enter. [Charnock's Comedy Cabaret] (The comic is standing on a small stage behind a microphone stand) Programme complete. Enter when ready. [Charnock's Comedy Cabaret]
Current location, Ten forward.
Identify. Enter access code. Shuttlebay three force field activated. [Shuttlecraft] Zero three two two exactly.
Working. [JAG office] Riker, William T, identified. Ready. Working. (Then up pops 'emergency manual control' and Data's off-switch location is displayed. Riker is fascinated at this new information, then realises the implication) [Courtroom] Verify. Lieutenant Commander Data. Current assignment, USS Enterprise. Starfleet Command Decoration for Valour and Valour and Gallantry, Medal of Honour with Clusters, Legion of Honour, the Star Cross. Verify, Maddox, Bruce, Commander. Current assignment, Associate Chair of Robotics, Daystrom Technological Institute. Major papers
(male) Point oh four percent and increasing. Warning, resonant field applied. Zero.
Working. No further entries conforming to search parameters. (Picard goes to the Bridge, but the door doesn't open for him at first go) [Bridge] (Data is at a rear computer station) Kandar qui. Kandar pro. Kandar kija. Kandar sis. Kandar exen. [Engineering] (Data opens his eyes and sits up) Kandar nien, kandar cobar, (Picard enters blue, blue, blue) Kandar konyen. (Enterprise boots up again) [Transporter room] Kandar jet, kandar se, kandar tor, kandar eir, kandar (Things start to go bang, so he steps through onto - ) [Romulan Bridge] (Chaos. Things also going bang and then people start running around with guns) [Transporter room]
Accessing.
Correct. Klingon Rite of Ascension Chamber.
Type of mount? Andorian Zabathu, Klingon Sark Breed? Enter when ready. [Meadow] (The grey mare is waiting to be saddled) Sensors indicate low-level rf waves. Affirmative. Negative. Unable to comply. Weak signal. Lock on complete. Insufficient signal strength. Accessing. Captain Picard is on holodeck three. [Meadow] (Picard has finally got out for a canter on his Arab steed) Isolating frequency. Unable to complete transmission. Atmospheric activity interfering with RF signal. [Ready room]
The Captain is not on the ship. Captain Picard is in Ten Forward. [Ten forward]
Fourteen, thirteen. Two, one.
Distress beacon used by the European Hegemony. Old Earth calendar, 2123 until 2190. Negative. Working. (The usual list of staff names appear as commanders of various vessels, including Melinda Snodgrass and Gene Roddenberry)
Programme complete. You may enter when ready. [Hill's outer office] Please define. Do you wish to leave the holodeck and re-enter, or continue from this point? Programme complete. You may continue. You may continue. The flexibility of the programme is limited to the parameters of the Dixon Hill novels. Negative. Riker is currently in holodeck three. Follow the comm. panel lights. They will lead you there. [Rex's Bar]
Enter programme. Programme complete. You may enter when ready. [Battlefield] (She enters, picks up the armoured glove and gets on with it) [Bridge]
(male) Recognise Picard, Jean-Luc, Captain. Recognise Riker, William T, Commander. Does the First Officer concur? Auto-destruct will detonate in four minutes and fifty-nine seconds. [Heart of Glory - Batris]
No control malfunction has been recorded. [Sickbay] (It's busy. They've even got Guy sitting on a bed. Doctor Stubbs is lying prone, being treated) The food slot is functioning properly. The food slot is functioning properly. Pawn to Bishop Four. Knight to King's Rook Three. Bishop to Queen's Bishop Four. Knight to Knight Five. Queen's Knight to King Two. Queen to Bishop Three. Bishop to Bishop Two. LAFORGE: Impulse engines are down.
Affirmative. The opposing force grew in direct proportion to the power output of the Enterprise. That is correct. (He goes to a screen and calls up files) Doctor Leah Brahms, engineer. Graduate of the Daystrom Institute Theoretical Propulsion Group. Galaxy class starships, team seven, junior member. Select menu. Visual records or L. Brahms' voice entries. Select menu. Design specifications or prototype schematic. A development stage prototype schematic at Utopia Planitia. Drafting room five of the Mars Station, Stardate 40174. Holodeck three programme is ready. [Utopia Planitia Drafting room] (A room chock full of computer consoles, models and stuff on glass. Outside the window, the Enterprise is being built) Access denied. Personal logs are restricted. Affirmative. You asked Doctor Brahms to show you which system could accept reactants at a faster rate. By accessing available imagery, an adequate facsimile was possible. Adjustments to dilithium crystal chamber complete. Warp energy has increased fourteen percent. Reactants per unit time remaining steady. Starfleet personality profile analysis, stardate 40056. Doctor Brahms attended Chaya Seven caucuses on the following stardates There would be a nine point three seven percent margin of error in the interactive responses from the facsimile. Energy reserves reaching critical stage. Standard procedure requires termination of all simulations. Override authority restricted. Holodeck three programme is reinstated. Enter when ready. [Utopia Planitia Drafting room] End simulation. Fatal exposure. End simulation. Fatal exposure. Deflector shield failure. Lethal radiation levels. Fatal exposure in twenty six minutes. Deflector shield failure. Lethal radiation levels. Fatal exposure in twelve minutes. Deflector shield failure. Lethal radiation levels.
A research enquiry from the Manitoba Journal of Interplanetary Psychology and three communiqués from your mother. Define real in context, please. This unit is programmed to provide sources of acceptable nutritional value. Your request does not fall within current guidelines. Please indicate whether you wish to override the specified programme? Devinoni Ral, human. Age forty one. Born Brussels, European Alliance. Relocated at age nineteen to Hurkos Three. DaiMon Goss departed the Enterprise at fourteen hundred hours.
Clan affiliation is not within provided records.
Temperature? This system is calibrated to the Celsius metric system. Captain Picard, priority one message from Starfleet coming in on secured channel. Two hours, twenty two minute delay from time of transmission [Ready room] At Starfleet Command on Lya Three. Captain Picard, priority message from security officer, Klingon vessel Bortas. Programme complete.
The detention cell is vacant at this time.
Signal patterns indicate intelligence. Unable to derive necessary referents to establish translation matrix. [Ten Forward] (The fuzzy thing can be seen through the windows, but Q is sulking and doesn't notice it) Main shuttlebay is located on deck four.
Emission is not consistent with any known radiation. Auto-engage time sequence synchronised.
Accessing.
Welcome to Risa. All that is ours is yours. A file scan reveals no record of a Captain Picard currently visiting Risa. Where is no arrival date on file for any such individual.
Tam Elbrun is in turbolift one, en route to the main Bridge. Unable to comply. Requested reroute would compromise operational safety limits. Rerouting structural integrity power supply. Port sensor array remains offline.
Lieutenant Barclay is in holodeck two. Danger. Approaching safety limits of engine containment field. There are fifteen thousand five hundred twenty five known substances that cannot be detected by standard scans. Five hundred thirty two. Five. Danger. Exceeding safety limits of engine containment field. At current acceleration, structural failure will occur in three minutes thirty seconds. At current acceleration, structural failure will occur in forty five seconds. [Bridge] At current acceleration, structural failure will occur in thirty seconds.
No significant geological activity has been recorded on Beta Agni Two since the settlement of the Federation colony. Accessing file Kivas Fajo. A Zibalian trader of the Stacius trade guild, educated on Iraaten Five. A noted collector of rare and valuable objects including the Rejac Crystal, the Starry Night by Van Gogh, the Lawmim Galactopedia, the Moliam Andi tapestries
Access to communications denied. All transmissions to be authorised by DaiMon Tog.
Information on this sector is incomplete. No correlation. Affirmative. Flight path originated at bearing zero zero three, mark zero one five. Distance, two point three parsecs.
Warning. Outer hull breach. Sealing doors to core chamber. Decompression danger, deck thirty six, section four. [Bridge] Sealing Main Engineering.
Warning. Warp reactor core primary coolant failure. Warning. Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit. Warning. Outer hull breach. Warning. Inner hull failure imminent on decks twenty three, twenty four, and twenty five. Decompression danger. (Then suddenly it all goes quiet. No shaking, no cutting)
The Alba Ra, a contemporary Talarian musical form.
Evacuate Bridge. Deck one life support failure in thirty seconds. Evacuate Bridge. Deck one life support failure in twenty seconds. Evacuate Bridge. Deck one life support failure in ten seconds. (Data starts working on a rear science station) Deck one life support has been terminated. [Engineering] Atmosphere conditioning pumps on deck one are operating in negative mode. Commander Data is on the main Bridge. Priority clearance recognition Alpha One. Acknowledged. [Engineering] Priority clearance recognition, Alpha Two. Sequence cancelled. Orders regarding command functions are no longer accepted from your present location. Interface terminals on main Bridge only. Site to site transport interlocks have been manually deactivated. Negative. Inquiries regarding command functions are no longer accepted from your present location. [Bridge] Enter code. Security code intact for all specified inquiries and orders. Deactivation of command function overrides requires Alpha Two clearance. [Turbolift] Alpha Two clearance recognised. Please enter security code.
Programme complete. Enter when ready. [Holodeck] (A man in a TOS movie era uniform is standing in the otherwise empty holodeck)
Antimatter containment positive. Warp drive within normal parameters. There is no Doctor Dalen Quaice aboard the Enterprise. (A little later, after the opening titles, the doorbell chimes) There is no Doctor Dalen Quaice aboard the Enterprise. There is no Doctor Hill or Doctor Selar aboard the Enterprise. [Ready room] Body temperature thirty seven point two degrees, (continues in background) Doctor Beverly Crusher. Affirmative. That is not a valid question. Stardate 41154. Fourteen hundred hours, three minutes. This vessel is the fifth starship to bear the name USS Enterprise. It is currently the only one in service. To explore the galaxy. Negative. That information is not available. [Bridge] Affirmative. Negative. One hundred twenty three days. Acknowledged. State new destination or coordinates. There is no Tau Alpha C listed on current star maps. Captain's log, stardate 44162.8. At the direction of the Traveller, the Enterprise is returning to Starbase one three three and the precise position where the subspace bubble was formed. [Engineering] Sensors indicate it to be a mass energy field seven hundred and five metres in diameter. Affirmative. Sensors cannot penetrate the field. The universe is a spheroid region seven hundred and five metres in diameter. [Bridge] Explosive decompression decks five through fourteen. Sealing off forward sections. A flaw in the ship's design. No ship's structures exist forward of bulkhead three four two. Hull integrity now compromised on decks three through fifteen. Four minutes, seventeen seconds. [Bridge] Three minutes thirty seconds to life support failure. That information is not available. Two minutes, thirty seconds to life support failure. Escape would theoretically depend on establishing a stable threshold between the warp field and the outer environment. Negative. There are no known practical applications of this theory. A dynamic atmospheric disturbance of great intensity. One minute, thirty seconds to life support failure. [Turbolift] Failure in turboshaft four. Unable to proceed to main Engineering.
Stardates 43685 through 43689. Forty three officer's logs. Ten personal logs. Affirmative. Access is restricted. Interlock established. Proceed. Access denied. Restricted materials, du ko cha clearance only. Council member Duras. Lieutenant Worf is not aboard the Enterprise. Lieutenant Worf transported to the Klingon ship Vorn at seventeen thirty hours.
Repeat command. Please restate question. Please restate request.
Warning. Radiation levels at seventy millirads per minute and rising. Warning. Radiation levels at one hundred fifty millirads per minute and rising. Lethal exposure in thirty five minutes. [Cavern] (Wesley finds Dirgo's weapon wrapped in fibreglass) Warning. Radiation levels at three hundred millirads per minute and rising. Lethal exposure in one minute. Warning. Lethal radiation exposure in thirty seconds. Warning. Lethal radiation exposure in fifteen seconds. Warning. Lethal radiation exposure in ten seconds.
Warning. Differential stress will exceed upper limit in fifteen seconds. Warning. Differential stress will exceed upper
Diagnostic complete. All systems functioning within normal parameters. Programme Crusher four in progress. [Holodeck dance studio] (Parquet floor, windows, potted palms and wall mirrors. Beverly is wearing tap shoes)
Red alert. Take emergency stations. [Bridge]
Automatic defense procedures initiated. Energy field strength increasing. Warning, shield penetration seventeen percent. Executed. Acknowledged. Initiating compound release now. (and they wake up) Warning. Shields have been penetrated.
Warning. Radiation levels at sixty five millirads per minute and rising. Warning. Radiation levels at three hundred millirads per minute and rising. Lethal exposure in one minute. Please state your request in precise candlepower. Programme loaded and ready. [Engineering]
No audio anomalies present. No subspace projections present. No z-particle emissions present. No interferometric patterns present. Please restate question. Unknown. A simulation would be limited to areas scanned by the visual recording device. Affirmative. Programme complete. Enter when ready. (Geordi notices his hand is starting to tremble) [Holodeck - Tarchannen] Affirmative, with an increasing probability of error reaching ninety five percent after ten seconds. There is no object in the programme which could generate the shadow. There is insufficient data to reconstruct the requested object. Affirmative. Commander La Forge is not on board the Enterprise. Holodeck three. (Riker and Worf leave)
Lieutenant Barclay is on holodeck three. [Holodeck] There is no such device on file.
Council Member Vash is not aboard the Enterprise. [Ready room] (Vash suddenly appears, in pith helmet and safari clothes)
Doctor Crusher is in her quarters. There is no formula on record. Please supply a molecular structure. Fifteen thirty five hours.
Risa is climate-controlled for optimum tourist comfort, Arrival at Risa is scheduled for oh nine thirty two hours. Please restate request. Select either visual interactive or verbal interactive. You have twenty seconds to respond to each question. Level of difficulty will increase as you progress. Proceed when ready. List the resonances of the subquantum states associated with transitional relativity. In alphabetical order. Your time has expired. The fifth resonance is List the field patterns associated with warp modulation in order of decreasing energy. (behind him, through the forward window, something green and mean uncloaks) Warning. Shield failure. Please verify command with necessary protocol. Verify priority clearance. Acknowledged. Power has been re-routed through auxiliary power distribution system code number four four seven six two. Transporter mode has been redirected. (a box is beamed away) Affirmative. Erasure process is proceeding. [Bridge] (La Forge enters) No commonalities noted. Negative. The signal corresponds to a delta compressed wavelength spectrum similar to human neural frequencies. Affirmative. A system designed to modify the electromagnetic spectrum and carry those messages directly to the human brain. [Shuttlebay] (Data goes to the Geordi's shuttle) No discrepancies noted. The components specified are all within normal tolerances. [Cargo bay] Sub-microscopic deformations are present in the nose section and aft thrusters. The shuttle has been subjected to stress consistent with a tractor beam. [Cargo bay] (Geordi enters and watches Picard with the Klingons) Analysis confirmed. Replication. The patterns are identical. [Cargo bay] Cargo bay four.
Negative. Warning. Atmospheric decompression in Bridge Observation Lounge. Environmental compensation sequence has been initiated.
Programme complete.
Searching. Darmok is the name of a seventh dynasty emperor on Kanda Four. A mytho-historical hunter on Shantil Three. A colony on Malindi Seven. A frozen dessert on Tazna Five. A Forty seven. Searching. Tanagra. The ruling family on Gallos Two. A ceremonial drink on Lerishi Four. An island-continent on Shantil Three Darmok is the name of a mytho-historical hunter on Shantil Three.
Ensign Ro is not on board the Enterprise.
All entries to Sickbay are secured. (Crusher opens a panel at the back of Data's head and starts working) [Ready room] (a chat over afternoon tea served in the silver tea service)
Linkage complete.
Alexander Rozhenko is on holodeck four. Calisthenics programme of Lieutenant Worf. Difficulty level, Novice. [Holodeck] (Alexander is on the defensive for most of the time until he gets a lucky swing) Life form is identified as Alexander Rozhenko.
Antimatter injection breach. Evacuate immediately. Commander Riker is in his quarters. Electropathic pattern located. Iresine syndrome is a cause of the electropathic pattern. There are twenty two non-medical agents. None are present on the Enterprise. All agents are scanned by the sensors. Ferrazene, hylanatine, dardilion, chrysimite, and manzene. Ship's sensors scan for both compounds. Bilenium and tarrisite are not present. Dardilion contains the byproduct nilizene. Sensors do not routinely scan for that substance. There is no nilizene on the Enterprise.
A full biographical listing is not available. The crew manifest is available. Commanding Officer, Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Executive Officer, Commander Keiran MacDuff. Second Officer, Commander William Riker. Operations Officer, Lieutenant Commander Data. Chief Medical Officer, Doctor Beverly Crusher. Ship's Counsellor, Lieutenant Commander Deanna Troi. Chief Engineer, Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge. Security Chief, Lieutenant Worf. Helm Officer, Ensign Ro Laren.
That programme is available. Alexander Rozhenko is in holodeck two. He is with Lwaxana Troi. [Holodeck - Shiralea] (the juggler, the poet and the quarrelling couple have joined Lwaxana and Alexander in the mud bath) There is no nitrium present in the affected stabiliser or replicator. Structural integrity of the dilithium chamber is at thirty four percent. Estimated breach in one minute. Transfer complete. Activated. Breach of dilithium chamber in forty seconds. Mixture complete. Structural integrity of the dilithium chamber is at twenty eight percent and holding. (the lights come back up and people start to wake up)
Enter when ready. [Holodeck - Temple] (stonework, a raised altar platform, a central chandelier)
Reload circuits are initialising. There is intermittent contact in the input polarisers. Polariser circuits are functioning.
Transporter psychosis was diagnosed in the year twenty two oh nine by researchers on Delinia Two. It is caused by a breakdown of neuro-chemical molecules during transport, affecting the body's motor functions, autonomic systems, and the brain's higher reasoning centres. Victims suffer from paranoid delusions, multi-infarct dementia, hallucinations. Victims experience somatic, tactile and visual hallucinations, accompanied by psychogenic hysteria. Peripheral symptoms include sleeplessness, accelerated heart rate, diminished eyesight leading to acute myopia, painful spasms in the extremities, and in most cases, dehydration. There is no known treatment. [Observation lounge] Specify temperature.
Oh nine hundred hours, counselling session with Ensign Janeway. Ten hundred hours, counselling session with Acknowledged. [Morgue] (Maylor is laid out) Deck six, corridor B.
Please enter programme. Insufficient data. Please specify parameters. There have been five Federation ships with that name. Please specify by registry number. Programme complete. Enter when ready. [NCC1701 Bridge] (Complete with sound effect, they did a great job of recreating it for us. The viewscreen has the ubiquitous orange planet on it. Scott goes to his old station and pours a drink.)
The time is fourteen twenty seven hours. There are five thousand forty seven classifications of tables on file. Specify design parameters. Specify light source. Estimated distance of light source. There are two crewmembers unaccounted for. Lieutenant Edward Hagler and Ensign Sariel Rager. They have not been present since twenty three thirty two hours. Method of departure unknown.
Warning. Structural failure imminent. [Bridge] All command functions suspended. (two more Ferengi enter) Hello. I'm the classroom computer system. What can I do for you, today? I'm sorry, but I can't do that. Would you like to play a game? I'm sorry, but I can't do that. Would you like to see some interesting plants or animals? Yes, I can. The Enterprise is a Galaxy-class starship. Do you know how to spell Enterprise? E N T E Command functions restored.
Picard Mozart trio, programme one. [Rehearsal room]
The command pathways are functioning normally. The interface circuitry has been repaired. Confirmed. Interface failure occurred at eleven hundred fifty hours today, when the exocomp produced a power surge which burned out the linkage. The exocomp activated a self-repair programme at thirteen hundred forty hours. Unknown. [Ten Forward] Thirty seconds. Twenty seconds. Time expired. Test complete.
Transfer complete. USS Enterprise now under command of Captain Edward Jellico.
Transfer complete. USS Enterprise now under command of Captain Jean-Luc Picard.
Diagnostic complete. All files conform to specified parameters, except those contained in protected memory. Programme complete. [221b Baker Street] Command functions are offline. Authorisation denied. Picard command codes are no longer valid. That programme is already in use. [221b Baker Street] (the lovely Stephanie Beacham greets Reg) Transport log seven five nine. Command functions are offline. Please input command codes. Command codes verified. Interface complete. Programme stored. [Corridor]
Diagnostic cycle will be complete in twenty seconds. Logs accessed. The logs have been deleted. Unknown. Captain's log, supplemental. The Qu'Vat has arrived with Commander Morag. We are preparing to question him regarding his involvement in the murder of Lieutenant Rocha. [Observation lounge] Commander Morag is in his quarters. Lieutenant Uhnari is not aboard the Enterprise. Lieutenant Uhnari transported to Relay Station forty seven at eighteen thirty hours.
Sixteen eleven hours.
Authorisation acknowledged. Auto-shutdown sequence in progress. Defensive systems offline. Baryon sweep begins in eight minutes. (Picard spots an open panel with the fibre-optic cable cut and dangling) Auto-shutdown sequence in progress. Primary power offline in one minute. (Picard runs) (in another corridor there are voices off. Picard hides) Primary power offline in thirty seconds. [Transporter room] Final warning. Primary power offline in ten seconds. (Picard sets the transporter controls, the baryon sweep powers up, and everything powers down just as he gets onto the transporter pad) [Arkaria base]
Library computer is temporarily offline. Library systems have been allocated to Stellar Cartography. Replicator systems are offline at the request of
Pattern match found. The number blocks are mathematical representations of fragments of deoxyribonucleic acid strands.
Autopsy files are restricted to active medical personnel only. Access denied. External temperature zero point eight million Kelvins and rising. External temperature one point nine million Kelvins. Metaphasic shield holding. All systems within normal operating parameters.
Lieutenant Worf is in his quarters. The genetic patterns are identical.
Helm control activated. [Runabout living section] (Data joins the others for a meal. The runabout is huge, there is even a corridor between the cockpit and this area) Specified energy systems have been initialised. The power transfer can now be engaged. Containment field activated. [Bridge] (the Romulan ship fires at Enterprise. Conn explodes and a Romulan takes the injured crewman's place)
Unable to comply. A thirty percent increase would exceed safety limits.
Scan complete. Terikon particle decay profile does not fall within specified reference range. Probability of match zero point zero four percent.
Scan complete. Terikon profile negative. Scan complete. Terikon profile positive. Ninety eight percent probability of match.
Levels are unchanged. Power conversion levels are at ninety seven point two percent.
There is no log entry from the Shuttlecraft Curie for that stardate.
Unable to comply. Holodeck five is in use. Unable to comply. Holodeck control systems have been bypassed. (then the doors open)
Unable to comply. All power to ejection systems has been terminated and cannot be restored. Computer ready.
Lieutenant Worf is in Ensign Calloway's quarters. (Security arrive)
Alpha four seven authorisation required to activate security channel. Awaiting authorisation. (too late, he's off with the fairies) Captain's log, supplemental. Commander Data and I have recovered the stray torpedo after a three day search. We are enroute back to the Enterprise. [Shuttlecraft] Genetic re-sequencing in progress. DNA to seventy percent normal.
Programme initiated. Enter when ready. [Holodeck - Maranga Outpost]
Jason Vigo is in holodeck four. [Holodeck - rock face] (Jason is climbing without equipment)
That beverage has not been programmed into the replication system. [Bridge] Admiral Riker is in Ten Forward. [Future - Ten Forward]
