(a thirty-something man) Enterprise, I am Aaron Conor. I don't want to be rude, Captain, but we don't wish to interact with outsiders. I'm only responding because of your warning. Yes, I know. We have been tracking it. But our biosphere has been constructed to withstand quakes of eight point seven on the Richter Scale. Evacuate? That is not possible. There must be an alternative. Our environment is sealed. No one can get in or out. Matter-energy? Really? That's quite remarkable. No, I must stay here. But under the circumstances, I will permit a small delegation from your ship inside the biosphere. If only to see this matter-energy transportation you speak of. Good Lord, Martin. What would you have me do? We have nothing to hide. It's them. Look at this, Martin. (Riker, Troi and La Forge appear) (after the credits) Not just reluctant, Miss Troi. It is imperative that we remain. You see, this is an engineered society. Genetically engineered. Our ancestors came from Earth to develop a perfect society. They believed that through controlled procreation, they could create people without flaws and those people would build a paradise. Eight generations of us. Thank you, Martin. Perhaps you've also made it clear there are still a few imperfections we're working on. For the most part, we've achieved a fully integrated existence. Not just among ourselves but with our environment. We don't just live here, we're a part of our environment. it is part of us. Every plant life, every microscopic lifeform is part of a master design. We cannot separate ourselves from it without irreparably altering who and what we are. If we do not survive, the balance of our society won't mean a great deal, will it? (Martin leaves in a huff) I apologise. But he is performing his function as he is designed to do. He is the interpreter of our founders' intentions for this society. Yes, more or less. Obviously, he has no diplomatic talents. I have been bred to fill this specific role. We grow up knowing exactly what our society needs from us. What we are expected to do. Not at all. My entire psychological makeup tells me that I was born to lead. I am exactly what I would choose to be. Think of it another way. Are there still people in your society who have not discovered who they really are, or what they were meant to do with their lives? They may be in the wrong job, they may be writing bad poetry. Or worse yet, they may be great poets working as labourers, never to be discovered. That does not happen here. It is, for us, an ideal existence. We will not give it up easily. Hannah, I'd like you to meet our guests. Hannah Bates is one of our scientists. If there's any way to shore up our defences, Hannah will find it. She has a remarkable talent with theoretical physics. No, no, that would be fine. I'd like you to see it. Disruptive? You mean, what Martin was saying. Too late. The damage is done. I sometimes think that strict interpreters like Martin have forgotten we're still human. We'll adjust, accommodate. Our geneticists are able to screen out any congenital health risks before conception. Our population is diverse enough to maintain a genetic balance in the event of accidental death. But very little that is unexpected occurs here. Am I making this sound incredibly dull? I'll tell you the truth, but I'll deny it if you tell Martin. I've found today exhilarating. Meeting you, meeting new people, with new ideas. A student of human nature? Ah, I'm afraid you wouldn't find much work here, Counsellor. Well in that case, I shall have to have them build one. [Laboratory] No one had ever come here and no one had ever left, until today. This is a date to note in our history books. I don't think they intended us to die, Martin. Temporarily. The circumstances require us to be flexible. You can go, Hannah. I look forward to it. Please, Matthew, continue. (Conor leaves, and Troi follows him) [Biosphere wall] (a transparent divide) It's hard to believe we're about to lose it. A nursery rhyme my mother used to read to me has been running round and round my mind since this all began. Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Why do we tell our children such ghastly stories? We are every bit as fragile as an egg and as impossible to reconstruct. We are integrated and refined to such a degree that any fundamental change would lead to chaos. You have helped. You've been wonderful these past few days. You've been my Counsellor. Friends? That just won't do either. (He kisses her) Will it? I must confess, a part of me knows that if I transport through these walls, you'll be on the other side. (He kisses her again) Terribly wrong. (but they do it anyway) [Engineering] You're up early. Why? I'm not convinced of that. You're angry. Deanna. If we have to evacuate, anything's possible. I need you here. This doesn't have to happen again. Engineering crews? Is there any other choice? Yes, Captain. I cannot adequately express my appreciation to your crew. Is Hannah able to hear me? [Engineering] This is an historic achievement, Hannah. You've done a wonderful thing for our people. We look forward to honouring you appropriately when you return. Thank you again, Captain. Conor out. Captain's log, supplemental. The stellar core fragment has passed safely out of the Moab system. The colony was shaken by powerful temblors, but fortunately there were no injuries and only minor damage was reported. [Courtyard] They've been invaluable, Commander. Thank you again. Would you tell Deanna Troi for me that I'm sorry I didn't have the opportunity to say goodbye personally? A breach in the biosphere. Get Hannah Bates. [Biosphere wall] How long do we have, Hannah? Martin. I want to talk with Captain Picard alone. Thank you, Martin. (Martin leaves) The irony is, he's the one who saw this coming from the moment you arrived. Because I didn't want to hear it, I chose not to listen. No. No, I wish it were that simple, but I can't forgive myself so easily. You see, Captain, I know what Hannah Bates is feeling. I've been feeling it as well. I've found your people intriguing and stimulating as she has. I've been every bit as curious about you as the next man. But I am not the next man. I am the leader of these people. And every genetic fibre in my being demands that I protect them. Instead, I have betrayed them. I have allowed this to happen. Then let us both find a way to stop it from going any further. Picard, I was born to govern this colony, not to dismantle it. If even a handful leave, the damage to this society will be devastating. What about the rights of those who would stay behind? They are the ones who will inherit the social chaos that will follow for generations. Your arrival created this problem. Your departure solves it. Refuse them passage. Nor can you ignore the fact that thousands will suffer if you agree to take them. And as suffering grows, more will demand to leave. We are witnessing the end of this existence. I implore you, Captain, do not let this happen. Captain Picard has decided to grant transport to any individuals who wish to leave Genome Colony. I'm asking you to stay. The experiences of the past week will become part of our heritage. We will adjust. In a few generations, we will be able to Give me six months. Just wait six months before you leave. Hannah, this is your home. We are all, in a sense, your family. Don't we deserve an opportunity to open a dialogue on this issue at the very least? I am only asking for six months. When you're ready to come home, you will be welcome. (Later) Attempt to assess the damage. Spend the rest of my life on the near impossible task of rebuilding this society without the proper pieces. I replay each step of this in my mind, looking for the wrong turn, the mistake in judgement. I can find only one. And as hard as I try, I cannot regret even that one. In fact, I'm quite certain that, given the opportunity, I would choose to make the same mistake again. I can only wonder why, with all the hundreds of genetically compatible women, I would fall in love with you. Perhaps it's your imperfections which make you so unique. But I am in love with you, Deanna Troi, and I will always be. [Ready room]
