Are you here to see Mister Holmes, or perhaps Professor Moriarty? Neither is in just now. Fine. Just put them anywhere. How curious. Why is that? Are you suggesting that it's beyond my comprehension? This has to do with taking James and me into the real world. James has explained it to me. It sounds like a grand adventure. There's nothing I love more than voyaging in the unknown. Have you ever been to Africa, Mister? I have. When I was seventeen I went on safari with my uncle. My mother took to her bed in terror I'd be bitten by tsetse fly, but I had a marvellous time. I got to wear trousers the whole time. It was hard to go back to a corset, I can tell you. After that, I never stopped travelling. I couldn't bear to be stuck in one place for very long. So you see I'm so looking forward to this new experience. My. Travelling the stars. James! (Moriarty and the Countess kiss passionately) We may be closer to freedom than you think, James. These devices will enhance our molecular patterns. They'll help take us into the real world. How thoughtful. Isn't he thoughtful, James? Oh! Bravo. Hello. Have we met? James has told me all about you. I am Regina, Countess Bartholomew. Do sit down. May I offer you some tea, Captain? But not apparently my humility. And you, sir, are a man of charm and guile. You remind me of Viscount Oglethorpe. He was a man could bewitch any woman who breathed. I cannot be certain of your intent, but I am certain that you're the kind of man who usually gets exactly what he wants. He's an exciting man, Captain. He's brilliant, incisive, he's ruthless. He has an almost irresistible appeal. Only because he was written like that. I see him entirely differently, Captain, he is not a villain. More than anything. Can you help us? Oh! Oh, that's splendid. I must tell James. Yes? I see. Forgive me, Captain, but that does sound more like a threat than a compromise. I will do what I can. [Bridge] (the two planets are merging) Yes, James, I'm quite certain. But he won't do it unless you return control of the ship to him. What harm would there be in accepting his proposition? James, when we go leave here, where exactly are we going? I wish I could take my books. I will be so lost without them. Commander. Goodbye, Commander. Thank you for everything. This is so beautiful. James? Can we go back to Earth some day?
