Hurray for the acting Captain! (The entire Engineering crew are out of their skulls)
Captain! Captain, we need help. Don't you see what's following us? (They carry on running) (Picard passes an open door and sees a ballerina in a golden tutu pirouetting) How? Yes, sir. Captain's log. Any time entry is meaningless. We have no choice but to repeat the same warp experiment. but wish one variation. A principal part of this warp formula will be the thoughts of everyone aboard the Enterprise. We have no idea exactly how this works. We understand only that the Traveller makes use of this somehow. It will be most important that those aboard avoid random thoughts that might change the reality of what we're attempting to do. [Bridge]
Engineering here, sir. Back online, sir? They were never off.
Engineering to bridge. The computer won't accept the variant climate controls.
He's up there!
Finished. Just waiting to insert the modules. [Bridge]
We have a green panel, sir. [Science lab] No life forms present.
(at Worf's station) Can I help you, sir?
Commander! Look!
Fire in cargo hold seven.
Bridge to Commander Riker. We're receiving a class eleven emergency signal from Starfleet Command.
Standing by, Commander. [Bridge] Aye, sir. Door did not respond. [Bridge]
Aye, aye, sir.
Aye, sir.
Aye, sir.
What? (She guns him down while the woman runs back round a corner) [Bridge]
Aye, Captain. Captain, unable to transport. For some reason, I can't lock on to the shuttlecraft.
Stand by for transport. (Crusher and Garrett are beamed away)
Lieutenant Barclay, report to Cargo bay five. Now.
Well we're sitting here now. Really? Funny, I don't see your name on it.
Channel open, sir. Channel closed.
Captain, I am detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace frequencies.
Aye, sir. (Ardra is beamed away)
Captain. (The crewman goes round the corner, there's no one else in sight, so Picard rings a doorbell)
Sure. Aye, sir.
Yes, sir. [Cargo bay] (it's a lot brighter in here)
Acknowledged, Commander.
I guess these are my quarters, but I don't remember anything. Okay, sir. Thanks.
Attempting to lock on, sir. [Ten Forward] Bridge, the entire transporter array has been taken off line and placed into diagnostic mode. [Bridge]
Commander, is that what you wanted?  Commander, what happened?  Yes, Doctor. 
We're standing by, Commander.
Go ahead.
We're infected with something. Lieutenant Kelly tried to reprogram the biofilter
Sir. (Riker gets to Deanna's door. She's not in uniform)
Commander.
Transporter room four to Sickbay. They're coming in now. There must be some other way, Captain. Some other choice than firing on them. A direct hit, sir. The ship is destroyed.
All beta shift Engineering personnel are requested to report to main Engineering prior to disembarking.
Here, let me help up.
Aye, sir. [Sickbay]
It hurts! It hurts! Please!
Aye, sir. Stand by. [Sickbay]
Shields down to twenty seven percent. (Riker is knocked down by more hits to the ship, and a Romulan helps him back up)
Aye, sir.
Aye, sir.
Aye, sir. [Sickbay] Aye, sir. [Corridor] (Sito is standing guard)
Aye, sir.
Easy, sir, easy. I've got you.
Enterprise to shuttlecraft Galileo. You are cleared for arrival in shuttlebay two. Captain Picard. We're approaching the Neutral Zone, Captain.
