Take the pig out there, will you? Very good. Shoo, damn you, shoo. O'Brien, is it? (shakes hands) I should have known t'would be a good Irishman that was running this ship. (Picard and Worf enter as Danilo offers a hip flask) Ah, Captain Picard is it. The man who makes decisions for me and mine without so much as a by your leave. (swallows and removed hat) I don't suppose security is much of a problem for you. Danilo Odell, sir, at your service. Captain Picard, sir, we can't leave our animals here to die. Besides, how could we build our future without our animals? Right, lads. Everybody back onto the infernal machine. Captain! Captain, t'was very good of you, sir, to rescue us from our troubles. Sir, you must be worth quite a bit to own a fine ship like this. Whatever. Sir, would you happen to be married? No? Well, you see, sir, I have a daughter. Would you be interested, sir? You're quite sure? He's quite sure. [Observation lounge] My God, Picard, the place is a bloody death trap! Lightning bolts falling from the ceiling! [Cargo hold] What the hell was that thing? What if I had been under that thing? Well, leaving that aside for the moment, I mean, what would have happened to me? Sweet mercy. Commander, may I present my daughter, Brenna Odell. Pay no heed, Commander. She's a fine girl. She's not usually so sharp tongued. Captain, Captain, sir. How did the ship sense the fire? Computer? Ah, Captain, there's just one other thing. It slipped my mind in all the hustle and bustle. Well, in all your travels, have you heard anything from the other colony? Ah, yes, yes. Now, we're brewing poteen, but we need to find a way to heat it without this bloody ship firing bloody lightning bolts at us. Oh, no, no, no. It's not that synthehol bilge that O'Brien offered me, is it? Good. As it should be. You see, lad, every moment of pleasure in life has to be purchased by an equal moment of pain. Whiskey. (a glass appears, and Danilo samples it) Terrible. It's got no bite. Now that's what I call a wee drop of the creature. Remember what I said about the moment of pain? Well, tis about to begin. Hello, my darling. What about them? What do you think? You're no prize yourself. Oh, forget it, Captain Picard. I'm not going to come in here with my hat in my hand begging charity from this blatherskite. Look, man. We are decent, hard working people. We're willing to learn. Well, you put a young couple together and you let nature take its course. I don't quite understand. I think I could handle that, yes. So, it's a done deal? And here's my hand on it. (complete with spit) Right, now, let's go and stake out my three women. Send in the clones. Excuse me, sir. Captain. Thank you. Brenna. Brenna, a word. (He takes her behind some cargo modules to explain the agreement. Meanwhile Granger gazes in awe at a very pregnant woman)
