I understand. Yes, sir. Commander, I must speak with Captain Picard. Please, it's important. Urgent. Commander. Of course. I'm sorry, sir. Yes, Captain. I have a message from Ambassador Spock. He said it involves further cowboy diplomacy. He said you would understand. There's a Corvallen freighter arriving in the Kaleb sector in the next twelve hours. Spock wants you to rendezvous with that ship, bring its cargo back to Federation space. He said it was important to the future of the Romulans and the Federation. Partly. I was ready to come back. Romulus had lost its appeal. The Romulans are very moral, Captain. They have an absolute certainty about what is right and what is wrong, who is a friend and who is an enemy, a strict moral compass which provides them with a clarity of purpose. At one time I found their sense of purpose, their passion and commitment, to be very compelling. As I've grown older, I realise that clarity of purpose is a more ambiguous matter than I had thought in my youth. I don't understand. No. I was told the ship would be at these coordinates. Yes. Well, not exactly. Someone else relayed the message to me, but he said Spock spoke directly to him. I trust the man who spoke to me. He would not have lied. Yes. He's a member of the underground a dissident. He risks his life to work with those who want a different future for Romulus. No, that is not so. The freighter is an old Antares class vessel with limited speed and range. It couldn't have taken on its cargo more than a day ago which means it must be within fifteen light years of here. It didn't seem necessary. And on Romulus you learn not to volunteer information. It's a hard habit to break. That's the ship we were supposed to meet. No, sir. I swear it. Captain, Romulan ships use a forced quantum singularity as a power source. If that system is not functioning perfectly or is damaged even slightly, it might show through the cloak as a magnetic disturbance of some kind. It's a strong possibility, sir. I don't think so, sir. A Romulan Commander's instinct would be to attack. [Warbird bridge] I don't know, sir. The Romulans will sometimes make suicide attacks, but only as a last resort. There's no reason for it here. This is Proconsul M'ret and his aides. They're part of the underground movement.
