It's my own modification. It's more efficient. You can study it if you want to. (say Hi! to Nick Tate, aka Eagle pilot Carter from Space 1999) (Picard and Wesley enter) Captain Picard. Captain Dirgo of the shuttlecraft Nenebek. Yes, Ensign, Captain. My ship isn't pretty, she isn't big, but we've logged almost ten thousand hours together. We should go. Captain, will you take Ops? You've done this before? Your Captain back there. If he isn't tougher than he looks, those miners will tear him apart. The port thruster quad's gone. Guidance coupling's severed. I can't stabilise her. (they plunge towards a planetary system. Picard comes out of the rear compartment) Nenebek to Enterprise, emergency. Do you read? Pentarus station, come in. Communication's gone. Negative. Switching to manual. Fifty million kilometres to Pentarus Five. We may have to put down somewhere else. I'm going to have to throttle back on the main impulse engines. We don't have a choice. Save the impulse engine for controlled entry. We don't have the Federation's resources. Captain, take the helm. I'm rerouting the deuterium flow. Hull temperature seven hundred degrees. We're below mach one. Bypass the thrusters now. All the systems are out. Can't get a communication channel. Location transponder's gone too. Well, the medical supplies are all right. The replicator, damaged beyond repair. This isn't a starship. I have to choose what I carry. These were on board, Captain. They're working. (weapons, on makeshift belts) Are you crazy? They're too far away. We'll never make it. You've got no right to make the decisions. I'm the captain of this ship. No. Did you find water? What are you doing with that? What are you saying? Is something over there, waiting for us? There has to be water in here. Aren't caves formed by water? I wouldn't hide water. That's called dresci. It's from my planet. It's medicinal. It's for emergencies. I was going to share it with you. I'll take my chances. It's mine. I knew there had to be water. (but he is stopped by a forcefield) We can, with our phasers. I think it's working. What was that thing? Are you telling the truth? He's bleeding inside. I've seen it before. He's never going to survive. You're wasting your time. Will you save that dresci for us. That thing did it. What is this getting us? We've got to get to the water. If you're right, we can use a phaser to lure it away. Enough talking, it's time to do something. I'll start firing. When it comes, you fire and draw it away. Put your phaser on automatic. Leave it on that ledge and take cover. Because I'll be firing on the lowest setting. You use maximum. While we are doing that, your Captain is dying. With those wounds, most men would already be dead. If he doesn't get water. When I start firing, you better do your part. (So Dirgo goes up to a ledge and fires. The forcefield instantly appears. Then Wesley's phaser fires and a sentry immediately deals with it. Then it goes after Dirgo and envelopes him. There are screams, then silence. Wesley creeps out of his hiding place. Dirgo is wrapped in selenium fibres and is very dead) First Officer's log, supplemental. Mister La Forge has diverted power from auxiliary fusion generators in an attempt to stabilise the tractor beam. This is the only hope of increasing our towing speed so we can clear the asteroid belt before radiation levels become fatal. [Bridge]
