Let's get this over with, Picard. Even in death, K'mpec makes foolish decisions. You should not be involved in this, human. One hour? What is the delay? Exactly one hour, Picard. Do not be late. (Worf and K'Ehleyr enter) Keep that pahtk away from the ceremony, Picard. He has no place on a Klingon ship. Qab jiH nagil! (slightly more sadistically than Gowron) Now, complete the Rite of Succession. It's obvious who the two challengers are. No! Finish it here, now! (There's an explosion, people go flying) [K'Ehleyr's quarters] The Council must have a leader now! Complete the rite so I can kill this ha'DIbah. You have already proved you don't have the courage to face me. Perhaps you should plant another bomb! (they square up to fight) This woman has been giving you bad advice, Picard. The ja'chuq is obsolete. What is this? I will not sit at the same table with that! We will not proceed. It was a bomb. This is pointless! The findings were inconclusive. I will return to my ship to confirm these conclusions myself. Advise my counsellors on the Vorn to convene. There is much to discuss. What is this? Distract the guard for me. I have been informed of your attempt to access restricted Council records. Worf's father was a traitor. You would dare to insult my father's name? Do not pursue this matter further. What is that doing here? You have no rights here, traitor! I'm the only one, Worf, the only one who can prove your innocence. Kill me and you're a traitor for ever.
You claim a birthright you have forsaken? Yet you come to us wearing a child's uniform, and you bring outsiders to our Great Hall. Your words mean nothing here. For many turns, the truth about Khitomer has lain dormant. Unknown. Now the truth has been revealed. The traitor Mogh sent the defence access codes to the Romulan patrol ships, allowing them to destroy the outpost. Thousands died on Khitomer. My father died on Khitomer. Their deaths must be avenged. Your father was a traitor. By posing this challenge, you are a traitor. (Duras tears off Worf's baldric) You will not wear the emblems of our people. You are a fool and your challenge can only result in a fool's death. The time has not yet come. It does not have to come for many turns. I know who you are, Kurn. Son of Mogh. It was a wise choice to hide your family name. Do not err by embracing it again, for you only embrace death. Worf has made a choice and he will die for it. You can still be safe. Let him stand alone. Then you will die for him. (Duras leaves and a pair of assassins approach, one from each end of the tunnel. Kurn fights well, but is finally stabbed in the stomach) [Sickbay] I will not hear lies from the son of a traitor. (Picard steps between Worf and Duras) Keep your place, Picard! This is not your world, human. You do not command here. Then you must be ready to fight. Something that Starfleet doesn't teach you. The Romulans lowered the outpost shields themselves. They were given the defense access code! The record clearly show the Romulan patrol ship receiving a personal transmission from Mogh seconds before the shields fell. The Khitomer commander noted in his log that Mogh had been acting suspiciously. (Picard moves away to take his call privately) Another witness has testified that Mogh often spoke of his admiration for the Romulans. Their culture. Their women. Mogh betrayed us, and four thousand Klingons died on Khitomer. Only the son of Mogh survived. The evidence is clear. I would ask that the judgment stand. That Worf be condemned as the son of a traitor to the Empire. What is it you think you know, old woman? She will die before she gives evidence. I have no reluctance to kill you, human. You have no say in this, cha'DIch! Not acceptable. His honour would demand revenge. You would do this in open council?
