That's when it would break the light barrier? How long, Mirasta? My opponents look back as I look forward. I cannot believe that my people would choose to retreat after all we've done. I will not allow them to remain in the dark ages. The warp programme will proceed as you have outlined, Mirasta. And then we will slow down, Krola, to let everyone catch their breath. Including you. [Mirasta's lab] (Mirasta is punching buttons when two figures beam in) Call her back. See if the Vice-Chancellor will do. All right. Send them in. (Mirasta enters, follows by Picard, but Durken hasn't noticed) Always time to meet your friends, Mirasta. A machine? Captain Picard, is there someplace we might speak together without distraction? Not a word to anyone about this, Mirasta. We have something very much like this here on Malcor Three. And much that is not in common. You speak the language of diplomacy very well, Captain. It is a language I appreciate and understand, but I have learned to not always trust it. My world's history has recorded that conquerors often arrived with the words, we are your friends. What do you want? And if my wishes should conflict with yours? And if I should tell you to leave and never return to my world? I can infer from that directive that you do not intend to share all this exceptional technology with us. Is this your way of maintaining superiority? You're right, of course. I'm overwhelmed, Captain Picard. I'm quite overwhelmed. I go home each night to a loving wife, two beautiful daughters. We eat the evening meal together as a family, I think that's important. And they always ask me if I've had a good day. I will have to say this morning, I was the leader of the universe as I knew it. This afternoon, I am only a voice in a chorus. But I think it was a good day. [Riker's hospital room] (Riker is out of bed and looking for a way out when a woman enters) Their leader, Picard, has made it clear that how we proceed is entirely our own decision. I have seen their vessel, Krola. If they chose to be hostile, I do not think we would be standing here now. I do not lay down in fear, to them or to you, Krola. What are you saying, Krola? You knew about this, Mirasta? What else do you know, Mirasta? Everything! Where is this Commander Riker now? You are punctual, Captain. Do you? I think you know a great deal more about me than I know about you. You speak of trust and peace and working together to enter a new era, and at the same time you conduct secret surveillance posing as Malcorians. Commander Riker. Yes, she's tried to accept the responsibility. I can appreciate the logic of your position, Captain. But it would seem a full disclosure after contact would have been in order. Yes. A mistake I might have made in your place. I rather like it actually. That you make mistakes like any man. We'll talk again later, Captain. If I did not depend so much on your expertise in space matters, I would have asked for your resignation. When you are selected to occupy this office, then you will have the privilege of deciding the best interests of our people. Picard I can excuse, but you, Mirasta, you should have trusted me. I can't afford to be the idealist you are, Mirasta. I am prepared to release Riker after we have interrogated him. Krola? They were struggling for the weapon? You're aboard the starship, my foolish old friend. I know. I know. [Ready room] Mirasta, it goes against every instinct in my being. My people are not ready to accept what you represent. Everything that happened in the hospital proves it. And Krola is the best evidence of all. We must slow down and allow all those like him to join us in the present before we can move into the future. The warp programme will have to be delayed. We will divert more resources to education and social development to prepare for the day when we are ready. I know. Captain, you once said if I ask you to leave, you would without hesitation. I'm afraid I must ask you to do just that. We're a good people, Captain. A society with much potential. Once we cross the threshold of space, we will have to give up this self-importance, this conceit that we are the centre of the universe. But this is not the time for that. For now, we will have to enjoy that sweet innocence. The stories will be told for many years, I have no doubt. Of the ship that made contact, of an alien who was held prisoner in the medical facility. There'll be charges of a government conspiracy. Some of the witnesses will tell their tales and most people will laugh at them, and go back and watch more interesting fiction of the daily broadcasts. It will pass. She will be unhappy with the restrictions I must place on her at home, Captain. With luck, we'll both be around to renew our friendship, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
