Well. finally. How are you feeling? Kamin, can you answer me? You're still feverish. Kamin. Kamin, please don't get up yet. You're still not well. This is your home, of course. Please, dear, you've had a high fever for three days. You mustn't push yourself too quickly. Kamin? You really shouldn't go outside. [Courtyard] (bright sunshine and a feeling of a hot, slightly arid environment) Kamin, please come back inside. (But Picard marches off to explore) [Town square] (from the cool shade of a colonnade, Picard watches a tree-planting ceremony) Thank goodness. I've had people out trying to find you everywhere. Why did you worry us like that? Are you hungry? You think this, your life, is a dream? I've kept something hot for you. Where did you go? And you're just out of bed. (she hands him a plate of soup) You always say that. Of course. The usual way, by voice-transit conductor. Do you want to send a message? Tomorrow. Don't you want to ask about us? Three years ago. The happiest day of my life was the day we got married. You're the best iron weaver in the community. At least I think so. You prefer playing the flute, of course. Yes. (she fetches him a penny whistle decorated with a tassel) I'm afraid you never did, dear, but you keep trying. (he gives it a trial blow) Of course. Will you come to bed? Kamin, please come with me. Let me be the judge of that. (as she leans forward he sees a pendant on a necklace - it is the same Kamin, this is the first gift you ever gave me. [Bridge] You've been dreaming of that starship of yours again, haven't you? I think you're still trying to figure out where you are. Where that ship of yours is. How to get back to that life. Was your life there so much better than this? So much more gratifying, so much more fulfilling, that you cling to it with such stubbornness? It must have been extraordinary. But never in all of the stories you've told me have you mentioned anyone who loved you as I do. Yes, I can. I've been patient, Kamin. For five years I've shared you with that other life. I've listened, I've tried to understand, and I have waited. When do I get you back? When will you let go? When will you start living this life? When will we start a family? No, thank you. You do very well on your own. Batai? Go home. Go carefully, Batai. (Batai leaves) Don't forget these. (picks up his shoes) I won't put them away for you again. I've done nothing but nag all day. I'm sorry. No. You're a good man. A wonderful husband. I didn't mean You're gentle and kind. You never once raised your voice to me. Kamin, you've built your telescope, your laboratory. You don't need my permission for something new. What is it? Really? Really? No. (They embrace and kiss) [Bridge] Meribor. [Living room] (the little girl runs to Eline, who is holding a baby) Meribor, this is your brother's ceremony. Don't fidget now. We name you Batai, in his honour. It seems like only yesterday we had Meribor's naming ceremony. Go on. She's no lady. Tromping through the hills with you all day, digging up those soil samples you insist upon collecting. No, she's her father's daughter. Kamin, what is it? (Picard collapses) Get the doctor. Hurry! [Bridge] I put away your shoes for you again. You know, I've been looking through this thing off and on for over thirty years, and I still don't see what you and Meribor find so fascinating. You treat me like some frail flower. People have surgery all the time. (flute music starts up) He loves playing. He's quite good at it, don't you think? I think he has. Maybe you should talk to him. Even after all these years you still have the ability to surprise me. Are you still planning to talk to the Administrator tomorrow? Unless, of course, you keep quiet. What a surprise. [Town square] You see? I go to any lengths to get your attention. Doctor, thank you. (Doctor leaves) Batai, leave us alone for a moment. I need to talk to my husband. (Batai leaves) Did you show the Administrator your evidence? So, he won't throw you off the Council? Good. Remember, put your shoes away. Yes, my love. The rest of us have been gone for a thousand years. If you remember what we were, and how we lived, then we'll have found life again. Now we live in you. Tell them of us, my darling. [Bridge]
