I am Captain Endar of the warship Q'Maire. To whom am I speaking? Your actions are duly noted. We will forward coordinates for immediate transport. Jono. What is his condition? Is he injured? No explanation is warranted, Captain. He is my son. Captain's log, supplemental. Captain Endar's claim that Jeremiah Rossa is his son is clearly unacceptable. However, to avoid escalating tensions, I have invited the Talarian leader to come aboard the Enterprise so that we may address the issue face to face. [Ready room] Yes, I was in charge of the force that repelled the trespassers on Galen Four. I must say your Federation troops fought tenaciously. I suppose. After the battle, I found this squalling child huddled by the body of a young woman, his mother presumably. There was almost no one left alive on Galen Four. Was I to leave him screaming by his mother's body? I took him in accordance with my peoples' traditions. I lost my son at the hands of humans during the conflict over Castal One. Talarian custom allows me to claim the son of a slain enemy. What are you talking about? Nonsense. I've never harmed Jono. Broken arm? Youth. Have you ever been a father, Picard? Have you ever had a son desperately try to win your approval, your respect? Jono broke his ribs riding on a t'stayan. Six hooves. A very powerful beast. The arm, in a contest with other youths. He endured the pain and won the competition. One day, he will be a great warrior. A heritage long since forgotten. Then under no circumstances will I allow your ship to leave our territory. And I've already called for reserved forces into the sector. Would you not for your only son? Then help me to avoid it. If you will allow me to see Jono, it will be clear to you I have been a good father. He has grown up happy in my keeping. [Doctor's office] Jono, my son. (They touch foreheads, Picard and Troi turn their backs) Have they treated you well? Except what? That's all right. I know you've mourned in your heart. Well, Jono what do you think of these humans? They want to keep you, you know. You've reached the age of decision. What is your choice? Do you want to stay? Then you shall not. I'm returning to the Q'Maire. I will give the humans with a choice. If they do not make the one we know is right, it may lead to war. You may die. I do not accept that decision. I repeat, you will prepare my son for immediate transport. If he is not aboard the Q'Maire in five minutes, you will suffer the consequences. (Transmission ends)
