Captain Picard, what happened? We detected no malfunctions before the explosion. Everything seemed to be running as smoothly as the other flights. Were you able to save the pilot? I'm sorry. Compared to the Enterprise's, our sensors are rather primitive. I doubt they contain any information that your sensors overlooked. I understand. We'll transmit the information. Can we be of any further assistance? That may be difficult. The only source I know is in the Sigma Erani system. And I can't guarantee they'll have any. For obvious reasons, no one wants to keep it around. In fact, even I may stop selling it. It's just too dangerous. Wondrous. The detail. The balance. Was I not right, Varria? What a remarkable piece of work. The voice simulation. it's perfection. The inflections, the timing. (Fajo snaps his fingers to test Data's responses, then speaks to him as if Data does not understand English, complete with gestures) It took great effort. Effort. to bring you here. I was sure he'd be worth it. I was right. Certainly. You have been brought here for my enjoyment and my appreciation. Captive? Captive? That's such an inappropriate description. My dear android. May I call you Data? Data. You will be catered to, fawned over, cared for as you never have been before. Your every wish will be fulfilled Almost every wish. It's so single minded, isn't it? But it's very polite, which is a very nice touch. I decline to allow you to go. Ten androids just like you might be able to force that thing open. But then again, there aren't any more just like you, are there? It's keyed to galvanic skin responses and DNA patterns. Sorry. Oh. Really, I wouldn't do that again if I were you. This is a proximity-actuated field. It impedes positron flow. It's very bad for the brainpaths in the long term. Well, just look around the room. There are items her gathered from half the galaxy. Right here. This is the very first Basotile ever created. (a sort of avant-guard sculpture) Sorry. (Fajo moves so Data can see it) It's very, very ancient. Hundreds of years old. It's priceless. (He goes past a beautiful porcelain urn on a stand to an orange rectangular thing) Come. This vase is made by Mark, the late Mark Off-Zel from Sirrie Four. (painting) Dali. This is the only known Roger Maris trading card from Earth circa 1962. The smell? Bubblegum. I've preserved the scent. What? A Lapling. (A glove puppet with huge blue eyes in a case) Extinct? Good. That is what is generally believed. She is the last surviving member of her species. They're very defenseless creatures, really. Everything that you see in the room here, everything. One of its kind. Unique. All original. Just as you are. There. (a chair) That is your place of honour. Sit, sit. Sit! You think perhaps it might be uncomfortable? But then again, you don't give a thought to comfort, do you. (to Varria) When Palor Toff learns of that, he'll swallow his tongue with envy. I can't wait to see his face. You are the crown jewel of my collection. You're a treasure beyond comparison. (The comm. beeps) I think you should be flattered. I know, I know. What I've done is evil, selfish, immoral, unprincipled, illegal. Well, I've learned to live with it. They've had four days to decide! Why do they have to decide right! Sorry. You'll get used to it. [Data's quarters] You are still wearing that uniform. Why? You are not in Starfleet any longer. It's time you adjusted your programme to accept reality. Oh? What a marvellous contradiction. A military pacifist. Tell me, whose dreadful decision was it to enlist you in Starfleet to begin with? Data, Data, Data. Big mistake. A grievous error. You belong in Starfleet about as much as I belong in a verbal contract. Tell me, have you killed yet? Shame on you. Shame on you. How neatly you rationalise your capabilities. How can you just casually accept your role in murder? Can't you see how much better it will be for you right here? The intellectual rewards alone. Our personal exploration of the galaxy. I am at war with no one. I am your liberator. Perhaps. Perhaps you would not judge me so harshly if you knew of my desperate youth, wasted, wasted on the streets of Zimballia. Well, it doesn't matter. It isn't true anyway. My father was quite wealthy, actually. He was a thief. Data, why don't you put on these lovely new clothes and sit on the chair. You are going to be much more of a challenge than I had first thought. (goes to replicator) Finoplak, one hundred denkirs. (A vial of liquid appears) Now, Data, in the meantime, here is something for your logic circuits to analyse. (Fajo thrown the liquid onto Data's uniform, which begins to smoke and dissolve) Oh, don't worry. The solvent won't harm your, your skin. But in seconds it will completely dissolve that uniform. Personally, I'd be delighted to see you go around naked. I assume you have no modesty. But, then, I guess that decency is the rule of your Starfleet training. In any case, Data, why don't you make a decision about which alternative you dislike the least. Make a decision by dinnertime tonight. I have invited a guest to meet you, and I expect you to be as entertaining with him as you have been with me. [Geordi's quarters] (Rest is not coming easily. Dreams are intervening) I've got four of them. Please. Pearls were added by the Ferengi agents to increase the value. Mister Data, I'm delighted to see that you dressed for the occasion. Say hello to my very good friend, Palor Toff. (Data remains still and silence. Passive resistance in action) Data, say hello. No need to be shy. This is not a mannequin. This is Data. This is formerly Lieutenant Commander Data of the Federation Starfleet. The only sentient android in existence. That's because it's playing a stupid little game with us. I don't find this amusing. I demand that you behave normally. Behave normally! I know you can hear me! (Fajo raises his hand to Data, which means the proximity field hits, and Data topples forward stiff as a board) I apologize for this. (to Data) You'll regret this. [Bridge] I would very much like our relationship to change. Why can't you just comply? Why do you argue all the time? Couldn't you just go sit on the chair? Come on. Go on, sit on the chair. You will. You may believe it right now, but you will. (There is a wall safe behind one of his display items, a necklace. Fajo tries to hide the combination from Data, then removes a gun) Have you ever seen one of these, Data? Well, no. It's a prototype for a Varon-T disruptor. Oh, yes. They only manufactured five of them. I own four. I sleep with one under my pillow at night, and I sleep very well knowing it's there too. Do you know why? It's not just lethal. It's vicious. It tears a body apart, inside out, and very slowly too by your phaser standards. It's tortuous. A very, very painful death. I've always wanted to try this. That goes without saying. Please come in. (Varria enters) Varria, how long have we been together, my dear? Fourteen wonderful years they were too. She was barely an adult when I found her. She was idealistic, naive, full of dreams. And I made those dreams come true, too, didn't I? I'm going to miss you. (Fajo points the disruptor at Varria) It's your fault. You knew the price for disobedience. And so did she. Well, there's always another Varria. (Data picks up the disrupter and points it at Fajo) You won't hurt me. Fundamental respect for all living beings. That is what you said. I'm a living being, therefore you can't harm me. Or what? You'll fire? Empty threat and we both know it. Why don't you accept your fate? You will return to your chair and you will sit there. You will entertain me and you will entertain my guests. And if you do not, I will simply kill somebody else. Him, perhaps. It doesn't matter. Their blood will be on your hands too, just like poor Varria's. Your only alternative, Data, is to fire. Murder me. That's all you have to do. Go ahead. Fire. If only you could feel rage over Varria's death. If only you could feel the need for revenge, then maybe you could fire. But you're just an android. You can't feel anything, can you? It's just another interesting intellectual puzzle for you. Another of life's curiosities. Wait. Your programme won't allow you to fire. You cannot fire. No. (A transporter beam takes hold of Data) [Transporter room] Oh, have you come to see me to repent? Is this your final satisfaction? Want to see me beg for mercy? You're not going to get any of that from me. Our roles are reversed, aren't they, Data? You're the collector now. Me, I'm in a cage. Just don't count me out too quickly. I had you in my collection once. I can have you there again. It must give you great pleasure.
