(an alien lady) Well, that's why I want to increase the stream density. That should boost the lift capacity by seventy two percent. Not if we distribute the overload evenly throughout the system. Commander, I know you're here to evaluate this project. And will your opinion be the deciding factor? What's your feeling so far? Commander I know we've had problems here. It seems like nothing's gone right. It's taking a lot longer than I thought to get the particle stream to full strength. But I know it can work. This is the direction that mining is going to take in the future, and it should be implemented on Carema Three. All right, I want to show you something I've been working on. Something that might help us complete this project more quickly. I've used these on a limited basis (everything shakes, alarms go off) It took four months to get the particle flux up to this level. If we shut down, it'll take another four months just to get it back. Then we'll just have to fix the power grid. Well here's the perfect opportunity to show you what I had in mind. (she picks up a device and puts it in the conduit opening) This is an exocomp, the experiment I was telling you about. (she uses a PADD, the device lights up, materialises a tool at the front and flies off down the conduit) If it doesn't work, we'll still have time to shut down the fountain. Mister Data, I was hoping I'd have a chance to meet you. I've done extensive studies of your positronic network. Thank you. This should make it clear, Commander. Is it true that your computational speed is limited only by the physical separation of your positronic links? I see. But how did you resolve the signal fragmentation? (as they head out into the corridor) Yes. That's fascinating. Does the sequencer require any buffering system to eliminate interference? [Engineering] We've been using devices like this on Tyrus Seven for years. The basic unit is a common industrial servo mechanism. A few years ago I started tinkering with one. This is the result. Oh, the exocomps don't come close to Data's sophistication. That's what I call them. Let's say you had an anti-matter flow converter that was fluctuating. How would you repair it? With what? Okay. Let me input the problem into the exocomp. A fluctuating anti-matter flow converter. Now, let's see what happens. (the little machine materialises a tool to use) It's more than that. I designed the exocomps to be problem solvers. Whenever they perform a task they've never done before, the micro-replicator creates new circuit pathways within the unit's memory. Exactly. The more situations they encounter, the more circuit pathways they build. They become better tools as they work. Commander, I'm hoping the experimental stage is over. When are we supposed to brief Captain Picard on the status of the particle fountain? Good. I'll have a proposal to make. [Ready room] Captain, I know you're supposed to give your evaluation to Starfleet today. I'd like you to postpone that report another forty eight hours. I realise that, sir. If you're going to make a recommendation to Starfleet about using the particle fountain on Carema, it seems only fair that you should see it operating at full strength. I think I can complete the project and boost the efficiency of the particle stream if I use exocomps, the new devices I've constructed. Yes, sir. I've been testing them on a limited basis, but I think they're ready to be used on a larger scale. I'm willing to take that risk. Thank you, sir. If possible, I'd like Commander Data to work with me. Commander, there's a plasma conduit in one of the access tunnels that's ready to be sealed. It's the perfect job for an exocomp. Well, Mister Data, what is your analysis so far? I hope Commander La Forge and Captain Picard agree with you. It didn't finish sealing the plasma conduit. Let me end it back in. Maybe there's a malfunction in the control processor. Let me see if I can override it. (she drops the control pad) I'm all right. The control pad just overloaded. What's the matter with this thing? (then an explosion comes out of the access tube) Second officer's log, stardate 46315.5. The unexplained behaviour of the exocomp has greatly puzzled both Doctor Farallon and myself. We have brought the defective unit to the Enterprise for investigation. [Engineering] (they wire up the exocomp to a wall display) The exocomp came out of the plasma conduit. We tried to override the commands and send it back in, but it just shut down. It's been completely unresponsive ever since. Oh, no. Sometimes an exocomp starts forming large numbers of new pathways totally at random. Eventually, it reaches a point where it shuts down. Just like this one. Once the exocomp is this badly corrupted, it's useless. You have to erase the unit and start all over again, and there's no time for that now. Yes, Commander. You have the right to point out that you told me so. I'm sorry. I guess I'm touchy these days. Well, I'd better get back to it. Thanks, Commander. (Farallon leaves) I wanted a quiet cup of tea before I went back. Gathering strength, I guess. Thank you, Commander. I'm grateful. You were right. I'm trying to move too fast. I guess I lack that conservative streak most scientists have. I always seem to be out there on the edge, taking chances. Anything to get to the top of the tree. Oh, no I fell all the time. Usually breaking a bone in the process. I just never let it stop me. You're right about that, Commander. I've spent the last six years of my life on this project. It's the first thought I have when I wake up, and the last before I go to bed. Whatever it takes to prove this technology, I'll do it. [Sickbay] (Crusher is making repairs to her own right arm) With the help of the exocomps, I think we will. Don't worry. They know who's in charge. (Data beams in) Why? Is there something wrong with them? Captain, I object to being called here. I'm wasting time that could be better spent elsewhere. Do you have any basis for that conclusion? That could have been nothing more than a malfunction. You're anthropomorphising these units. Like any mechanical devices, they occasionally malfunction. One time, I saw an exocomp enter a reaction chamber for no apparent reason and vaporise itself. Is that supposed to make me think it was depressed and suicidal? And I have nothing but the utmost respect and admiration for Doctor Soong's accomplishment. But his intention was to create an artificial life form. I created the exocomps to be tools. And there is a big difference between Data and a tool. Captain, that's absurd. That's like me telling you not to use your tricorder. Neither are exocomps. If it does possess a survival instinct, as Mister Data claims, it will exit the tube before the minute is up in order to save itself. Well, Captain, I think we've spent more than enough time answering this question. I hope the outcome wasn't too much of a disappointment for you, Mister Data. It certainly came as no surprise to me. You're welcome. We're definitely making progress, Captain. I'm not sure we'll be at full capacity within the forty eight hour deadline, but we'll be close. That's true, but I'm sure it's the last real problem. I understand, sir. We're going to do our best. (and the lights go out) This is strange. Primary power is still online. I don't think so. Something seems to be drawing power into the main particle impeller. That's not a good sign. It could mean (the place rocks) We've lost internal confinement. The particle stream is beginning to surge. Captain, I might still Where's Takenta? He was over there, near the impeller control. Captain, you'll be trapped here. (Picard beams them away) We're fine, sir. But Captain Picard, Commander La Forge and one of my men [Bridge] Are still on the station. Commander we barely managed to transport off ourselves. The field ionisation is too intense. [Bridge] We'd never get there in time. We'd have to configure the torpedo very carefully. The shape of the shock wave would be critical. But it could work. Commander, maybe the exocomps can help us. I can programme their boridium power cells to explode on command. They can be configured just like a photon torpedo, but it would only take a couple of minutes. I could disconnect their command pathways before I programme them. Commander Riker, we're ready. [Bridge] All right. I've enabled their command pathways. They haven't shut down. Something we haven't considered? Are you suggesting they have superior intelligence? I must admit you've given me a lot to think about, Commander Data. I don't exactly know what the exocomps are, but you can be assured that until I do, I won't be treating them as simple tools. I hope they will. And I predict that in a year or two you will be able to recommend the technology to Starfleet.
