You hungry? You want something to eat? (Beverly stares impassively straight ahead) I doesn't matter to me. You want to be hungry, be hungry. What's your name? You're a doctor on a Federation starship. I always wondered what it would be like to travel across the galaxy. It's not something I've exactly had time for. This isn't the best way to meet new people, is it? If you need anything, ask for me. My name is Kyril Finn. They know me. [Ready room] You hungry? You want something to eat? Relax, relax. I'm just going to (He unshackles her ankles and then her wrists) Now eat something. What's the point of not eating? You're the only one who suffers. Do I look like it's bothering me? Okay, it's bothering me. Come on. (She takes the plate from him, and eats) No forks. Sorry. Did I mention my name is Finn? And you're? I need a doctor. I need someone better. I heard you were with the Federation flagship and I knew you had to be. I heard. Now you'll help me, just like you helped them. Your ship carries medical supplies for them, for the other side. Why does the Federation ally itself with the Rutians? Medical supplies. I know. I hurt them. You're finished eating. Get up. Get up! You'll be with him again, Doctor. I see no reason to kill you. [Infirmary] (The whole place is a very big cavern, with lighting, and people working. Finn hands Beverly her tricorder and takes her behind a glass wall to the infirmary area) You think if I allow you to contact your ship, they will transport the instruments? And since the Federation does not wish to take sides, they will send the supplies that you need. I've anticipated your needs. (A boy comes in carrying boxes) I heard. [Alexana's office] You can't do anything? You could reverse the damage? It's the inverter. It's given our cause a new life, but it asks for our lives in return. We transport through a dimensional shift that the Rutian sensors can't trace. There are risks, the designers told us, But it works. It doesn't matter. Don't you know? A dead martyr's worth ten posturing leaders. [Engineering] (Data and Wesley are examining the terrorist device) I can do both. I take my killing very seriously, Doctor. You are an idealist. Your origins on Earth are from the American continent, are they not? Yes, I've read your history books. This is a war for independence, and I am no different than your own George Washington The difference between generals and terrorists, Doctor, is only the difference between winners and losers. You win, you're called a general. You lose How much innocent blood has been spilled for the cause of freedom in the history of your Federation, Doctor? How many good and noble societies have bombed civilians in war, have wiped out whole cities. And now that you enjoy the comfort that has come from their battles, their killing, you frown on my immorality? I am willing to die for my freedom, Doctor. And in the finest tradition of your own great civilisation, I'm willing to kill for it, too. [Alexana's office] Because of her? While they arrange for the Rutian police to fill up the detention cells. I'm sure he does. Your Federation colleagues have engineered mass arrests to pressure me into releasing you. They're working with the police. He's seen it with his own eyes. I'm not releasing you. I need you here. Is your son on the ship? I'm sorry he's on the ship. They have joined forces with the Rutians against us. They are more valuable to me than an enemy. For seventy years we have shouted, and no one's heard us. Destroy the Federation flagship, someone will listen. They are the ones who interfered. They are the ones who sent medical supplies. They are the ones who organised mass arrests. They are killing your son, not me. I had a son, too. He was thirteen when he died in detention. [Corridor] (A female terrorist jumps into the corridor) I didn't kill your son, Beverly. We weren't able to destroy the ship. We had to settle for him. She wouldn't even tell me her name. I call her Doctor. Oh? On the contrary, I'm counting on it. Captain, the Federation has a lot to admire in it, but there's a hint of moral cowardice in your dealings with non-aligned planets. You're doing business with a government that is crushing us and you say you're not involved. You're very, very much involved. You just don't want to get dirty. I am been fighting the only war that I can against an intractable enemy. Now, I'm fighting a big war against a more powerful adversary. Can't you see how that helps me? You added the chair, Captain. I am simply forcing you to sit in it. The Federation will quickly tire of our little war. They'll want you back. They will want to get as far away from Rutia as they can. And I will not make it easy. Eventually, the Federation will force the government into make concessions. And then a few more, and then a few more. Until we can finally reach an honourable agreement that saves face for all sides. Except we win. You've already cooperated, Captain, just by coming here. [Corridor] (Finn jumps in, in pain, as Troi is walking along) I am not here to hurt you. Just hear what I have to say. Your people are safe. How long they stay that way depends on you. We demand an embargo and trade sanctions levied against Rutia. The Federation will blockade the planet. No ships will be allowed in or out. This will continue until the government of Rutia consents to talks mediated by a Federation council. You have twelve hours to make your decision. [Bridge] You're glad to see your Captain. I may have to kill him. I just wanted to warn you. He will not help us. You may be able to convince him, perhaps. Not I. If our places were reversed, I would expect to die. I've treated you with respect. You haven't tasted real fear yet, Doctor. No, but it's a good one. Doctor. I don't want you to fear me. (He gives her his sketch book. He's been doing studies of her eyes) [Cavern] (The rescue party of combined police and Starfleet forces beam into an unoccupied passage. They use small devices to knock out terrorists they find as they make their way to the main area)
