Then you can identify this object, Mister Picard. I suppose I should say Captain Picard. To clarify. I insisted and your First Officer was good enough to accommodate me. I trust I'm not being overly presumptuous, now that my star pupil is master of the stars. Is that your conclusion, Mister Picard. Forgive me again. I should say Captain. Yes? Well done. I happened to be in the neighbourhood last summer. I couldn't resist. Go ahead. It's yours, Jean-Luc. Graciously, Mister Picard. You could accept it graciously. We may have considerably more than that. I am currently on an expedition. A journey into an unexplored and historical territory, and I intend to take you with me. Captain's log, supplemental. It's been over thirty years since I last saw my archaeology professor. His presence has taken me back to a time when I had considered a very different career. [Ten Forward] Please. And as a result my reputation has no doubt grown. The Satarran of Sothis Three disdained them, but as a general idea, your statement holds. Are you familiar with micropaleontology? No. The work continued. I made a discovery so profound in its implications that silence seemed the wisest course. This work has occupied my every waking thought, it's intruded upon my dreams, it's become my life. When finished and I announce my findings, it will be heard half way across the galaxy. I'm cannot, Mister Picard. That information comes with a price. Your agreement to join me on the final leg of this expedition. Three months, perhaps a year. If I had complete diplomatic access and a starship, it'd be a matter of weeks. But as it is, we'll have only my shuttle and whatever arrangement we can make with transports, combined with our talents. I'm not a young man. There will be hazards along the way. I don't want my own inadequacies to jeopardise the completion of this work. To History. What if you could have helped Schliemann discover the City of Troy, or been with M'Tell as she first stepped on Ya'Seem. How could anything compare? Dream not of today, Mister Picard. As I recall, you missed that question on the final exam. Thank you. Good morning, Mister Picard. The Vulcan ship will take us as far as DS Four. An Al-Leyan transport is scheduled to arrive at the station three weeks later. They'll take us as far as Caere, and then we'll use the shuttle to get us to Indri Eight, our first stop. This is not some undergraduate study project that you're turning down. This is the chance of a lifetime. Don't make the same mistake twice. What are you doing at this very moment? A study mission. You're like some Roman centurion out patrolling the provinces, maintenancing a dull and bloated Empire. I know this. I know that as a scholar, you're nothing but a dilettante. Years ago, I gave you the opportunity to become the finest archaeologist of your generation. Your achievements could have outstripped even my own, but no, you decided to reject a life of profound discovery. You walked out on me. Will you come with me? I'll be going. There's nothing for me here. Goodbye, Captain. Captain's log, supplemental. We have completed our mission in the nebula and are en route to a diplomatic conference on Atalia Seven. I must admit I've lost my enthusiasm for those proceedings. [Bridge] Jean-Luc, I was too harsh. [Observation lounge]
