Yes. To where? You'll explain now, Commander. Very well. Rachel Garrett. How's my ship? Where did you come from? We weren't picking up any other Federation ships in this sector. We were answering the distress signal. You must have heard it. From the Klingon outpost, Narendra Three. But you didn't, did you? This Sickbay, I've never seen like it, even on a starbase. And your uniform. What ship is this, Captain? I must insist. What ship? Twenty two years. Does my crew know yet? I must tell them. I owe them that. Is there some reason they should not be told? Return to the battle? We barely escaped with our lives. If we returned, we'd be destroyed. There was a fierce volley of photon torpedoes. We were hit. A bright light, and then here. We were responding to a distress call from the Klingon outpost on Narendra Three. The Romulans were attacking it. We engaged them, but there were four warbirds. Lieutenant, how's the ship? Concentrate on the weapon systems. From what Captain Picard told me, the Federation can use all the help it can get. Why wasn't I informed, Mister Castillo? As senior officer, I want you to be my liaison to the Enterprise-D. Coordinate with Tactical. I'm resuming my duties, Doctor. Nonsense. Doctors always over-protect their patients. Doctor, my ship and crew need me now. Twenty four hours might as well be twenty four years. [War room] Do you believe this Guinan? Captain, I would be lying to you if I told you there was a chance in hell of coming out of this alive. Why doesn't your ship come back with us? The Romulans would be no match for your weaponry. No, I suppose not. You don't belong in our time any more than we belong in yours. To be honest, Picard, a significant number of my crewmembers have expressed a desire to return, even knowing the odds. Some because they can't bear to live without their loved ones, some because they don't like the idea of slipping out in the middle of a fight. But I have told them that in the here and now, the Federation needs another ship against the Klingons. And we'd better get used to being in the here and now. And you're saying all this may be a result of our arrival here? Mister Castillo. Inform the crew we're going back. The Romulans will get a good fight. We'll make it one for the history books. Transporter room, Captain Picard is ready to return to his ship. Red Alert! Full power to shields. Ready phasers. Enterprise-D [1701D Bridge] Load torpedo bays. (There's a big explosion. Garrett is hit) [1701D Bridge]
