So when you return from school tonight, I'll be meeting with the village elders. Gia. Gia, go home. Now. Who are you? What do you want? (Gia hides to watch) What's wrong with you? There's nothing wrong with me. Who are you? What is your name? Can you understand me? My name is Garvin. I thought I told you to go home. What? Well at least you seem to be understanding a little more. Gia, go on to school. I'll deal with the stranger. Your eyes and skin look so strange. Your clothes, you look like you've been in some kind of accident. What do you remember? The mountains? The mountains are over two hundred seltons from here. What do you remember before that? Do you know what that is? (referring to the box marked Radioactive that Data is carrying) May I? May I have it? There might be something in here that can tell us who you are. I wonder what these markings mean. What? You can read this language? Radioactive. What does that mean? I've never heard a name like that. You must come from a very distant place. (Garvin opens the box and takes out a piece of shiny metal) [Riker's quarters] (Riker is practising his trombone when Troi strolls in. He finishes the piece and then blows two notes) What about his eyes and his skin? They're so odd. Not exactly. She said he's lost his memory, but seems to be fine otherwise. Talur thinks he's from a race that lives in the mountains. We'll have to call you something besides Ice man until your memory returns. What was the word on the container? Mister Radioactive? What do you think of that? Right now, we need to clean him up and get him something decent to wear. Run upstairs and get some of my old clothes for him. I wonder if Skoran can tell us something about this metal of yours. [Town square] (at the blacksmith's forge) I told you, he's lost his memory and we're calling him Jayden for now. All the fragments are like that. (Skoran hit's it with a hammer on the anvil) You want them? They belong to Jayden. Do you want to sell them? You're going to need money. Agreed. (the wooden base of the anvil cracks, and the anvil falls on the apprentice's leg) It'll be all right. Don't struggle. It will only (Data lifts the anvil easily) Jayden, put it down. No, just unexpected. [Garvin's home] (at evening meal) I've been tired since this afternoon. I'm sure it's nothing. That sounds like a good idea. I'll be back soon. (Garvin and Talur leave) That is not what you promised me! We agreed on twenty. I don't know I feel very weak suddenly. Thank you. (Talur leaves) Go ahead. I don't. Not Jayden. He wouldn't try to hurt us.
