Again? I know, I know. You're the town magistrate and you have a lot of work to do, but it always seems like you're always in some meeting or (enter Data, disheveled, carrying a box and making a strange noise) I know. Ask him where he's from, father. Yes, Father. Goodbye. Hello. (Talur leaves as Gia enters) What did Talur say about him? Is he sick? I don't like that name. Let's call him Jayden. Yes, Father. Father, are you all right? You didn't like it? Father's cooking isn't as good as mother's. He tries, though. She died about a year ago. Father says she went to a beautiful place where everything is peaceful and everyone loves each other, and no one ever gets sick. Do you think there's really a place like that? (Data gazes out at the moon and stars) Are you all right? Father! Father, what's wrong? You have got a fever. We should get him home. [Garvin's home] What's wrong with him? I understand. (Data picks up Talur's magnifying glass) What are you going to do with all this? Do you think you can help him? That's not true! Jayden I tried to give father his broth, but he won't eat. No, I'm all right. Father needs me. Two days ago. Father bought it from Skoran. Why? It's not true, Father. Jayden? Everyone's looking for you. Skoran said you're some kind of creature. I know. You're an Ice man. We talked about that. Jayden, why are you wearing that hood? I won't be afraid. Take it off. Please, I have to see. (he does, and she recoils at the flashing lights in his face) I don't know. They're looking for you now. You think you found a cure? What kind of medicine is it? I could tell them. Well? No. The nearest river is two days away. Compound [Town square] (night, Data uncovers the well and is about to pour his bucket of cure into it when) He was your friend? We didn't know his real name, so we called him Jayden. They killed him because they were afraid of him, but he saved all of us from the sickness. There were these pieces of metal. They made everyone sick. But Jayden put something in the water and now everyone's better. We buried them in the forest. What was his real name? Data. He was my friend, too. (Gia leaves and Beverly gets her tricorder out)
