So he is. Well, now that you're here, what do you want? Why? And who is this Sheliak? Well, this colony's been here over ninety years. We've never seen a Sheliak. I'd say that makes Tau Cygna Five our planet. The guidance system on the Artemis failed. Took them off course. Far off course. Our ancestors were lucky to find any place to land. Hyperonic radiation took the lives of a third of the colonists before they learned they could adapt to it. Look around. We have brought water to the desert, built a community. Then change the treaty. We're not evacuating. Yes, you have. Let me be equally clear. There's going to be no evacuation. You've delivered your message, so go back to your ship. I have work to do. (Gosheven goes back to his discussion and an object is thrown at Data. He catches it) Found a new toy, have we, Ardi? Only you would get this excited over a walking calculator. You see this? Do you have any idea what it is, or what it means? It's not water. It's blood and it's sweat. It's the result of a ninety years of combined effort. This isn't a town. It's a monument to every man, woman, and child who's lived and died on Tau Cygna Five. Am I? My grandfather is buried on that mountain. He died in a rock slide surveying the route for this aqueduct. This colony exists because of his sacrifice, and the sacrifice of thousands of others. No, we're not leaving. We will not be bullied off our land. Not by you, and not by the Sheliak. (Gosheven walks away) You've all heard of the android Starfleet sent here, and you've been discussing why he's come. I've called this meeting to replace misinformation with cold, hard fact. No. Leave now. (applauding) A valiant try, android, but what a low opinion you must have of us. Are you ready to follow this machine? Give up without a fight? He says we're going to lose, but I think that's just his cowardice talking! This colony exists because generations gave their lives for it. Many people died before we found a way to adapt to the radiation. And many more died bringing water to the desert. My grandfather Have you considered what this evacuation means? Everything we have, we abandon. Everything that we have built turns into dust. Everything that we have accomplished means nothing. Well, I say no. You elected me your leader. Follow me now. I don't think our chances are as hopeless as he says. And I'm willing to stake our lives on it. Any objections? Good, because here we stand. Don't forget that, Kentor. I'm disappointed. I thought we'd settled this. Still stirring up trouble? It's over. Don't you get it? You had your say. You lost. No, you're not. You're just stubborn. Well, let me tell you something. (Gosheven uses an electric prod on Data. He falls over) So am I. I've killed no one. I merely shut down a machine. That's it, everyone. It's time to go home. You'll see that I'm right. [Sheliak ship] (Picard and Troi beam aboard. It's mostly dark, just a few lights here and there) I really was willing to stay here and die for this.
