Welcome to Mariposa. This is my Chief of Staff, Elizabeth Vallis. Clones. Captain's log, supplemental. Prime Minister Granger has requested an urgent meeting to discuss the future of the Mariposan colony. I've invited him to the Enterprise. [Observation lounge] Captain, we need your help. Three hundred years ago during our landing on Mariposa, the skin of our ship was breached. Only five of the colonists survived. The progenitors weren't willing to just give up and die, and they were scientists Yes. We had no other option. Two women and three men represented an insufficient gene pool from which to build a society. In the beginning, a little bit of each. Now, after three hundred years, the entire concept of sexual reproduction is a little repugnant to us. We haven't. We need an infusion of fresh DNA. I was hoping that you would be willing to share some tissue samples. Yes. How can you possibly be harmed? You would be preserving yourself. I see. Well, if you are not willing to share your DNA, will you at least send some people to repair our malfunctioning equipment? You'd be most welcome. Perhaps you will find a solution that we have overlooked. What other solution do we have? Doctor, remember, there are only five of us. Captain's log, supplemental. Commander Riker and Doctor Pulaski have returned to Mariposa with a team of Enterprise technicians. [Granger's office] Are you sure you won't reconsider? Yes. I'm afraid I haven't seen him. Sorry, I can't help you. Stop! Murderers! What else could we do? We asked for your help and you refused us. We're desperate. Desperate! We have the right to survive! [Ready room] I'm sorry, Captain, it's out of the question. You're trying to dump your problems on us. We have problems of our own. Look at him. How could we ever integrate that into our society? Primitive, hostile, disruptive. It would require enormous effort to even educate them. I see. When reason fails, you'll resort to blackmail. I don't know. There are so many difficulties. They're so different. For three hundred years, we have denied the carnal side of our nature. How can we learn to put that aside? Oh, God, it's so Repugnant.
