The chance that I might find out someone was coming. Kareen knew full well that I would not be pleased, to put it mildly. Ridiculous! I'm as healthy as a Rigelian ox! Nonsense! No offense, but I don't want you touching me in any way. It's no secret that I don't like people much, and I like doctors even less. Then you're wrong. Ask any patient. Although I will admit, for a doctor you're not a bad looking woman. Well, well, well, what have we got here? Another lovely specimen of womanhood. Women aren't people. They're women. (he kisses her hand) Yes, of course it is. This is one of the truly great moments of your life. He's a Klingon, Kareen. Kareen has lived here since her father died when she was very young. Her only knowledge of unhuman races comes from me. Klingons and Romulans don't look much alike, Kareen, even though they act much alike. No insult intended, Mister Klingon. You see, Doctor, there's nothing wrong with my hearing. My, my, my, my. Shhh! Absolutely no aesthetic value whatsoever. Looks like Soong's work. (Selar is examining Graves behind his back) Know him?! I taught him everything he knows. You could say that I was the father of his work. Which kind of makes me your grandfather, doesn't it sonny? Damn doctors! Always sneaking up on one. Attacking from the rear. Go on, gorgeous. Spit it out. Whatever the hell it is, I can take it. Call me Grandpa. Seems more touching in my final hours. It's an ancient little tune called 'If I Only Had A Heart.' A plaintive lament sung by a mechanical man who longs to be human. It's his only wish. He finds out he's human after all. Always was. Just worried so much, he never realised it. Stories often have happy endings. It's life that throws you for a loop. It must be so hard for you, to be so close to being human and yet never really knowing what it's like to know pain. Pain. Lust. Envy. Pleasure. Desire. Do you know what desire is, Data? Do you know what desire is? I feel pity for you. Your existence must be a kind of walking purgatory. Neither dead nor alive. Never really feeling anything. Just existing. Just existing. Listen to me. A dying man takes the time to mourn a man who will never know death. Funny, isn't it? I've had the same difficulty most of my life. We're much alike. [Living room] That is because I am an incredible man, possessing an iron will and nerves of steel. Two traits that helped me become the genius I am today as well as the lady killer I was in days gone by. It's an expression, Data. It means I was once as beautiful as I am smart. No, not really. But what the hell. I'm dying. I can remember my life any way I want. And I'll let you into a little secret, Sonny. I don't really believe I will be dying. Oh, I'll die, but I won't really be dead. You see, I believe I've learned to transfer the wealth of my knowledge into a computer. Before I die, I plan to transfer my great intelligence into this machine, thus cheating the Grim Reaper of his greatest prize. But what would you know of death? It is a subject forever alien to you. I can understand that. Just where would Soong position such a device? Don't tell me, let me guess. [Living room]
