You know, you make a pretty cute kid. Were you this much fun when you were a kid? What about now? You're not in that camp anymore. You're not supposed to do anything. That's what relieved of duty means. You're right. Let's go play. I haven't been young for a long time and I intend to enjoy every minute of it. What are you going to do? Go back to your room and pout? Okay, okay. [O'Brien quarters] (Keiko wants the mister from an upper shelf, and has to stand on a box to get it before she can spray the orchid) Well, this is exciting. I'd rather be doing almost anything other than sitting here and watching you sulk. Sure it bothers me, but at the moment I can't do anything about it. So I might as well enjoy it. There must've been some part of childhood that you didn't loathe. I bet you were a jumper. A jumper. You know, someone who jumped up and down on furniture all the time. You were a jumper all right. The quiet ones, they always look so innocent. You think you can turn your back on them. Next thing you know, bam! They're bouncing on the bed. Ah but you did have one sometimes and I bet you jumped on it. Yeah I can see it in your eyes. You can barely resist the urge to leap up and start jumping around like a Tarkassian razorbeast. Oh yeah, oh yeah (Guinan bounces on the bed) That's right. And don't you dare join me, Ro Laren. You don't like jumping on beds! Tactical advantage? Jean-Luc, look at your team for a minute. We're children. I'm not suggesting that we do. But we can't act as if we were still adults. We look like children. Maybe it's time we started acting like children. [Ready room] It's a child's computer, remember? Computer, can you show me a picture of the inside of the Enterprise? : How much farther do we have to go? I'm not as young as I used to be. [Crusher's office] (Alexander knocks on the glass and runs away. The Ferengi gives chase) [Sickbay] (Alexander gets some hypos from a drawer) [Jefferies tube] (the girls climb down a short ladder) You're it! (they put comm. badges on the backs of the Ferengis and they go to join their colleague) [Corridor]
