I am Gul Evek. What are all these people still doing here? The evacuation should be well underway by now. As you wish. Wait here. Negotiations? The status of this planet has been settled. What are you negotiating? Captain, we have been sent here to perform a preliminary survey of all the buildings and equipment being left behind. I have no intention of leaving until our mission is complete. Is that a threat? My people? What about these Indians of yours? They've taken hostages. This is our planet, Captain. We will not be chased away by some unruly crowd. Gul Evek to the Vetar. Two of our men on the surface have been taken prisoner. Prepare to send an armed squad of troopers to rescue them and to occupy the village. I hope you realise the consequences of Federation officers firing on Cardassian troops. Evek to the Vetar. Lock on to our troops on the surface and beam them aboard. Those are my orders! Carry them out. I lost two of three sons in the war, Captain. I don't want to lose the last one. [Observation lounge] I believe I can convince them that this is an equitable solution. I cannot speak for every Cardassian you may encounter, but if you leave us alone I suspect that we will do the same. Will this be acceptable to the Starfleet Command? Then if there's nothing else, I will return to my ship. I have a rather long report to write. Captain. Anthwara. (Evek leaves)
Do you people have experience treating Cardassians? I suppose we're lucky you came at all. Lately Starfleet seems to look the other way when the Maquis attack. The fact that my ship was attacked suggests that your efforts have met with limited success. They came at us with photon torpedoes and type eight phasers. Tell me, Captain, how do you suppose that a group of civilians acquired such weaponry? So you don't think the fact that some of the Maquis are former Starfleet officers has anything to do with it? We have taken measures to deal with our colonists who have armed themselves. Captain, if the Maquis are not stopped, this situation will continue to escalate to the point where the Cardassian military will have no choice but to take matters into their own hands. Captain's log, supplemental. Gul Evek and his crew have left the Enterprise, and we have proceeded to our rendezvous with Admiral Nechayev. [Ready room]
