We all have enormous admiration for what Commander Data has already achieved, but we have superior facilities and personnel here at Galor Four. A starship is hardly a proper setting We all want what's best for the new android. His presence would undoubtedly retard the new android's progress. His child? Starfleet's policy on research is clear. You're making your stand on very uncertain ground. I do hope it doesn't fall out from under you. Haftel out. [Teacher's office] Captain Picard, I hope I didn't disturb you. I have discussed my concerns with Starfleet Command. You are to hold your position until I join you. Then I shall personally review the android's development. I should advise you, Captain, that if I'm not satisfied with what I see, I am empowered to take the android back with me. Haftel out. Captain's log, supplemental. We are holding position pending the arrival of Admiral Haftel from Starfleet Research. Commander Data is completing his final neural transfers to the android he has named Lal, which I have learned, in the language Hindi means beloved. [Ten Forward] No objective viewpoint could see it any other way. Captain, do not make this more difficult than it needs to be. That's not satisfactory. If mistakes are made, the damage that's done might be irreparable. Captain, are we talking about breaking up a family? Isn't that rather a sentimental attitude about androids? Yes, Captain, and I am more than willing to acknowledge that. What you must acknowledge is that Lal may be a technological step forward in the development of artificial intelligence. Yes, and work like this demands to be done with controlled procedures. In effective isolation. And that is what Starfleet Research finds unacceptable. [Laboratory] Her neural nets are laid down identically to yours? An aberration. What have you done about this? But as a good father, don't you think it would be better, especially in light of this new aberration, if Lal were close to people trained in diagnostic and evaluative procedures? You haven't mastered human cultural and behavioural norms yourself yet, have you? Where is Lal now? [Ten Forward] This is your idea of appropriate guidance? She is capable of running over sixty trillion calculations per second, and you have her working as a cocktail waitress. I'm not convinced the sort of behaviour she observes here will be a positive influence. I want the android out of here. Have her report to me immediately for an interview. [Observation lounge] Well, Lal, I've been looking forward to meeting you. You're very important to us at Starfleet Research. We have got quite a facility at Galor Four. I want like to show it to you. Oh, no, of course not. We just want to broaden your experience. There's only so much you can learn on a starship. I'm sure you'll agree to that. Good. That is not the natural conclusion here. Yes. Don't misunderstand me, I have great respect for your father. She seems very adversarial. I don't think your father has taught you selective judgment in the verbalisation of your own thoughts. That is a skill we will help you develop. The question is, has he helped you enough? No, I didn't mean to ask any You have Lal off to a wonderful start in life, Commander. And that's what being a parent is all about. However, I have finally decided that I must ask you to release her to me. All the other arguments aside, there's one that is irrefutable. There are only two Soong-type androids in existence. It would be very dangerous to have you both in the same place. Especially aboard a starship. One lucky shot by a Romulan, we'd lose you both. You're not a parent, Captain. I am. I have learned, with difficulty, that there comes a time when all parents must give up their children for their own good. Mister Data, it would be better for Lal if she left knowing you had voluntarily decided that this was the best course of action. Then I regret that I must order you to transport Lal aboard my ship. I beg your pardon? I am Starfleet, Captain! Proceed, Commander. Captain, you are jeopardising your command and your career. I agree. May I assist? If you'll excuse us, Commander Data and I have much to do. (Data opens the top of Lal's head) [Corridor] (Geordi, Troi and Wesley are waiting in the corridor, like relatives during a major operation) She won't survive much longer. There was nothing anyone could have done. We'd repolarise one pathway and another would collapse. And then another. His hands were moving faster than I could see, trying to stay ahead of each breakdown. He refused to give up. He was remarkable. It just wasn't meant to be. [Laboratory]
