Oh yes, of course, from the starship. I've been looking forward to speaking with you. I've worked up a few schematics based on gravimetric potentials and deflector energy allocation. The biosphere's superstructure will never withstand the tectonic shocks. The environment would be compromised. Your ship. What kind of energy output is it capable of generating? Well, either we're going to have to move or that fragment is. A wild idea, purely theoretical. When we first spotted the fragment approaching, I came up with the idea, but we can't generate the kind of energy we would need. You can. [Courtyard] (they are discussing it round a small table) With my theories and their equipment, we might be able to alter the fragment's path. It's our only chance to avoid evacuation. If we increase warp power transfer by eighty percent. We won't be able to reinforce the conduit to hold that power level. It just doesn't work. Geordi. Were you always blind? No. Don't. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to embarrass you. May I see it? Your visor? No. It was the wish of our founders that no one had to suffer a life with disabilities. I don't know what to say. Here you go. How does it work? What about the data conversion rates? How do you avoid a sensory overload? We'd have to avoid tractor force rebounding, but that shouldn't be hard. What? And we needed a much more efficient emitter to do that. And we couldn't get anywhere near that without overloading the emitter arrays. That's true. We won't be able to move the fragment as far as we'd like to, but With some of the shield improvements I've discovered here, it could work. Good news, Aaron. We should be able to change the course of the core fragment, but we'll also need to fortify the structure. And we're going to need help to do it. Fifty officers are waiting for your approval to transport down. We don't have much time, Aaron. None. (Conor nods) You, too. Emitter circuits one hundred seventy percent over standard. [Bridge] Graviton generators operating normally. Surge pulse now synchronised. Emitters radiating at three hundred twenty percent over standard. Three hundred ninety percent over standard. No change in the fragment's course. The emitter circuits won't hold for long. Four hundred percent over standard. The fragment's moved point four degrees off its previous heading. Point six five. It's working. [Bridge] Fragment's new heading adjustment is at one point zero one degrees. Is it enough? Almost there, Geordi. Course shift is at one point one six degrees. [Bridge] One point one eight. [Bridge] One point two. We've got it. [Bridge] Yes, yes. Go ahead, Aaron. Thank you. Apparently, the refortification wasn't adequate. There's definite structural damage. It appears that the tectonic shifts created a breach. I don't know. I'll have to run a diagnostic in the lab. Unless we seal it and fast we may have to evacuate. Based on the level of toxicity I'm reading, it may be only a matter of hours. Isn't it amazing after all we went through? Looks bad. It's cracked well beneath the surface. What do you mean? What are you talking about. Look at it, it's right here. I measured the toxic leak. You saw me. The damn thing doesn't miss much, does it. Fine. I'll tell them the truth. Will that make you happy? I was born to be one of the best scientific minds of my generation, and in the past five days I have encountered technology that I have barely imagined. And I've got to ask myself, If we're so brilliant how come we didn't invent any of these things? But all my needs have been anticipated and planned for before I'm even born. All of us in this colony have been living in the dark ages. It's like we're victims of a two hundred year old joke. Until you came, we could only see to the wall of our biosphere. Suddenly our eyes have been opened to the infinite possibilities. [Observation lounge] The welfare of this colony would be best served by rejoining the human race. If we'd followed that advice, Martin, we'd all be dead by now. So much for the welfare of this colony. I'm leaving. And I'll tell you something else. There are at least a dozen others who are ready to go with me. There's nothing else for them to talk about. (Hannah and Troi leave) Aaron, don't you see we can't be happy here any longer? We were innocent. it will never be that way again. We're not willing to stay here a few generations. What will that accomplish? In other words, we are being asked to stay here for six months while they pressure us to change our minds. Would you ever choose to live aboard a ship in a bottle, Captain? You are in command of a starship. You live to explore the unknown. We ask for that same privilege. It won't make any difference. You'll only be putting the people of this colony through unnecessary pain and anguish. Don't you see, Aaron? It's over. It's time for you to lead our people into a new era. You could come with us.
