The truth is, hell, we are not ready. We've known they were coming for over a year. We've thrown every resource we have into this, but still Commander Shelby took over Borg tactical analysis six months ago. I've learned to give her a wide latitude when I want to get things done. That's how I intend to operate here. We expected much more lead time. Your encounter with the Borg was over seven thousand light years away. Another time, Commander. Your captain and I have a lot to cover. But rumour has it Commander Shelby's played a hand or two. (Riker and Shelby leave) Keep your eye on her, Jean Luc. She's one very impressive young lady. Just an old man's fantasies. When Shelby came into Tactical, every admiral's uncle had a take on this Borg business. She cut through it. She put us on track. Please. She'd make you a hell of a first officer. Don't tell me he's going to pass up another commission? The Melbourne. It's his if he wants it. Hasn't he told you? You may want to tell him that. We're still waiting on his decision. This is the third time we've pulled out the captain's chair for Riker. He just won't sit down. Let me tell you something, Jean-Luc. There are a lot of young hotshots like Shelby on their way up. Riker could suddenly look like he's standing still next to them. He's hurting his career by staying put. If I were you, I'd kick him in the rear end for his own good. [Shelby's quarters] At nineteen hundred hours yesterday, the USS Lalo departed Zeta Alpha Two on a freight run to Sentinel Minor Four. At twenty two hundred hours and twelve minutes, a distress signal was received at Starbase one five seven. The Lalo reported contact with an alien vessel described as cube shaped. The distress signal ended abruptly, and she's not been heard from since. We're coming with every available starship to assist, Captain, but the closest help is six days away. I know you will. Hanson out. We're moving to intercept at Wolf three five nine. We'll make our stand there. How much longer can you maintain pursuit? Picard?
We're coming with every available starship to assist, Captain, but the closest help is six days away. Well, we'll miss you at the party. Your engagements have given us valuable time. We've mobilised a fleet of forty starships at Wolf three five nine, and that's just for starters. The Klingons are sending warships. Hell, we've even thought about opening communications with the Romulans. Lieutenant a few years ago, I watched a freshman cadet pass four upper classman on the last hill of the forty kilometre run on Danula Two. The damndest thing I ever saw. The only freshman to ever win the Academy marathon. I made it my business to get to know that young fellow. I got to know him very, very well. And I'll tell you something. I never met anyone with more drive, determination or more courage than Jean-Luc Picard. There is no way in hell that he would assist the Borg. I want that clear. He is a casualty of war. In less than twenty four hours, this armada's going to hit that Borg vessel with everything we can muster. Either they survive or we do. As for Picard. A great man has been lost. Your Captain. My friend. Commander Riker, I hereby promote you to the field commission of Captain. The Enterprise is your ship now. Congratulations. I wish the circumstances were different. To us all. [Borg operating room] (The entity originally Picard is being augmented. He gets a prosthetic forearm with attachments, and his skin turns white. A single tear rolls from his eye.) [Turbolift] The fight does not go well, Enterprise. We're attempting to withdraw and regroup. Rendezvous with fleet (transmission lost) Captain's Log, stardate 44002.3. Repairs are complete, and the Enterprise is warping to rendezvous with Starfleet at Wolf three five nine. Communications from the site of battle have been cut off, possibly by Borg interference. [Observation lounge]
