The Alliance is holding your men hostage, Commander Riker, not us. You can expect a ransom demand. Our good friends. Our good friends are going to be upset when they realise we took their last crate of Telluridan synth-ale. We are the authorities. The Coalition, our cadre, runs this side of the city. The Alliance controls the other side. Take your choice. In return for some consideration. Phasers are in short supply down here. A starship isn't going to miss a few. No matter what you give the Alliance, they'll eventually kill your crewmen anyway. With our help, at least there's a chance you'll get your men back alive. All I'm asking for is help in maintaining our defence. We are trying to keep the peace. A prank. The proximity implants prevent either side from doing any serious damage. They warn us when an enemy is approaching. The Alliance just discovered a large cache of weapons. I'm just trying to make things even, to preserve the peace. Ancient history. Where did you hear that? Where's he now? That's as good a way to die as any. As I said, ancient history. This is now, and your men are in trouble. A gift for your Captain. (he hands a bottle of synth-ale to Riker) I want everything there is to know about the starship Enterprise. [Bridge] Hello, Enterprise. Commander Riker, would you introduce me to your Captain? I have someone here you might like to meet. This is Ishara. Ishara Yar. There's an old saying, Captain. The enemy of my enemy is my friend. I've decided it's in my best interest to help you get your crewmen back. You could be forced into paying my adversary a ransom in weapons. I'll do anything I can to avoid that possibility. Ishara will be our liaison. Thank you. Good luck. [Transporter room] Report. It was a calculated risk. You gave us an opportunity we couldn't ignore. Ishara, are you hurt? I want her returned immediately. You have no jurisdiction here! You have your crewmen back. Isn't that enough? Thank you, Captain. I'm just trying to preserve the peace.
