Hello, Worf. I hope you don't mind us dropping in on you like this, but when I heard the Enterprise was to be in this sector, we took the first transport and here we are. No, but I brought Alexander with me. I thought the two of you would like a chance to visit. Good. [Transporter room] Worf. Worf. It's so good to see you. You look wonderful. Is that a touch of grey in your beard? Don't worry, the Rozhenko men have always had beards of iron grey. Did you see the look on Alexander's face when he saw the play area? He's going to love it here. Lapsang suchong tea, please. Have you been eating? You look thin. When your father was in Starfleet, I always had to make sure that Alexander is a fine boy, Worf. He's smart and he's high-spirited. Like you were at that age. Sometimes, when he comes running through the house and knocks over that big green lamp, just like you used to do. Well maybe once, when you weren't looking. When we learned Alexander was to come to live with us, we were so happy. The house had been so empty since you left, and we thought here is our chance to fill it with the sound of children again. But the truth is, Worf, your father and I, we're getting old. I don't mean we're ready for the grave. Not yet, anyway. But we're a little less active. It's harder for us to keep up with Alexander. We're ready to be just grandparents. Alexander needs to be with his father. He needs his father, Worf. Alexander's, he's having difficulties. He's disobedient. I do know something about how Klingon children behave. It's not just his willful attitude. He doesn't always tell the truth. He is a boy, Worf, and boys sometimes take the wrong path. They need guidance. He needs a father, his father, to give him that guidance. I have to leave soon. The transport will be leaving for Earth. You must do what you think is best for him. That's all a parent can hope to do. [Corridor]
Worf! He's joking. The proudest day of his life was when Worf earned his commission. Come on, Sergey. There's plenty of time to chat with the boys. Your father has been so looking forward to this. You agreed not to embarrass him. Besides, we have come to see Worf, not the ship. Your hair's a little longer, isn't it, Worf? [Road] (Picard walks down a tree lined road in the sunlight and breeze) And then the principal looked up and said, please tell me he's an only child. Enough stories, Sergey. No, no, no, no, no. You two go ahead. Your father will be hours. Worf, why don't you show me the arboretum? They really do. I know. We go too far, sometimes. I can't just leave it alone. I'm his mother. Please. I beg your pardon? Worf? I learned to cook rokeg blood pie. It was a difficult adolescence. We knew it wouldn't be easy for him, growing up without other Klingons to go to for guidance. Well, I'm afraid that Worf feels that we do not understand him. We just came by to tuck you in. We had to come. We don't exactly understand it all. Whatever you did, we know it was for a good reason. I'm sorry if this is too human of us but, whenever you are suffering, you must remember we are with you. You're our son. [Chez Picard] (Picard is making inroads into a bottle of the family produce when Robert comes in with flowers for the house) Is there anything you want us to send you from home? It's been a while, but I think I still remember how. (Picard leaves the transporter room) Sergey. It's time to go.
