You've got to keep this mixture above ninety percent or we'll never leave orbit. Thank you, Mister Krags. (Data enters) Lieutenant Commander Christopher Hobson. Excuse me, sir. I'd like to request a transfer. I don't believe I'd be a good first officer for you. No, no, no, that's not what I mean. I don't think that I would be a good first officer for you. Frankly, sir, I don't believe in your ability to command this ship. You're a fellow officer and I respect that, but no one would suggest that a Klingon would make a good ship's counsellor or that a Berellian could be an engineer. They're just not suited for those positions. By the same token, I don't think an android is a good choice to be captain. We've arrived at the designated coordinates, Captain. Starboard power coupling has overloaded. We've got a radiation leak on decks ten through twelve. There wasn't enough time to test all the backups before we left the yard. Terry, I want you down in Engineering working on a new coupling. Keith, you and I will start bringing the radiation I was trying to safeguard the lives of people on those decks, but you're right. Belay those orders, everyone. Phasers and torpedoes are back online. What should we do, sir? Thank you, sir. You heard the Captain, everyone. [Bridge] All Federation ships proceed at maximum warp to Gamma Eridon. What are you doing? But we have no way of detecting it. Sir, the fleet's been ordered to Gamma Eridon. The entire area's been flooded with tachyon particles. We'll never be able to find what we're looking for. That will flood three decks with radiation! You don't give a damn about the people whose lives you're throwing away. We're not just machines Yes, sir. [Bridge] The Enterprise wants to know the reason we've stopped. Are you going to answer the Enterprise? Sir, this is pointless. Those readings could be anything. There's no way for us to be sure the Romulans are out there. Level six? But that won't even Torpedoes ready. Another message coming in. It's Captain Picard! Didn't you hear? Captain Picard wants us They're changing course, heading back to Romulan space. Yes, sir, Captain. [Duras' home] (weapons are raining down on the complex, which is in flames)
