We are Hugh. Why are you here, Commander Riker? Hasn't the crew of the Enterprise caused enough damage already? (a little later) You gave me a sense of individuality, changed me, then sent me back to the Collective. You must have known that change would be passed on to others. Then you made it possible for Lore to dominate us. You don't know the condition we were in when he found us. Before my experience on the Enterprise, the Borg were a single-minded Collective. The voices in our heads were smooth and flowing. But after I returned, those voices began to change. They became uneven, discordant. For the first time, individual Borg had differing ideas about how to proceed. We couldn't function. Some Borg fought each other. Others simply shut themselves down. Many starved to death. You probably can't imagine what it is like to be so lost and frightened that you will listen to any voice which promises change. That's what we wanted. Someone to show us the way out of confusion. Lore promised clarity and purpose. In the beginning, he seemed like a saviour. The promise of becoming a superior race, of becoming fully artificial was compelling. We gladly did everything he asked of us. But after a while, it became clear that Lore had no idea how to keep his promise. That's when he began talking about the need for us to make sacrifices. Before we realised it, this was the result. Lore began to experiment, trying to re-make us in his image. This is the result of my encounter with the Enterprise, Commander. So you can see I don't particularly welcome your presence here. Tell me about my friend. The human called Geordi. I cannot help you. I cannot risk our being discovered. These caverns lead to tunnels which run beneath the compound. Some of them connect with the environmental control ducts. When they realise, your escape route may be compromised. Good luck, Commander. [Borg hall] No! (Hugh rushes forward and stops Lore from firing. Crosis pushes him off then is shot by either Riker or Worf up in the gallery. Fights break out between Lore's Borg and Hugh's group. Lore makes a run for it and Data follows. Picard is totally ignored.) [Lore's lab] Perhaps my encounter with the Enterprise affected me more than I realised. I don't know. We can't go back to the Borg Collective, and we no longer have a leader here. Perhaps in time, we will learn to function as individuals and work together as a group. Goodbye. Captain's log, stardate 47025.4. We have returned to Federation Space and are en route to Starbase two nine five. Mister La Forge remains under Doctor Crusher's care. [Data's quarters] (Data is holding a small circle with a triangle cut out of it in a pair of tweezers when the doorbell rings)
Do I have a name? We are Hugh. (doorbell)
