Beverly. Lovely as ever. How do you manage it? It's been far too long. What is it, four years? Now I want to hear everything that happened after you left Starfleet Medical. And I have so much to tell you. Oh, that must be Commander Riker. Excuse me. You must be Will Riker. Calvin Hutchinson. Call me Hutch. Calvin, awful name, I've never forgiven my parents. As soon as I saw you, I knew you had to be the Enterprise's First Officer. Of course. Your reputation proceeds you. Flashing blue eyes, square jaw. Quite the ladies man I hear. Now don't be modest, Will. May I call you Will? (Data is imitating Hutch by now) I also hear that you're a musician. I certainly hope you'll play something for us. It's not often we get to entertain the command crew of the flagship. Oh, and speaking of command. Hello, Captain Picard. I was just telling your First Officer what a real pleasure it is to have all of you here. So, how are you anyway? I'm telling you, you have never seen anything like this. There were thousands of these creatures. The whole northern sky turned dark. I Oh, please, call me Hutch. I was just telling your captain about some of the fascinating sights here on Arkaria. Either of you interested in ornithology? The mating habits of the Arkarian horn fowl are quite interesting. If the weather were better, we could take horses to the southern promontory and visit the nesting grounds. Yes. We have a network of trails through the plains. Unfortunately, it's not very pleasant right now. Cold, muddy. Not a soul for kilometres. Absolutely. Amazing man. You know, he reminds me of another officer I knew years ago. A Captain Edwell. Now he was fascinating. Born on Gaspar Seven, but you wouldn't know it from the way he looked. [Corridor] (Picard is in riding gear and carrying his saddle) The crew of the Magellan actually put on a talent show here. Captain Conklin did a poetry reading, if you can imagine that. Did I ever tell you how I came to be stationed here? It's a fascinating story. I was serving on Admiral Mitchell's staff on Starbase ninety seven. Awful place, by the way. No, I don't think so. A pleasure. Oh, you really think so? It wasn't easy making a final decision, let me tell you. Precisely. Of course. You know, funny you should mention that. I used to be stationed on Tyrellia. That's fascinating. Not too many people know this, but Tyrellia is one of only three known inhabited worlds without a magnetic pole. Really? What is going on? (Orton shoots him)
