Hello. Hello, Clara. (she's blonde, wearing a blue dress and a sour, sulky expression) Is something wrong with the way I look? Well, now you can see me for real. Doesn't that make you happy? Can we go now? I'm tired of planting. Let's do something else. Like, I would really like to explore the ship. We can finish later. Let's go look around. Your daddy won't mind. We can tell him later. Come on. [Engineering] The grown-ups don't believe I'm real. When they're around, I have to be invisible. Wait here. (Isabella disappears) [Engineering] There was something I had to do. [Observation lounge] What's in here? Let's go someplace with a lot of people. What do you mean? Why? Does everybody have a best friend? Why not? How long? Clara, I'm glad we're best friends. Okay. Are you mad at me? I'm sorry I got you in trouble. Are we still best friends? Clara, why are grown-ups so mean? Sometimes I wish they would just go away. Yes, I don't like them. I'm bored. Let's go back to Engineering. I thought we were best friends. Then why won't you play with me? You always listen to the grown-ups. You don't care about me. I thought we'd have fun together, once you could really see me. I thought you'd like me. Let's go to Engineering, Clara. Just for a little while. No one will know. It'll be our secret. And if they find us, we'll tell them we got lost. (doorbell) Clara. Because you ran away from me. You left me alone. I had to do everything by myself. I was going to protect you, Clara. I liked you. But now I don't care. Now, when the others come, you can die along with everyone else. [Bridge] I came here to determine whether you were a threat to us, and to examine the purity of your energy sources. Yes. The emissions from your graviton field generators are far richer than our normal sources of energy. (big shudder and light flicker) You should be destroyed. You are cruel, uncaring creatures. The way you treat Clara. You wouldn't let her do what she wanted to, or go where she wanted to. What difference does it make? I wouldn't have let anything happen to her. That was only after you told Clara not to be my friend. I came to say I'm sorry I frightened you. And I misled you. I wasn't really your Isabella. I never had a friend before. Do you think you'll ever come back? So do I. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
