Tasha was my sister. I know Alliance territory. I can help you with a rescue plan. You're not human. Built for fighting? A cybernetic device serving on a starship. The first thing to do is help you map the colony. This is a general grid of the tunnel system. I can fill in the specific details from memory. That's not surprising. Did she talk at all about the colony? It wasn't luck. It was cowardice. Is something wrong? It's been fifteen years. I don't even remember what she looked like. [Observation lounge] (Data and Ishara enter) You don't believe I'm Tasha's sister. I'm not surprised. You can sample my DNA if you like. Thank you. It started falling apart almost thirty years ago. There were dozens of factions. They fought until the city above ground was in ruins. We were the two strongest factions. When the government couldn't stop the violence, they gave us police powers. The proximity detectors were originally designed by the government to keep us under control. No. After a few months, we didn't need the government any more. She didn't abandon me, if that's what you mean. Tasha asked me to go with her, but I had already joined the Coalition. They were my family. Captain, we don't have a lot of time. Maybe we should get started. Take that threat seriously, Captain. They'll torture them and then they'll kill them. My cadre has never recovered a hostage alive from the Alliance. Your crewmen could be held in any number of places. The Alliance has two main headquarters and thirteen ancillary bases of operation. All underground, all heavily guarded. What's that? Level three C, section five four seven. We have our sources. [Engineering] (Ishara's data file is up on a monitor. There are a lot of underground levels) Access tunnels are here and here. Don't underestimate them, Commander. They'll be ready for that. I've seen them use this kind of strategy before. I know it looks isolated and easily accessible, but my guess is they have hundreds of men on the levels above and below just waiting for you to make your move. Transport me into this corridor. My magnetic implant will set off the defence alarms. They'll think it's a raid by the Coalition. Commander Riker. I was ordered to assist you in any way possible. That doesn't mean as long as it's safe or convenient. If you had the time, we could come up with another plan, but you don't. Right now, I'm your best option. You have Tasha's DNA on file? That wasn't too bad. So, all that's left of my sister is a file in a computer. How did she die? In battle? That's not how I intend to die. (Riker enters) Thank you, Doctor. I don't run away when things get tough, like some people. Like my sister did. A main fusion source. There's one next to each of the Alliance headquarters. It powers all of their defensive systems. This chamber is accessed from the level below. Entry points are evenly spaced along this wall every twenty five metres. Data, where was Tasha's post? Did Tasha have many friends here? Are you able to have friends? But you don't have feelings, do you? So you can become used to someone? Like my sister. I spent a lot of time in that section before they took it over. There are blind tunnels and dead ends that don't even show up on this map. If it wasn't for my implant setting off all the alarms, I could guide you to your men. No, it has a micro explosive inside that detonates on contact with air. When you join a cadre, you join for life. Our parents were killed in some crossfire just after I was born. Some people took care of us for a few months, then one day we came home and they were gone. So Tasha took care of me, and when I was old enough I joined the Coalition. My sister hated the cadres. She blamed them for our parents death. For everything. She refused to join, and she left as soon as she had the chance. I always thought she was weak for doing that, but maybe I was wrong. Maybe, maybe she made the right choice. To work together for something besides killing, to be close to someone without having to protect your back. Very appealing. You're the perfect example. I hardly even know you, Data, but already I completely trust you. I even consider you a friend. If I had known about this place fifteen years ago, things might've been different. Maybe it's not too late. [Ready room] Thank you, Data. It's all so different. On the colony, nobody does anything for anyone else unless they have something to gain from it. I have to tell Hayne and the others. I owe it to them. Guess I ought to get it over with. That would probably make things a little easier. (she gives Data a little kiss on the cheek) [Observation lounge] It's working. Captain's log, stardate 44225.3. Doctor Crusher has successfully removed Ishara's magnetic implant, enabling the young woman to guide our rescue attempt. Without my intending it, she has virtually become an active member of the crew. [Sickbay] Better than I've ever felt. (to Data) Thanks for staying with me. You keep it, Data, so you won't forget me. No. Just in case something goes wrong down there. [Corridor] Some day. If I'm lucky. This way. We're near the heart of the Alliance. Security is minimal here. They aren't expecting anybody this far in. Follow me. No, I'm not. I'm trying to remember. I was here, but it was a long time ago. There have been changes. It's through here. (a man is guarding a door) There. Your men are behind that door. (Riker, Worf and Data move forward. Riker shoots the guard, then he and Worf phaser open the door) [Chamber] I don't care about your crewmen. We have three thousand troops waiting at the perimeter. When the defences go down, they'll come in. The Alliance will fall. You don't have a choice. I don't want to kill you, Data. But I will. The Coalition's been all I've had for fifteen years. They've given me a life. I don't mind dying for them. But you won't have to if you just get out of here now. We never could have gotten this deep into Alliance territory without your help. What's the difference? You got what you came for. Why do you care about what we do? That doesn't matter now! None of it does! Now get out of here, Data, please. Now! No. You haven't said one word to me. I did what I had to do. I'm sorry if I hurt you in the process. You know, Data, I wasn't always lying to you. That time we spent talking, that was the closest thing to friendship I've ever had. If that means anything to you.
