Howard, my friend, you know how I abhor all acts of violence, but events are out of my control. As the hour of Ardra's return approaches, fear has overwhelmed my people. It has been a thousand years. The prophecies have come true. There is more. For several nights there have been visions of Ardra. Again, just as the contract said would occur before her return. No. She has appeared. I myself have seen her. I am afraid it will not matter. They know your weapons are useless against her, Captain. I will make inquiries concerning the hostages. The innocent should not suffer from our sins. But I can make no promises. [Observation lounge] Captain Picard, you shouldn't have come. Your life is in danger here. No reason? No, no, no, the threat is from Ardra. You cannot understand. She is here. Ardra, most powerful one, I am Jared, Leader of Ventax Two. I take responsibility for all that displeases you. Please, do not punish my people. Thank you, Ardra. The scrolls of Ardra, Captain. It is no longer my decision, Captain. Yes, Ardra. Panic gripped the people as the time of your return grew closer. Immediately. A thousand years ago our planet was dying. Overcrowded and dangerous city states warred unceasingly with each other. The air and water were polluted with industrial waste and there was a constant threat of starvation and epidemic. And then you came. Yes by the date. by the shaking of the cities, and by the visions. Yes. According to the scrolls, you offered us a thousand years of peace and prosperity, if we would promise to surrender ourselves to you at the end of the term. We had nothing to lose. There was no hope in sight. No, the changes occurred gradually over a long period of time. No, historical records indicate a council was convened to assess our options. They drew up a new constitution which the population later ratified. No. No, our leaders did that. And they signed a treaty of non-aggression. We shifted our economy from an industrial to an agrarian base. It was more ecologically sound. No, the record shows there were a series of initiatives covering everything from atmospheric contaminants to waste disposal. Ardra had left Ventax Two before the environmental reforms began. No doubt at all. Yes, Ardra. Yes, I would say so. Yes. But we have seen her powers here. I'm sorry, Captain Picard, but you are not Ardra. Thank you, Captain Picard. You saved our lives.
