What the? This is a Federation ship. I realise I wasn't supposed to be spelunking that cave, but don't you have something better to do? Oh. Well, I wasn't, so maybe you should just beam me back where I was? I, er, I know him. Is he in trouble? Why would anybody want to kill me? Am I? My mother never told me who my father was. Just that he was in Starfleet. She died a few years ago. If I'm not your son, is this person still going to want to kill me? In that case, you won't mind my saying that I hope you're not my father. [Sickbay] (Crusher draws a blood sample) No, I just enjoy climbing. No, they get in the way. I'm between jobs right now. What's all this? Is it valuable? I'd say you got taken. On Camor, something has value if you can eat it or sell it. Everything else is luxury. No. Thanks. No. Maybe that's not what she wanted. I think I'd like to go back to the surface now. What is the situation with Bok, anyway? Why does he want me dead? I can't hide forever. How long is this going to take? Where do I stay? Okay. Let's go. Yeah? Come in. Did Captain Picard ask you to come talk to me? I'll be all right. People have wanted to kill me before. And I have to admit I never thought I would. I'm a little shaky. But you know what? I feel better already just talking to you. He's okay. A little stiff. But where are you from? Do all the women there have eyes like yours? Fine. Maybe I'll do just that. [Picard's quarters] (Picard is sleeping) What was your name again? Actually, I meant your first name. Well, Sandra, do you think you could give me some room? Can't you can keep an eye on me from over there? (Security moves away. Jason's hand starts to shake so he puts his drink down) I thought you said your ship was the safest place I could be. Why the guards? Look, why don't you just drop me off somewhere. I can watch out for myself. I've been doing it since I was fifteen. All right, all right. I'll stay here. Thanks, but I think I can figure it out myself. Look, I'm sorry. I appreciate what you're trying to do. But Captain. Captain, father, Jean-Luc, I don't know what I'm supposed to call you. As soon as this thing with Bok is over, I'm leaving. So don't you see? There really isn't any point in our getting acquainted. Let me know as soon as you catch him, all right? Captain's log, stardate 47829.1. We've been in the Xendi Kabu system for over three hours, and still no sign of Bok. [Bridge] No, not really. Sometimes my hand shakes, but never this bad. About few months ago. Do you have any idea what's wrong with me? Not that I know of. Not bad. Yeah, I know. You came all the way up here just to tell me that? Thanks. That was nice of you. Like what? Well, you know how she was. See a stray cat, take it in. See somebody cold, give them your coat. She heard about the all children on Camor who'd been orphaned from the Cardassian war. I was only ten when we went there. I remember her telling me all about the boys and girls who didn't have anybody to take care of them. So she got this big house, practically falling apart, then she started rounding up children. Eventually, there were over forty of us there. She called it a school. You know, she got up before dawn every day and went to bed well after midnight. In between she never stopped working. She taught us all how to read. And she grew vegetables in hardpan to feed us. And she made sure we knew how to sing. It's important in a place like Camor. And then one day she was attacked by two men in the street in broad daylight for the food she was carrying. If she'd just given it to them, they probably wouldn't have hurt her. But she knew how important the food was to us. So they killed her. Don't be sorry for me. My mother made sure that we were all tough enough to make it. You don't understand. I'm not anybody you'd want for a son. Trust me, if you knew anything about me, you wouldn't be trying so hard. Oh, really? Let me spell it out for you. I've been in trouble since I was a teenager. I lie, I steal, I use people. I'm a criminal. That's what your son is. You do? You do. Yeah. Maybe we can make a deal. Tell my father you killed me. Put a phaser burn on my shirt and send it to him. He'll think I'm dead. That's what this is about, isn't it? I got friends on Camor Five that will make it worth your while. Doctor Crusher feels I'm responding well to the treatment. She thinks that the damage may be completely reversed. Yeah. I can't. I have a life back on Camor. It's a mess, but I'd like to go back and straighten things out. Well, maybe next time you come back this way, you can look me up. I can't accept this.
