William T. Riker. Class of fifty seven, graduated eighth in his class. I'm looking forward to serving with you, Commander. I'm sure this change in command has taken everyone a little by surprise. It caught me by surprise too. I must admit, I miss the Cairo already. But a Galaxy class ship, that's something special. I can understand why you turned down a ship of your own to remain aboard. How many duty watches does the crew stand? I'd like to change that to four starting tonight. I'd also like to examine the duty roster and the crew evaluations as soon as possible. I want readiness reports from each department head by fourteen hundred hours, and a meeting of the senior staff at fifteen hundred. Do you prefer Will or William? Where are my quarters, Will? Deck seven. I'll see you at thirteen hundred hours. [Ten Forward] (the two Captains are in dress uniform) Yeah, I know. Wearing these uniforms reminds me of my first days at the Academy. I relieve you, sir. Dismissed. I'll take care of the Enterprise, Jean-Luc. You don't have to mother me. How's your team shaping up? Two years? I don't know how Nechayev ever talked you into this. Well, maybe there's something we can do to help. We'll launch a class five probe just before we reach the border. You could pick up the telemetry aboard the shuttle. Will. I believe we're scheduled to arrive at the Cardassian border during delta shift. Please inform the delta tactical officer that I want to launch a class five probe just before we drop out of warp. Is there a problem with delta shift, Will? So you have not changed the watch rotation. You will tell the department heads that as of now the Enterprise is on a four shift rotation. I don't want to talk about it. Get it done. Now that means delta shift will be due to come on duty in two hours. I expect you to have it fully manned and ready when it does. Is that clear? He was your first officer for five years. Of course he is, Jean-Luc. I'm sure it'll all work out. Captain's log, stardate 46358.2. The Enterprise is on course for a rendezvous with the Cardassian ship Reklar. Fortunately, I still have time to prepare the ship and crew for the task ahead. [Bridge] I want you to install a bypass between the main phaser array and the secondary generators. I also want to run the main deflector pathway through the warp power grid and the auxiliary conduits through the lateral relays. You may have to reconfigure the transfer interface. I'm aware of your current design system. It's not good enough. If these negotiations fail, we could find ourselves in a war zone and if that happens I want to be loaded for bear. Good. Now these stations should be devoted to damage control and weapons status from now on. See that they're manned at all times. Mister Data, how long before we reach the rendezvous point? Schedule four battle drills, one for each shift. Run a series of simulated attacks from a Cardassian squadron. I want you to conduct the exercises personally, Will. Get it done. Oh, and get that fish out of the ready room. Data, you're with me. [Engineering] (Jellico and La Forge climb out of a Jefferies tube) Power transfer levels need to be upgraded by twenty percent. The efficiency of your warp coils is also unsatisfactory. I'm not interested in the specs, Geordi. The efficiency needs to be raised by at least fifteen percent. Very good, Data. That's exactly what I want you to do. We're not on a research mission. Get it done in two days. Then you'd better get to it, Geordi. It looks like you have some work to do. Data. [Ready room] (Jellico is arranging a sculpture or something when the doorbell rings) Yes? Deanna. Come in, come in. (there are some child's drawings on his desk.) The latest masterpieces from my son. It's an elephant. I think. I'm glad you're here. I'd like to go over the duty roster with you. I've noticed some resistance. I see your point. This all could be very unsettling to them. I'm glad you brought this to my attention, Deanna. Unfortunately, I don't have time for a honeymoon with the crew. You've clearly given this a lot of thought, so I'd like you to take charge of the morale situation. Please see to it that they make the adjustment to the new routine quickly and easily. I have a meeting with the new Security Chief in five minutes, so the duty roster will have to wait. Thank you, Counsellor. By the way. I prefer a certain formality on the Bridge. I'd appreciate it if you wore standard uniform when you're on duty. Well the Enterprise will be monitoring your channel just in case you do need to transmit a signal. Did you launch the probe I requested? Thank you. Jellico out. I can see why he's still only a first officer. I've read your reports, Jean-Luc. I know you think highly of him. Jean-Luc, let's be candid for a moment. The Cardassians aren't going to listen to reason, and the Federation isn't going to give in to their demands. And the chances are you won't be coming back from this mission of yours. I want this ship ready for action and I don't have time to give Will Riker or anyone else a chance. And forgive me for being blunt, but the Enterprise is mine now. Well, here's hoping you beat the odds. Good hunting. Jean-Luc. I believe this is yours. (and Shakespeare leaves the room) [Shuttlecraft] Very good. I'll be in my Ready room. [Ready room] (the wall behind the desk is now decorated with frames pictures from his son) Yes? No. The Observation Lounge is appropriate. Lemec is a Cardassian, and Cardassians are like timber wolves, predators, bold in large numbers cautious by themselves, and with an instinctive need to establish a dominant position in any social gathering. In that case, the trick is to be the wolf that's still standing at the end. [Precipice] I'm Captain Jellico. I believe you know Commander Riker, and this is Lieutenant Commander Troi. Let's get to it, shall we? Then I'm sure you're ready to talk. If it alarms you, I can ask them to leave. A great many people are depending on our efforts here, Gul Lemec. We don't need to quibble over minutiae. I can see you're not serious about these talks. If the Cardassian Union truly wishes to discuss peace, they can send someone who can negotiate in a civilised manner. [Bridge] Let him stew for a few minutes, then go in and tell him you've convinced me to meet with him one more time. Tell him I'm a loose cannon and that he needs to be more reasonable because I'm such an unreasonable man. Lemec will want to bring his own aides on board. Pretend to be worried that I'll object, and then give grudging permission for two aides, no more. Understood? Gul Lemec, a pleasure. Welcome aboard. For the past three weeks you've been massing troops in staging areas, assembling strike forces, and pulling ships from their normal patrols. We will not stand for this clearly provocative behaviour. Then I'm sure you won't mind if we send a few starships into this sector for our own training operations. You gave up your claims on those territories when you signed the armistice. You couldn't take those worlds by force, so you want us to give them to you at the bargaining table. So to speed up the process, you are preparing for war. I don't know what you're talking about. Very well. Reassigned. Yes, it would. [Lava tube] What have you got, Will? Which planet? Can you detect any theta-band subspace emissions coming from Celtris? Open a secure channel to Admiral Nechayev. Priority two. Put it through to my Ready room. Those emissions you were so concerned about have just stopped. I'd say one way or another, our friends have finished their task. No. So would I, Admiral. [Interrogation room] (Picard is brought in, handcuffed. The Gul is on a chair behind a large desk. There is one other chair in the room.)
I want this ship ready for action, and I don't have time to give Will Riker or any one else a chance. And forgive me for being blunt, but the Enterprise is mine now. (Shuttlecraft Feynman leaves the Enterprise) Gul Lemec, I assure you that what the Federation wants above all, is the preservation of peace. I don't know what you're talking about. What evidence do you have of that? Captain Picard and the others were sent to investigate reports of a metagenic weapon on Celtris Three. It's possible that they may have been captured. But if they did escape, they'll head for the Lyshan system. The Enterprise is supposed to meet them there in eight hours. Will, I want you to take a shuttlecraft and head for the rendezvous point. The Enterprise will have to remain here until the endgame with Gul Lemec is played out. You were smart not to try. Get some rest, Doctor. Will. [Corridor] I want Geordi to analyse the readings from Beverly's tricorder. Tell him to scrutinize every detail of those caverns on Celtris Three. I know you were close to him, Will, but we don't even know if he's still alive. Under the circumstances, a rescue mission would be foolhardy. He's gone. I'm sorry, Will, but you're going to have to accept that. I want those tricorder readings analysed by fourteen hundred hours. Captain Picard was not acting under my orders. No. It's not my concern. I'm listening. I'll have to discuss this with my superiors. Send a message to Admiral Necheyev. I recommend that she reject Lemec's proposal and deploy additional starships along the border. No. That would play right into Gul Lemec's hand. He's just waiting for some sign of weakness on our part before he starts making more demands. Are you questioning my judgment, Commander? Then maybe it's time you found other responsibilities. You're relieved. Don't make me confine you to quarters as well. They went to a lot of trouble to lure a Federation team to that planet. Why? So they tailored a fake weapon to lure Picard. But why? They must've known we'd change all his access codes and security protocols. Or something he was going to do in the future. In case of a Cardassian attack, the Enterprise will be assigned as Command ship for this sector. If the Cardassians got wind of that The question is, where? Geordi, I want you to conduct a discreet scan of Gul Lemec's ship. Look for anything unusual, anything that might indicate where they've been lately. Where could they have run into a dispersion field? Could there be Cardassian ships inside the McAllister nebula? Is there a Federation system near the McAllister nebula that might interest the Cardassians? Data, I want to be at Minos Korva in one hour. Starfleet now believes the Cardassians are preparing to invade Minos Korva. I'm convinced their invasion fleet is hiding in the McAllister Nebula. I intend to hit them before they leave it. You'd have to have some pretty good evidence to convince me of that. This discussion is moot. The plan has been approved and we are going ahead. Mister Data, by your calculations, how long could the Cardassian ships stay in the nebula? All right. Worf, prepare a series of five hundred antimatter mines with magnetic targeting capabilities. Geordi, we're going to need a shuttle specially outfitted to operate in the nebula by fourteen hundred hours. Beverly, you'll need to That's right. Dismissed. [Interrogation room] (Madred is having an egg for his meal) How are we doing? Good. [Shuttlecraft] Been awhile since I flew one of these. You're a pilot yourself, aren't you Geordi? I began my career as a shuttle pilot, on the Jovian run. Jupiter to Saturn and back once a day, every day. Then you must've done Titan's Turn. And pray like hell nobody saw you. Is that you? Am I disturbing you? Musician. Classical? Contemporary? Ah. Are you aware of our plans to attack the Cardassian invasion fleet? Let's drop the ranks for a moment. I don't like you. I think you're insubordinate, arrogant. wilful, and I don't think you're a particularly good first officer. But you are also the best pilot on the ship. I won't order you to fly this mission. I'm here to ask. Will you pilot the shuttle, Commander? Enterprise to shuttle. Were you successful, Commander? Very well. Red alert. Stand by to detonate the mines on my command. Open a channel to the Reklar. I'm not going to argue with you, Gul Lemec. Every one of your ships has a mine on its belly, my finger's on the button, and you're in a very bad position. Mister Worf, set off alpha four two. That was just a baby. The big boys are sitting on your hull just waiting for me to say the word. Your ships will leave the nebula one by one. Each ship will eject its primary phaser coil before setting course for the nearest Cardassian base. Mister Worf, prepare to detonate Excellent. Oh, and one more thing. I understand you're holding a Starfleet officer named Jean-Luc Picard. I expect him returned. immediately. [Interrogation room] (Picard has been left alone with the agoniser control pad. He starts to smash it against the desk as Madred enters.) Captain on the Bridge. Welcome home, Jean-Luc. Just the way you left it, maybe a little better. Computer, transfer all command codes to Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Voice authorisation Jellico alpha three one. I stand relieved. (to all) It's been an honour serving with you. (Jellico leaves with knives sticking out of his back)
