Several hours at least. He was in his lab, so I can't be sure. Jean-Luc. I thought the voice sounded familiar. I should have known. Who else would have charged to my rescue? Thank you. I hope I can be of some help. They were working in the second lab. Something happened there a few weeks ago. They were all killed. It was a terrible accident. I don't know exactly what happened. So many brilliant, wonderful minds, just gone. Paul's always been interested in time. He's never believed that it was immutable, any more than space is immutable. Over the last decade, he came to believe that we reside in one of infinite dimensions, and what holds us here is the constancy of time. Change that and it would be what he called opening the window to those other dimensions. Have you been experiencing something up here? That would explain his anxiety. I had no idea it had gone so far beyond Vandor. All I can tell you about that is Paul and the rest of the team searched for two years to find it. Vandor's exactly what they needed. A planetoid around a binary star. No. But he did say that he was very close to proving his theories. And then the accident. I didn't think so. Now, in retrospect, he probably did. That would explain all the unusual precautions he began taking, even before the accident. The force field, the elaborate security system. Every time he started a new experiment, he insisted that I stay in what he said called a protected room. Jean-Luc, he would never knowingly do anything to hurt anyone. But as he saw his goal getting closer, seeming possible, he became more and more obsessive. Maybe that clouded his judgement. This is not how I imagined seeing you again. You've done well. A great starship in the far reaches of the galaxy. It's everything you'd hoped. You can't. It's protected. One of the other scientists made sure no one could get in. Is he worse? Thank you for your kindness, Doctor. (Jenice kisses Picard's cheek and leave) Paul. Thank God. You're on the USS Enterprise. They answered your distress signal. Oh, Paul, you're going to be just fine. Help him. I'm sorry for intruding. I was told I'd find you here. I knew you wouldn't come to me. We have unfinished business. Why didn't you come to meet me that last day in Paris? Oh, I didn't want this. The truth. Of course. A nice, soft, painless lie. Ah, that's better. It was raining and you couldn't find a cab. I waited all day. And it was raining. It rained the rest of the week. I went to Starfleet headquarters looking for you, but you'd already shipped out. So, come on, Jean-Luc. Let's hear the truth. For a long time, not a day went by when I didn't look up into the sky, and wonder. I've thought a lot about this over the years, and perhaps you're leaving out your greatest fear. The real reason you left. That life with me would have somehow made you ordinary. Only to me. [Sickbay] Paul. How is he? Describe it. Don't tell me we're going back? We'll be going back. It always is, my love. You said my life would never be dull, and it never has been. How is this possible? It's Paris. Unbelievable. This is so real. Jean-Luc, don't tell me how you did it. I don't care. It's perfect. It's as if we were really there. I expect you to always come charging to my rescue. Goodbye, Jean-Luc. Be well. Thank you for Paris. (She walks away, but) Well, so much for my dramatically romantic exit. (The door appears and opens) [Bridge]
