Oh, er, six point eight kilometres. I bumped into Jeff again in the turbolift this morning. He asked me to dinner. I told him I'd think about it. I guess I asked for this. Go ahead. Okay, okay. I remember. No. No, it's for my own good. It's just so easy to forget. Hand me the sequencer. Since when did you develop an interest in romantic historical figures? That's very sweet, Data. It's beautiful. Like watching fireworks when I was a little girl. [Ten Forward] (a quintet is playing. Data on oboe, Jenna on flute, Keiko on clarinet, an alien on bassoon, and a man in casual clothes on French horn) My tempo was way off. I felt like I was rushing through the whole piece. Well, maybe, but I ruined the coda. I got confused with the phrasing again. I kept breathing at the wrong times. Thank you, Data. You're very generous. (later, at a table) Keiko, you sound just like Data. He came over to my quarters the other day to give me a music lesson, and he said the funniest thing. How did you put it, about the mess? So, before we started, he gallantly offered to help me straighten up. Sometimes in the summer we'd go on cookouts. Just my little brother and me, and mother. She was hopeless without a replicator. We didn't care. It's wasn't that. It's just that we felt so good being together, you know, as a family. We didn't have much of that after my father died. so those times were really special. I wish we were back there now, you and I. That what I love about you, Data. You make me laugh. I don't know why I keep falling for the wrong man. Why can't I fall for somebody like you. You're perfect. But you give me so much. You spend time with me when I was lonely, you encouraged me when I'm down. No man has ever been kinder to me. Those are the things that matter. I'd better be going. With your permission, Commander. I don't know if you're aware of this, but you're very handsome. (she gives him a full on kiss) I'll see you tomorrow. [Ten Forward] (Guinan pours yellow and blue liquids into a tall glass) They're lovely. Come in. What are they? You silver-tongued devil. Why don't I find a place to put these. Which won't be that easy. Ah. (she takes some old flowers out of a vase and puts the new ones in their place) I know. I'm hopeless. There. (on the table) They're beautiful, Data. It's really sweet of you. You didn't talk to the entire ship about us. This is all part of a programme? So I'm just a small variable in one of your new computational environments? Data, that's the nicest thing anybody's ever said to me. (he finally manages to pull her in for a kiss) [Bridge] I know it's a little unexpected. I couldn't wait. I wanted you to have this. The cat's out of the bag. No, I mean you've caught me in the act. I'm just trying to brighten things up around here. It's Tyrinean. What do you think? I hadn't thought of it that way. I'm sorry. Don't let me interrupt. Data? The Book of Love, chapter four, paragraph seventeen: When your girlfriend arrives with a gift, stop whatever it is you're doing, and give her your undivided attention. No. Exactly. Why don't we start with this. A critical analysis isn't necessarily the best response to a gift. Much better. Data, what's important is that you're trying. You don't know how much that means to me. Why don't you go back to your painting? Oh, I really mean it this time. I'll see you tonight. [Corridor] (a piece of bulkhead melts to reveal circuitry, then covers over again) [Ready room] Hi. Any luck with your diagnostic? We did a full security sweep. Nothing. Well, yes. I'll have a Calaman Sherry. I'm too tired to think about what I want. Maybe later. Data, that's all right. You don't have to do that. Please, just put them down. (so he drops the clothes back on the floor) Oh, no, that's not it. Data, there's just something strange about the way you're acting. Well, yes, but. What's wrong with you tonight? I've never seen you behave so foolishly. Why are you doing this? What? Data, I think you should just leave. Is that what this is? But there's something so forced and artificial about the way you're doing it, Data. It's just not the real you. Kiss me. (they kiss) What were you just thinking? I'm glad I was in there somewhere. [Bridge] Hi. The place looks great. Much less. It looks great, it really does. It looks great. I'm afraid it is. Data, I think we should talk. Could you sit down? I'm not sure how to begin. You and I. Our relationship. Data, sometimes people blindly make the same mistake again and again. I didn't see it until today. I got out of a relationship with an unemotional man, and I got right back into another, with a man who is absolutely incapable of emotion. You were so kind and attentive. I thought that would be enough. No, it's not. Because as close as we are, I don't really matter to you. Not really. Nothing I can say or do will ever make you happy or sad, or touch you in any way. No, that's alright, Data. I'd better go now. No, we're not. I'll see you later. (she leaves, sad, and the cat comes to his lap)
