Father, you know you're not supposed to probe someone's memory unless they've given you permission. This library of ours has been in the planning stages for years. A collection of the retrieved memories of races from many different star systems. But it's our way of life. We wouldn't want to do anything else. Father. Excuse me. (Jev exits hurriedly) I'm sorry. I'm being rude. My father finds it amusing to demean me in public. I reach the point where I don't want to hear any more. Oh, that's right. You're an empath. Deck sixteen. And have you enjoyed much success with this approach, Counsellor? Goodnight, Counsellor. And thank you. [Troi's quarters] (Troi is brushing her hair when she gets an image of falling coins, then - ) Imzadi. Have you stopped thinking about us? Just answer that. I can't stop thinking about you. Imzadi. Have you stopped thinking about us? Commander. Of course. Something's wrong? I'm sorry to hear it When did this happen? Are you suggesting that I behaved improperly, Commander? We talked in a turbolift, briefly. She got out at deck eight. I did not go with her. She seemed fine. She has a wonderful sense of humour. To what end? We have nothing to hide. If you wish to spend time examining us. Didn't you hear him? Keller is still in there. Keller is still in there. Keller is still in there. You killed her. Keller is still in there. You killed her. You killed her. You killed her. [Riker's quarters] (and Riker collapses) [Bridge] But you've already examined us. We aren't carrying anything harmful. We will be happy to cooperate, Doctor. You shouldn't remember him like this. Father. Captain, our history indicates that we do not adversely affect the people we contact. Then are you implying an intentional assault? Surely you would give us the chance to prove that we are innocent? Then I would propose doing a memory probe of Counsellor Troi. You have said that she doesn't remember anything that happened before she lapsed into unconsciousness. I could retrieve that memory There is a possibility that it could explain the coma and prove our innocence. Counsellor, what's the last thing you remember the other night? Would you get your hairbrush? Tell me about brushing your hair. Do you do it every night? What is it? Someone's with you in the room? Go on. Something's happening. Go back into that memory. You said someone was touching your hair? Remembering a time when you were with him. It's a pleasant memory. Stay with it. You're frightened. Someone else is there? Who is it? Can you see his face? Inad and I have contacted our home planet. If you want to prosecute my father, the authorities there will support you. According to what I've just learned, it's a practice that was abolished on our world centuries ago. I don't know. A perverse source of pleasure, perhaps? A way to exercise control over another? My father has never been one to admit that he's wrong. But it is difficult to believe he'd be capable of this. I am told that the punishment for this crime is quite severe. We are monitoring my father's telepathic activities. You have my assurance he won't assault anyone else. I am sorry for this, Captain. (Jev leaves) We'll be reaching starbase soon. I wanted to say goodbye, and to apologise again for my father. Before all this happened, I had hoped we might become friends. After what he's put you through? Maybe you can forget. I'm not sure I can. You're so lovely. I have to go. Goodbye. No. Why do you have to be so nice? So lovely. (and he goes into memory probe mode. The chips fall again) You're so beautiful. So fragile. (as Riker) Have you stopped thinking about us?
