I am alive? Thank you for my life. Tell me, who am I? Captain's log, stardate 43960.6. Our mission to map the Zeta Gelis star cluster is proceeding on schedule. Meanwhile, Doctor Crusher reports that the recovery of the patient she has named John Doe continues at a remarkable pace. [Sickbay - room four] (John is receiving laser therapy for his arms) None. I can feel the life returning to my body. That should give you and your colleagues something to talk about. I believe I'm ready for the next phase of my treatment. I appreciate your concern, Doctor, but I think I may surprise you again. I feel strong enough to fly. (He stands, takes one step forward and gently folds into Crushers arms) Perhaps I should concentrate on walking first. Much more slowly. (He totters around the room as Picard enters, then falls over again as he reaches them. Picard catches him this time) I envy your reflexes, Captain. I have an extraordinary doctor. She gave me back my life. I hope that I am worthy of her efforts. Unfortunately, Captain, my memories begin the moment I woke up in Sickbay. Doctor Crusher told me you think I was in some kind of battle. No. Believe me, Captain, it's a horrible feeling not knowing who you are or where you're from. Yes. I think I've made enough progress for one day. I seem to be a mystery, Doctor. To you and to myself. [Turbolift] (The doors open to reveal Christi and Geordi kissing. Riker, waiting in the corridor, coughs) Judge for yourself. (John walks around unaided) Your mom promised me a tour of the ship tomorrow. You may find this hard to believe, but Sickbay can be an incredibly boring place to be. Don't worry my friend. You'll be alright. (Beverly returns to see John put his hand on O'Brien's shoulder. There's a golden glow) I don't know. It was instinct. I just touched him. [Crushers' quarters] (After dinner) Home? I cannot go back. You must not take me home, Captain. All I know is that we came out here to escape. Yes, I was not alone. But what happened to the others, or what we were escaping from, I cannot remember. But I do know you must not take me back. Not yet. You're right, of course, Captain. I apologise for my outburst. This ship is astounding. It seems to stretch on without end. This looks like an ideal place to rest. Truly remarkable. These people. They're all so different from one another yet they work together freely. It is new to me. My people are different somehow. If only I could remember. Yesterday, for one terrifying moment, there was clarity. Yes. For that moment my purpose seemed clear, and then it was gone. Beverly, you've done so much for me. I only wish there was some way I could repay you. The rapport that exists between us also means a great deal to me. But I am on some kind of journey. Whatever brought me here, whatever is happening to my body, is all part of that journey. And I must complete it before any other consideration. [Bridge] I can't make it stop. Much worse. I have to leave, Beverly. I must get off this ship. I must! (another big moment, and he runs out the door) [Corridor] Get back. Please, stay away. No. Do not come any closer. I cannot control over what is happening to me. (There is a massive golden glow that is bigger than John and pushes Worf over the railing) Yes. I don't know. I warned him. I told him it was dangerous. I don't know. I'm afraid. For myself. For all of you. I have to get away. Isolate myself. Whatever is happening to me, it's dangerous. I don't want to hurt anyone. Captain, for the sake of your crew, let me go before this happens again. For what? I doubt I can take credit for that. Perhaps I only helped you find something you already had. Sunad. (mute) Yes. I don't know how, but he's dangerous. (resume) I can neither confirm nor deny what the Zalkonians told you. Their accusations may be true. I don't know. I don't believe that I am a criminal. Completely, and I refuse to place your ship in danger. If necessary, I will surrender to them. But I am convinced there's more at stake here than my life. There's something important I must complete. My survival is vital. If I could explain it, I would. It's come back to me, Beverly. I know who I am. What I am. [Corridor] (John heals a crewman lying on the floor, then transmits his golden glow through the computer interface to the entire ship) [Bridge] You will no longer harm these people, Sunad. Do not be afraid. I won't hurt you. You could learn from these people, Sunad. They do not fear me. That is what you and the other leaders have maintained for generations, but it is not true. Captain, my species is on the verge of a wondrous evolutionary change. A transmutation beyond our physical being. I am the first of my kind to approach this metamorphosis. They tried to convince us it was a sickness we would never survive, that the pain and energy pulses would kill us. They claimed we were dangerous so they destroyed anyone who exhibited the signs of the transfiguration. By murdering us? You saw the mutations as a threat to your authority. You were terrified of something you couldn't understand. Some suspected that what was happening to them was not evil. Four of us decided to flee Zalkon and let the metamorphosis take its course. You hunted us down, killed the others, but I survived with the help of a kind and generous people. (John turns into a golden glowing man) There is nothing to fear. You can join me. All Zalkonians can. Let me show you. As you wish. But others will listen now that you can no longer prevent me from telling them the truth. Those who are willing will follow me. My people are about to embark upon a new realm, a new plane of existence, thanks to you. Beverly, you gave me life and more. I do not have the words for my gratitude nor my sorrow at leaving you. (He strokes her cheek, turns into a ball of energy and flies out through the ceiling into space) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
