Captain> (stands up and bows) I am Jono. Take me home to my Captain. Take me home to Endar! [Crusher's office] She won't leave me alone! She keeps trying to dissect me! I don't want her help! I should be back with my brothers! Send us back to Captain Endar! Yes, Captain. Why are you here, Klingon, with them? Did they capture you too? Why do you take orders from a female? Among my people, a female can never outrank a man. I am no more human than you are. I am Talarian. I will make the B'Nar, the mourning, until I am back with my brothers! [Observation lounge] It is the custom of my people when we are in distress. Yes. Yes, sir. This is a cage. I am still your captive. Are you going to return me to my Captain? Including me? I don't like this place. I've always lived with my Captain. It's Klingon. Not here. So that I don't have to touch an alien. Pain is not a consideration. I did not say that. Don't you understand? Pain is not what matters. Passing the tests is everything. You understand nothing. I will not listen to this. I will not listen to your lies. [Ready room] You turned off my music. I cannot rest on your beds. They hurt my back. My name is Jono. I know that Endar rescued me. He told me so. It was war. Death is part of war. Endar! Endar. Yes, Captain. Except I was forbidden to make the B'Nar. They look like me. Yes, I know. No, of course not. I am ready to die. [Bridge] (Picard and Troi enter) She wears a Starfleet uniform. What is her rank? She outranks you? If I were home now, I would go to the brae, and run along the river run as fast as I could! I can't do any of the things that calm me here. You won't let me have my music, you won't let me make the B'Nar! I feel if I stay still much longer I will die! I win at all the games. I'm fine. (Another rally, until Jono collapses with the voices) No! Momma! She was all red. I cried. She didn't answer me. [Picard's quarters] She used to sing to me. I don't remember the melody, just the sound of her voice. Before I remembered these things, I was strong. And now I do not think so. I think I will always feel like this. [Ten Forward] (Riker and Wesley are at a table, eating. Data is playing chess) Yes, Captain. I'm looking forward to next time. What is that? Forgive me. (Everyone is laughing, including Jono) That does not matter. What matters is that I have attacked a Captain. I am ready to be put to death. To attack a superior is the worst offence. I will die at your hands. But I have committed a terrible crime. I was. Then I thought about my father. I felt I had betrayed him. I'd be throwing away all that he's given me, all that I'd learned from him. My home, running along the river, playing in the games, sharing victory with my brothers. All the things that are part of my life. As I grew closer and closer to you, I knew that meant leaving more and more of that life behind. Forgive me, Captain, but I could not allow myself to do that. [Bridge] Goodbye, Captain. Thank you. (Jono steps down from the pad, takes off his gloves, takes hold of Picard's head and touches foreheads with him) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
