Captain, our situation has worsened since my husband and I first contacted you. The molten core of our planet is not just cooling, it's begun to solidify. If the cooling continues at this rate Atrea will become uninhabitable in thirteen months. A few kilometres, why? I see. Injecting sufficient plasma directly into the core should trigger a chain reaction, and that will reliquify the magma. Data? Do you have any idea who I am? You lost all your early memories. We thought you would, but we couldn't be certain. Oh, Data, I was there, right at the beginning on Omicron Theta. I helped create you. Now look at you. Yes, I certainly was. And I was also his wife. In a way, I suppose you could say I am your mother. [Ten Forward] I still can't believe I'm seeing you like this again, after all these years. Oh, there's a reason for that. We wiped your processors after we finished refining your programming. Why don't you tell me what you do remember, and then I'll fill in the gaps. After the attack of the Crystalline Entity. We hoped their experiences would be useful. After your childhood, we figured you could use all the help you could get. That's what I called it. You were like a baby, at first. A hundred kilogram baby, but still. You had trouble learning your motor skills, learning how to process sensory information. And of course Noonian was never satisfied. He kept tinkering, trying to make you as human as possible. Then we deactivated you and programmed you with the colonists' logs. We had planned to reactivate you, but we never got the chance. That's when the Crystalline Entity attacked. We had to leave quickly. We wanted to take you with us, but there was only room for two in the escape pod. That's me. Because of my mother. She thought that Noonian was an eccentric scientist who was too old for me. We decided to marry secretly to give her a chance to get used to our being together. We slipped away to Mavala Four and got married there. A Klingon and a Corvallan trader were our witnesses. It wasn't exactly the wedding I'd hoped for. Somehow Noonian had a way of making even the oddest things seem romantic. How would you know that? That's where we went to after we left the outpost. I had no idea that you'd even met him. He's dead? I had no idea it would hit me this hard. We didn't exactly part on the best of terms. I realised he loved his work as much as he loved me. Maybe more. There we were, stuck on this planet in the middle of the jungle with no one else to talk to. No life. It just wasn't enough. That's why I left. That was all a very, very long time ago. The important thing is that we're here now together. And I do want to get to know you. Data? I wanted to make you female, but your father insisted on a son. We argued about it endlessly, right up until we were ready to assemble you. Noonian walked in with your head in his hand and, innocent as you please, said it was up to me. He knew perfectly well what he was doing. Once again he had made it in his own image. What could I possibly say? (reads door name plate) Deanna Troi, is that who you're going to visit? Your father would be so pleased. He was worried that the sexuality programme he designed for you wouldn't work. Goodnight. [Engineering] I'm going to monitor the density of the rock layers and adjust the strength of the particle beam as we go. That should minimise the seismic stress that we generate while we're drilling. I'm just so pleased you've got good manners. It wasn't easy to strike the right balance with your programming. At first you couldn't have cared less about the social niceties like please and thank you. You were downright rude, in fact. That was nothing to the problems we encountered. Never mind. I don't want to embarrass you. Well, the one thing we couldn't anticipate was that you didn't seem to mind about being naked. Some of the colonists objected to having an anatomically correct android running around without any clothes on. We asked you to dress, but you didn't feel it was necessary because you didn't suffer from the elements. We actually had to write a modesty sub-routine to get you to keep your clothes on. Another five seconds should do it. We've broken through. [Bridge] The pocket seems stable. Data, do you have any plans right now? Maybe we should spend a little time together? I'd love to see your quarters. [Data's quarters] (Data plays violin for her. Juliana applauds) That was beautiful. It was, really. I suppose there's a certain amount of vanity involved, considering that giving you a creative aspect was my idea. Your father didn't really see the point. He thought that since you didn't have emotions, there would be no real need for you to express yourself. Somehow I had the feeling the opposite would be true. Well, I'm glad I insisted. Data, I'm very familiar with that Handel piece. How would you feel about my playing the viola part tomorrow? I'll have to practice. You don't have a viola? Did you paint these? It's very good. Who's this? Your daughter? Where is she now? I see. Yes. Yes, of course. [Ten Forward] (the place is empty so they are practising here) Yes, yes, very nice. Data, may I ask you something? Do you think you'll ever try to create an android again? How do you know the same thing won't happen? Creating a stable positronic matrix is very tricky. Your father lost several prototypes before Lore. There were three of them. They were like children to us. Losing them was very painful. When Noonian decided to try again, I was very much against it. I didn't think we had the right to bring a life into the world with so little chance of surviving. But your Father was sure that he'd figured out what went wrong, insisted he could make a stable matrix, and he did. But Lore was cruel. Evil. Eventually we had no choice, we had to dismantle him. Your father decided to build yet another android, one who didn't have emotions. I couldn't believe he would want to try again. Initially I was. But I was wrong, I know that now. I've followed your progress for years. I'm very proud of what you've accomplished. Because I felt guilty about something I'd done. I lied. When I said there was no room for you in the escape pod that we took from Omicron. There was. I didn't want to bring you with us. I was afraid if we reactivated you, you'd turn out like Lore. I made Noonian leave you behind. [Engineering] We must have hit a pocket of magnesite ore. I'll try to adjust the phaser harmonics to compensate. There is no other suitable location. Just give me a few more seconds. It was just luck I hit the right frequency. All right, we're less than two kilometres away from the target site. Stand by to terminate the beam. Now. I'll need another minute to align the diverter. (Data is watching Juliana very carefully) Good, we're almost done here. It's all right, Pran. I know what I said to you must have been hard to hear, but I hope you understand my reasons. Well, I'll try. What do you want to know? Oh, Data, how can I answer that? I just don't want you to misunderstand my answer. No, I wouldn't have left you behind if you'd been my biological child. Absolutely not. I cherished every android your father and I created as if it were my child. Even Lore. Despite the fact that he turned on us, despite the dreadful things he did, dismantling him was the most difficult thing I ever had to do. I was afraid that if you turned out like him I would have to dismantle you, too. And I couldn't bear to do that. I'm not trying to justify leaving you behind. I'm just sorry I did. I hope you believe me. What happened? (Pran is injured) Then we must finish configuring the unit and inject the plasma immediately. [Bridge] Now, Commander, it may take months to find another suitable site. The core may solidify by then. You're hurt. I'll go. [Magma pocket] (Data is standing up the pattern enhancers and scanning the area when a quake strikes) The infuser's been damaged. We're going to have to start the programming sequence all over again. Re-initialising the particle stream buffer. There. Now we just have to re-align the diverter. (another quake rocks the chamber) That's it. Let's go. (they go down the passage and discover everything has fallen down into a pit) Can we transport without the pattern enhancers? How are we going to get down there? No, it's too far! I won't make it! Data? What happened? The last thing I remember is jumping off a cliff. When will I see you again? I would like that very much. Well, I'd better be going. That's nice to know. On Atrea there is a saying, that a child born from parents who love each other will have nothing but goodness in his heart. I guess that explains you. Take care of yourself, son.
