I greet you. I am K'Ehleyr. You speak Klingon. Klingons are not supposed to mind hardship. Nonetheless, I am delighted to be out of that damned coffin. Whoever said that getting there was half the fun never rode in a class eight probe. No doubt because I am only half Klingon. Yes. My father was Klingon. My mother was human. (And the lovely Susie Plaxton previously played a Vulcan on TNG) [Observation Lounge] Worf. So this is where you've been hiding. I told you we'd meet again. Aren't you going to greet me? Haven't changed a bit. Well, I missed you, too. Two days ago, Starbase Three Three Six received an automated transmission from a Klingon ship, the T'Ong. That ship was sent out over seventy five years ago. The message was directed to the Klingon High Command. It said only that the ship was returning home and was about to reach its awakening point. Exactly. We'll have a ship full of Klingons who think the war is still going on. A Klingon ship, the P'rang, is on its way, but it's two days behind us. That may be too late. Nice, ripe targets for a Klingon warship. No, not a chance. If you ask me, talking will be a waste of time. Klingons of that era were raised to despise humans. We'll try diplomacy. But I promise you it won't work. And then you'll have to destroy them. No. Captain, these Klingons are killers. You'll have no choice. Captain. (All leave except Picard and Worf) Actually, the DNA is compatible, with a fair amount of help. Rather like my parents. Really? It was the other way around for me. My mother was human. You must've grown up like I did, trapped between cultures. Perhaps you got the best of each. [K'Ehleyr's quarters] Myself, I think I got the worst of each. Oh, yes. Having my mother's sense of humour is bad enough. It's gotten me into plenty of trouble. That, I keep under tight control. It's like a terrible temper. It's not something I want people to see. Not like mine. Sometimes I feel there's a monster inside of me, fighting to get out. Of course it does. My Klingon side can be terrifying, even to me. That doesn't mean I have to like it. [Tactical room] ((K'Ehleyr has changed into a red leather catsuit) Sorry. Had to make myself beautiful. Worf, we're alone now. You don't have to act like a Klingon glacier. I don't bite. Well, that's wrong, I do bite. You weren't this aloof six years ago. Or don't you remember? Well there's something wrong with the rest of you. You're not even looking at me. And it gives you no pleasure to see me again. It isn't as if we tried it and it didn't work, you know. You never gave it a chance. I mean, as I see it, we have some unfinished business, you and I. Probably some secret military objective. Why else would there be no record of the mission? What does it matter? Our concern is the present, the possible threat. We have all the information we need. There is nothing to understand. These are Klingons. They'll attack. In their minds, we're the enemy, and there's no way we're going to talk them out of that! And I do not appreciate wasting my time. There aren't any. The assignment's hopeless. Oh, are there? Tell me, whatever happened to that wonderful Klingon fatalism of yours? Starfleet hasn't improved you one bit. You're as stubborn as ever. All right, I will. Upon due consideration of the problem and careful examination of all possible options, my original recommendation stands. Meeting adjourned. [K'Ehleyr's quarters] (She takes out her pent up rage on the poor defenceless glass table. Then the doorbell rings) Come. (Troi enters, carefully) Your finely-honed Betazoid sense tells you that? I warned you about my Klingon half. I thank you, Counsellor. But I don't want any counseling. Oh? And it'll keep me from wrecking the ship. Show me the exercise menu. Hold. Calisthenics programme of Lieutenant Worf. It's not much of a programme. Some calisthenics programs are better than others. You don't like people with a sense of humour? Worf, you're the perfect Klingon. The ultimate minimalist. Talk to me. Whereas others take a simpler approach. Say nothing. Or is loath to speak them. Why didn't we do this six years ago? I was. Perhaps we lacked courage as well. Wait. You can't mean Yes, I know. I was there. But I'm not going to become your wife! Don't give me that Klingon nonsense. They're not sacred. They're absurd! Marrying you is out of the question for a million reasons. Worf, it was what it was. Glorious and wonderful and all that, but it doesn't mean anything. I am human! So that means we should bond for life? Yours, not mine! I will not take the oath! Believe what you will. [Bridge] I've been working on our assignment, trying a few computer simulations. Unwilling to be alone with me? An android chaperon. Never mind. I guess I can't blame you. Tell me one thing. You would have gone through with the oath, wouldn't you? Regardless of the consequences to our careers, to our lives? What do you want? Is honour all you care about? Don't you feel anything else? No comment, huh? Poor android. Whose behaviour do you find more perplexing? Human or Klingon? So would I. Okay. When we locate the T'Ong, there are two possibilities. First [Observation Lounge] We find the ship before it reaches the awakening point. In that case, we simply keep the crew asleep. Then we await the arrival of the Klingon ship P'rang. But there's the second possibility. That the crew of the T'Ong has already revived. Klingons of that ear doing research for its own sake? The point is that this is beside the point. These are Klingons, at war with us. Whatever their mission was, once they see a Federation target, they'll attack. That would gain you nothing. Disable the ship, and K'Temoc will destroy it himself. If we don't reach the T'Ong before its crew wakes up, you have no alternatives. Better lock in phasers. This may be the only chance you get. Well, Captain you've had your chance. (a few minutes later, La Forge enters) Captain let them die like Klingons, in battle. They deserve that much. And you wore it well. [Transporter room] In the meantime, I'll begin the assimilation of these Klingons to our era. No. Nothing else. Damn you, Worf. You'd let me go without saying another word, wouldn't you? Nothing. Everything. We're about to go our separate ways again. I hid the truth from you. Last night did have meaning. I was tempted to take the oath with you, but it scared me. I've never had such strong feelings toward anyone. Then it was more than just a point of honour. Maybe someday, when our paths cross again, I won't be as easy to get rid of.
Hello, Captain Picard. It's good to see you again, Captain. Lieutenant Worf. There is an urgent matter we must discuss, Captain. Permission to come aboard?
