It's about time you arrived, Picard. Sit. (He dismisses the guard with a wave of his hand) I need your help. Too late. For some months I have been poisoned with small doses of Veridium six. The wine. There is no cure. After I die, you will act in my name to arbitrate the struggle for power. No one on the Council can be trusted, and I have my reasons for wanting an outsider. Nonsense. You are an accomplished mediator. This is no different than any other dispute requiring your services. If you refuse the dying request of the Klingon Supreme Commander it will be a insult by the Federation to all Klingons. Besides, I've already sent the order to the leaders of the two opposing factions. They're on their way. If I'd asked, you would have said no. No. By tradition, the two strongest challengers fight for the right of succession. As mediator, only you can designate those challengers. I want you to discover which one of them has killed me. Gowron or Duras. Yes, Duras. I thought you would find that interesting. And I approved. All for the glory of the Empire. That should be my epitaph. Find the assassin. The Klingon who kills without showing his face has no honour. He must not lead the Empire. Such a man would be capable of anything. Even war with the Federation.
Worf, son of Mogh, you have challenged the judgment of the council. Are you prepared to answer for this if you fail? Why do you come before us, Commander? Duras, let him speak. The trust of a commanding officer is admirable. The council has noted it. Speak the accusation. The council stands in recess. We will return for the Mek'ba, when the evidence will be presented. Qapla' [Bridge] Worf. I would speak with you. Alone. (Kurn leaves them and is handed a message by a woman. He leaves) You should not have brought the challenge. There was no risk to you. What does it matter? Of that I have no question. But your life in the Federation would not be affected by this judgement. Is dead. He died long ago. I knew your father, served with him. This is not how I wanted to remember him. We must let the past be and protect what we have now. If you leave before the Mek'ba, no shame will come on you. Return to your ship. Go back to your life. The challenge will be forgotten. I will not be questioned by you! Leave, now, or you too will be condemned as a traitor. [Bridge] Duras! Len'mat. (K'Mpec gets up and walks out) Worf, son of Mogh, the judgement of Len'mat. [K'mpec's Chamber] Be silent, Duras. Would you kill an old women to cover your dishonour? Obviously, we would not. Kahlest, you can go now. It is good to see you again. I asked you to leave, to let this challenge go unanswered, but you did not hear my words. And now it's come to this. Someone had to be blamed. The warriors who captured the Romulan ship had learned of the treachery, but only the Council knew whose security code had been transmitted. Ja'rod, father of Duras. His family is powerful. If the truth were known, it would shatter the Council, most certainly plunge us into civil war. You were in Starfleet. We did not expect you to challenge the judgment, nor did we know there was another son of Mogh. You do not understand. His challenge was defeated before he ever made it. You will not be allowed to present this evidence. The judgment stands. You will be condemned. So will your brother. There is no other way now. The Empire will not be destroyed for one family's honour. This is not the Federation, Picard. If you defy an order of the High Council, the alliance with the Federation could fall to dust. It would be the same as admitting your father's guilt, Worf. Your heart is Klingon. It will be done. What has been said here will never be spoken of again. biHnuch. (one by one, the Klingons cross their arms and turn their backs on Worf)
