Ni'tokor bak'to! (the robbers run off) Q'apla, Worf. You are too much for them. A friend. (he holds out his fist, displaying a ring) Your brother sent me here to protect you. [Observation lounge] It is a Klingon matter. It is not your concern. Recently, rumours began to circulate on the homeworld that an assassination attempt was going to be made on the family of Mogh. Kurn sent me here to make sure nothing happened to Worf. I tried to contact him over subspace. I was told he was not aboard. I decided to beam directly to the surface. Forgive me for being blunt, Commander, but when it comes to protecting the house to which I have pledged my life, I trust no one. We have other evidence that indicates the Duras sisters, Lursa and B'Etor, were behind the attack. Kurn's seat on the Council, of course. First, we must to find them. That was months ago. No one knows where they went from there. I would. Worf and I have much to discuss. [Worf's quarters] I will send Kurn a message telling him what happened, but he will not receive it for days. He's gone to the Hitora colony I may have been rude by human standards. I meant no disrespect. What is the matter, Worf? Have you been living so long among humans that you have forgotten how Klingons behave? I trust you have made your son aware of that fact as well. Good. Because someday Alexander may be called upon to lead the house of Mogh. Kurn has no male heir. He wants to make sure that Alexander is preparing himself. No. But you are alone among humans. It cannot be easy to keep our ways. How are his fighting skills? Can he handle a bat'leth? He must. He's nearing the age of ascension. What? Perhaps together, you and I can find a way to spark the boy's interest in his heritage. Tomorrow, then. May I say goodnight to the boy? Is this your mother? You miss her a great deal, don't you? It must be hard for you, being the only Klingon your age aboard this ship. Have you ever been to the Homeworld? I think you would like it there. At your uncle's house there is a lake you can swim in that is so clear you can see all the way to the bottom. You have cousins there. They want to meet you. I understand. You're afraid. You don't whether the Homeworld is safe. What happened today on the planet is frightening. You're still troubled. You must have wanted to help us fight them off. Someday, if you work hard, you will become a warrior. A Klingon warrior. And you will always feel safe because you will know how to defend yourself. And I'll tell you something else. If anyone ever tries to hurt your father again, you will be able to fight at his side and make sure nothing happens to him. What do you think of that? Goodnight, Alexander. Dream well. Did I not tell you as much? Could not he have been lying? Congratulations, Commander. I did not think it would be possible to find the sisters. I took the liberty of creating a holodeck programme. I'll show you. Computer, run programme K'mtar alpha one. You said you wished you had been able to help your father fight, but you did not know how. You have probably fought that battle over and over again in your mind. Let's see what happens now. (He gives Worf a dagger) Computer, give me two Klingon warriors. Size is not the most important thing. Skill, cunning, powers of observation are the most important weapons. Ni'tokor bak'to! (Worf defeats his man easily while Alexander holds a dagger at bay with his bat'leth) Freeze programme. Look what this ko'tal is doing. You see his leg? That will give a clue as to what his next move will be. Stand ready. Computer, resume programme. (Alexander knocks the klingon down) Po'tajg! Po'tajg! Finish him. (Alexander drops his bat'leth and walks away. The klingon gets up to kill him instead) Freeze programme. You should have killed him when you had the chance. Look at him! He did not care that you showed him mercy. He was going to kill you. If this was real, he'd be dead by now. (Alexander runs out of the holodeck) Worf. I am sorry about what happened. I should not have gotten so angry. It's just that I am worried about Alexander. Kurn told me that his mother actively discouraged him exploring his Klingon heritage. Someday I'm sure he will appreciate you and be grateful for all that you have given him. But still, compared to other boys his age, his fighting skills are years behind. I thought that you might consider sending him to the training Academy on Ogat. Your brother is an influential man. I'm sure he could see to it that Alexander was admitted. I am only thinking of what is best for the boy. There, he would learn our ways. He would live like a Klingon. How can you expect him to lead our family when all he knows is life aboard a Federation starship? The boy is more human than Klingon. If he stays here, he will never be a warrior. He will never be able to defend our family against its enemies. Not necessarily. I would be well within my rights to invoke ya'nora kor. For the good of our house, yes. Worf, I beg of you. Please stop thinking of yourself. It is Alexander we should be considering. Look into your heart and do what is best for him. [Worf's quarters] Kahless was determined to teach his brother a lesson because he had told a lie. But Morath refused to fight him and instead ran away. Kahless pursued him across the valleys, over the mountains, and down to the edge of the sea. And there on the shore, they fought for Alexander, it is important to tell these stories, even if we already know them. It made him look like a coward. You're missing the point. He ran because he was a coward. No more questions! These are our stories. It is important for a warrior to learn how to interpret them properly. No, your head is filled with foolish human notions about the way things are. You are Klingon. It is time you began to act like one. Listen to me, Alexander. When a human looks at you, he does not see himself. He sees a Klingon. It does. You are different than everyone else aboard this ship. It is. The only way that you will ever feel as if you truly belong, is to leave here and go live with your own kind. I know a Klingon school you could go to. You would be welcome there. They would teach you how to be a warrior, prepare you for the Rite of Ascension. After you were there a while you would find that you wouldn't want to do anything else. Alexander, you must. Everything depends on it. Yes. On the Homeworld. I will send a message to Kurn. He may wish to return to the Homeworld as well. (K'mtar leaves) Father. Stop, I am your son. I am Alexander. I am your son Alexander. I have come to this time from forty years in the future. Look at me. When we first met you said I looked familiar. No. Look closely. I am your son. I was three years old. She was dying when we found her. She barely managed to whisper my name and then she took my hand and placed it in yours. Then she died. And then you howled in rage and said, look upon her. Look upon death and always to remember. And I always have. (Worf stops strangling him) I met a man in the Cambra system. He gave me a chance to change the past. He had the ability to send me here, to this time. I was hoping that I would not have to, that I could change things, that I could change myself. But I could not. And now everything is going to turn out like it did before. I cannot let that happen. You will be killed because I was naive, too weak to be able to protect you. I was there! I saw you murdered. I was to blame. You don't understand. I did not become a warrior. I was a diplomat, a peacemaker. When it came my time to lead our family, I thought that I could single handedly end the fighting between the great houses. I publicly announced that the house of Mogh would be the first to end the feuding. That there would be no more retribution, no more revenge. You tried to warn me. You tried to tell me that I should not show weakness, but I thought you were a foolish old man. I told you that you were a relic from an earlier time and that a new era of peace was at hand. But you were right. My enemies saw my weakness and moved against me. And unless I stop it right now, that boy will see his father killed on the floor of the Council Chamber. I staged the assassination attempt to try and frighten him, to make him realise that he must follow the ways of the warrior. If I had listened to you, if I had become the warrior that you had wanted me to be, you would not have died in my arms. It is a futile struggle. I cannot change things. The boy I was has not changed. I love you, Father.
