I am Kahless, and I have returned. [Temple] (Kahless and the group march in, and Kahless picks up the bat'leth from the throne) I have returned. You doubt me. Who here knows the story of how this sword was forged? I went into the mountains, all the way to the volcano at Kri'stak. There I cut off a lock of my hair and thrust it into the river of molten rock which poured from the summit. The hair began to burn. Then I plunged it into the lake of Lusor and twisted it into this sword. And after I used it to kill the tyrant Molor I gave it a name. Bat'leth. The sword of honour. I have returned because there is a great need in my people. They fight among themselves in petty wars and corrupt the glory of the Klingon spirit. They have lost their way. But it is not too late. I have returned and I will lead my people again. (Koroth kneels) What is it you are doing? Tricorder? Is it a weapon? To see if I was real. Proceed. Use your tricorder. Well? What else could I be? So, you are a sceptic, Worf. I like that. We have met before. I appeared to you in a vision in the caves of No'Mat. You were just a child then. I told you that you would do something that no Klingon had ever done before. You still do not believe it is me, do you Worf? That is a beginning. [Temple] (a dining table is set up in the aisle, as Kahless sits on his throne and is briefed by a priest) Do not worry. We are on the threshold of a new era for our people. Klingons from all over the Empire will flock to my banner. Yet something still weighs heavy on the brow of the son of Mogh. Are you contemplating yet another question for me? After three days, I am beginning to wonder if you know how to do anything else. Do not forget that a leader need not answer questions of those he leads. It is enough that he says to do a thing and they will do it. If he says to run, they run. If he says to fight, they fight. If he says to die, they die. NuQ cha'tak. NuQ! (Torin hands Kahless his bat'leth. Worf is given another. They fight, and Worf gets some good blows in, knocking Kahless down) (laughs) What is wrong? Is there only anger and bloodlust in your souls? Is that all that is left in the Klingon heart? We do not fight merely to spill blood, but to enrich the spirit. Look at us. Two warriors locked in battle, fighting for honour. How can you not sing for all to hear? We are Klingons! Yes! Let it out! Let the joy in your heart be heard. We are Klingons! We are Klingons. What is this test? (looking at Worf) Perhaps it is time to settle the doubts of those who still do not believe. I will allow this test. [Sickbay] (Crusher scans the bloodied dagger) It has been so long since I have tasted any food or drink. There are many things I have forgotten. I do not have those answers. I am merely a traveller, someone who has journeyed back and forth between this world and the next. While I am in this form, I know only about this world. And there is much work for me to do in this world, and you will be part of it, Worf. It was your purity of heart that summoned me back from Sto-Vo-Kor, and Koroth has told me about the respect you have earned in the Federation and the Empire. I want you to have a place at my side as we restore honour to our people. Let me tell you about this new Empire we will forge. [Observation lounge] Long ago, a storm was heading toward the city of Quin'lat. The people sought protection within the walls. All except one man who remained outside. I went to him and asked what he was doing. I am not afraid, he said. I will not hide my face behind stone and mortar. I will stand before the wind and make it respect me. I honoured his choice and went inside. The next day, the storm came and the man was killed. The wind does not respect a fool. Do not stand before the wind, Gowron. What? I do not remember. It was long ago, and in another lifetime. What matters is, I have returned to restore faith and hope to my people. To lead them back to the way of honour and the glory that was once theirs and can be again. Is that what you oppose, Gowron? A good try, Gowron, but not enough. (another series of thrusts and parries, and Kahless headbuts Gowron, then laughs) You have no joy, Gowron. Is your heart so filled of distrust and suspicion that you've forgotten what it is to be truly Klingon? (Gowron disarms Kahless and knocks him down. Worf stops Gowron from killing him) I am Kahless, I am the strongest, the bravest warrior. What do you mean? The first Kahless? What is a clone? So, I did not do any of the things that I remember. I was never at the city of Quin'lat. I never went to the Kri'stat volcano. It is acceptable. (Koroth kneels before his Emperor. Worf does the same) Join with me, Gowron. Let us usher in this new era together. Farewell, Worf. What's wrong? You should be proud of what you've accomplished. You doubt the real Kahless will return one day. You doubt that he is still waiting for you in Sto-Vo-Kor. Kahless left us. all of us, a powerful legacy. A way of thinking and acting that makes us Klingon. If his words hold wisdom and his philosophy is honourable, what does it really matter if he returns? What is important is that we follow his teachings. Perhaps the words are more important than the man. Q'apla, son of Mogh.
