I am for you, Alrik of Valt. That explains why you don't look at all like your holographs. I apologise, Captain. As an empath, I could sense your authority. I assumed you were Chancellor Alrik. As do I, Ambassador. Why have I been brought out of stasis prematurely? It is not complicated at all, Briam, and the Captain has no tolerance for prevarication. I'm a gift, to Alrik of Valt. You're angry. Why? You're coming to my rescue. What a kind and generous purpose. But Captain, I do not need to be rescued. In our history there's a woman known as Garuth, who was loved by the brothers Krios and Valt with such passion that an empire fell. Like her, I'm an empathic metamorph. The first female metamorph born in my world for over a hundred years. A mutant. A biological curiosity, if you will. With the ability to sense what a potential mate wants, what he needs, what gives him the greatest pleasure and then to become that for him. Until I reach the stage of bonding, when I must imprint upon myself the requirements of one man, to serve as his perfect partner in life. It is my sole purpose in life. Metamorphs have a long and complex sexual maturing process. I am in the Finiis'ral, the third and final stage. It can be an uncomfortable transition Not only for me, but for the men around me. My body is producing an unusually elevated level of what you would call pheromones. The effect can be quite provocative. Perhaps you sense it? Oh, I think you are more empathic than you admit. At least when it comes to women. You were curious, weren't you? Do you know what's remarkable about empathic metamorphs? We learn so quickly what stimulates a man, that the second time's even better than the first. (she initiates another long, long, kiss) I know my role in history, Commander. But it's going to be a long voyage. Come in. (the door opens and Picard stands there) Captain Picard, what a delightful surprise. Come in. Reasonably, under the circumstances. That's true, I'm afraid. At the request of the Ambassador, who believes I might be disruptive to your crew. You care about my well being. Thank you, Captain. Yes, I know. This ship's very important to you, isn't it? Are all captains' lives so solitary? Or just yours? What? I'm afraid my premature emergence from stasis has left me a little vulnerable to the desires I sense from men. Nevertheless, this is who I am, Captain. You might as well ask a Vulcan to forgo logic, or a Klingon to be nonviolent. I cannot change, and I don't want to until the time has come for me to bond with my permanent mate. Why does it bother you? But that's what gives a metamorph pleasure. They are fulfilled by what I give to others. I'm incomplete. What curious questions, Captain. But you know me better than you realise. I am independent, forceful, brilliant, and adventurous. Exactly as you would have me be, Captain. Thank you, Captain. Captain's log, stardate 45766.1. We have reached the designated coordinates for the conference and await the arrival of Chancellor Alrik. [Holodeck - Temple] (Briam is playing a form of xylophone, or trying to) A chaperone? But I was hoping we might spend more time together, Captain. I'm very knowledgeable about Valt. I could be helpful. I can understand why Captain Picard chose you to be my chaperone. [Ten Forward] (as predicted, all male eyes turn to Kamala, and she loves it) I've never been to Paloris Colony. He's just being playful. What are you all having, boys? Then, it's mine too. Mister Data's protecting me tonight. From you, I guess. I told the Captain not to worry, I just want to have a good time like anybody else. Perhaps the ambassador is right. Perhaps I should remain in my quarters. I understand. I will volunteer to stay in my quarters under one condition. That you will visit me. There it is again. The wall you put between us. I said a visit. I didn't ask you to make love to me. (she picks up one of his artefacts and sits in his chair) Ventanan thimble. Early Lapeongical period, isn't it? Have you seen the Ventanan woven art recovered from the fourth colony dig? They say the colours are remarkably vibrant for their age. I stay informed on a wide variety of subjects. After all, one never knows when the conversation might turn to Ventanan archeology or to the dark woman of raven brows and mournful eyes in Shakespeare's sonnets. Or to the gardens of Les Eyries near the village where you grew up. Not quite that much. Mister Data helped a little. My empathic powers can only sense a man of deep passion, and conviction. So controlled. So disciplined. I am simply curious to know what lies beneath. When a metamorph finds you interesting, do not take it lightly. Will you visit me? Is that a yes or a no? Even the walls of Jericho fell, Captain. There can be only one reason. Because some part of you wants me to. [Ferengi quarters] (Briam walks in, with coins in his hand) That won't be possible. My ability to imprint on a mate will only last a matter of hours after the completion of the Finiis'ral. If I hadn't been removed from stasis prematurely, a delay might have been possible. But now, I will have to bond with Alrik within two days. You are familiar with the issues. You can represent the interests of peace. My people will agree, I'm certain of it. I told you, I'm extremely knowledgeable about Valt. I will help you prepare. [Holodeck - Temple] (Kamala is showing Picard how to play the xylophone) Torze qua. (he plays the chords and notes) That's right. You still play? Shy? Thank you. For letting down your guard, if only for a moment. What is it about me you fear? Do you find me unattractive? I'm being terribly selfish. I apologise. We have something in common, Captain. When I was a child, I took music lessons, too. All of them. Plus a few Valtese horns that sound like braying Targhee Moonbeasts. They are said to soothe the nerves of Valtese men. My mother never even heard me play. I was taken from her when I was four and sequestered in a royal village where I was prepared to fulfill my destiny. On the contrary, I had servants and tutors at my side constantly. You once asked me what I'm like when I'm alone. I've never been. There was always somebody there to educate me in literature, history, art, sex. But I have been alone on this journey, and I've found myself thinking about all the curious questions you asked. You wanted to know who I am. And as I continue to ask myself, the only answer that comes to me is, I am for you, Alrik of Valt. Because that's the truth. In a day, I will bond with a man I've never met. and I will turn myself into what he wants me to be, for the rest of my life. I'm honoured to be chosen to serve my people as an emissary of peace. But I find it ironic on the eve of this ceremony, which I have spent my entire life preparing for, that I should meet a man like you. So tell me quickly. What is he like? Did he ask about me? What did you tell him? When am I to be presented? Would you like some tea? Let me help you with pronunciations. Please don't leave. Talk to me. I love the sound of your voice. I'll turn out the lights and just listen. I don't want to be alone. Earl Grey Tea. Hot. A starship captain must encounter all sorts of lifeforms. Am I one of the most unique you've ever met? Please say yes. What a nice thing to say. (she strokes his smooth bald pate) Maybe that's the perfect way to attract a metamorph. But you're not other men. You could never use me. That's the very reason why I'm with you tonight. Light years away. [Picard's quarters] (Beverly pours the hot beverage) Come in. (Picard is there in his dress uniform, she's in her wedding dress) Is it time? Do you have any questions about the ceremony? I will never truly love him. It no longer matters. I wish I could convey to you what it's like to be a metamorph. To feel the inner strength of someone. To realise that being with him is opening your mind and heart to endless new possibilities. To hear yourself say, I like myself when I'm with him. For a metamorph there's no greater pleasure and no greater wish than to bond with that kind of mate at the end of the Finiis'ral, as I've bonded with you. Who I am today, I will be forever. Would you ask me to stay and ask two armies to keep fighting? Having bonded with you, I've learned the meaning of duty. He'll never know. I'm still empathic. I will be able to please him. I only hope he likes Shakespeare. [Holodeck - Temple] (Picard leads Kamala down the steps and hands her to Alrik) I am for you, Alrik of Valt. (and the newly-weds kiss gently) [Transporter room]
