Will you take an oath to that effect? (in Klingon) Speak in their language. This is your Second Officer, Lieutenant Klag. I would say it your first command decision. (Riker looks around and thumps Klag in the stomach before throwing him on the floor, then kicking him down before he can get up again, and finally ramming his head into a computer panel. Lots of sparks. Kargan laughs) [Conspiracy - Quinn's quarters]
This is Captain Kargan of the Klingon vessel, the Pagh. Beam your First Officer on board immediately. Thank you for your opinion, but I will judge that for myself. Screen off. That is incorrect. You are Commander William Riker, First Officer of the Klingon cruiser, the Pagh. Or do you intend to disobey Federation orders? Exactly where are your loyalties, Commander? This ship is equipped with our best weapons and our finest warriors. Although we are on a peaceful mission, we are ready to go into battle instantly. I know I can count on every Klingon warrior in this crew to serve and die in that battle. So I ask you again, Commander Riker. Where are your loyalties? Will you take an oath to that effect? (in Klingon) Speak in their language. This is your Second Officer, Lieutenant Klag. I would say it your first command decision. (Riker looks around and thumps Klag in the stomach before throwing him on the floor, then kicking him down before he can get up again, and finally ramming his head into a computer panel. Lots of sparks. Kargan laughs) And you, Commander Riker, will obey my orders. Tell me, Commander Riker, what do you make of this? (The hole in their hull is displayed on the viewscreen) No. No collision. No, not corrosion. We already have, and fortunately the cavity opened onto a section that could withstand the change in pressure. I'm afraid not. The only vessel we've had contact with recently is the Enterprise. Tactics Officer, report to Commander Riker. What type of beam did the Enterprise use to cause this damage in our hull? Explain that. Why is no longer important. What is important is our response to this attack. Engage cloaking device. Change course to intercept the Enterprise. Intend? There is only one response. I intend to attack the Enterprise and destroy it. [Bridge] What is the status? Commander Riker, check the organism growth with Engineering. (Riker leaves) Keep him under scrutiny. Because he was ordered to. It's the expectation of any officer to be ordered to die at any time. That only proves that he is intelligent. And you might not be as strong as you used to be. So soon? You almost had me believing this was a misunderstanding. The Enterprise has changed course and is following us. Why? The reason is obvious. Their intent is clear. How long before we make contact? Put the ship on full battle alert. Arm all photon torpedoes. Let them charge into their destruction. [Bridge] Hold your position. Let them come to us. Do not forget my rank. I understand fully. Now, you understand. I am still Captain of this vessel and you are still crew and sworn to obey me. You gave me your oath. Then fulfill that oath and serve this ship as you swore to. Tell me of the surest method of attack against the Enterprise. You must. It is a matter of honour and loyalty to your oath. If your word is no good, then how can we ever trust Starfleet? They are in conflict! If you had told those secrets about the Enterprise, I would have labeled you a traitor and killed you where you stood. But instead you will die with us. You'll die like a Klingon. [Bridge] I do not believe them. Arm all weapons. Prepare to attack! Captain's log, Stardate 42507.8. Although our search has been extensive, we are still unable to locate the Klingon ship or any evidence of it's destruction. [Bridge] Then they are fools, for we will. We'll only need one. Stand by on phasers and torpedoes. Prepare to fire them simultaneously. You will give the order to fire, Commander Riker. Call out distances. Any questions, Mister Riker? Are you finished? Commence with attack as ordered. Is that a weapon, Commander? Give it to me. [Bridge] Prepare to drop cloaking shields, and fire when ready. Steady. [Bridge] Where am I? Riker has no honour. He tricked me! (He turns to shoot Picard, but Worf shoots him first) They will not believe you. [Pagh Bridge] I demand to be beamed back aboard my vessel! You should have killed me. But you tricked me to get it. Then return to your station. (Riker holds his ground, so Kargan gives him a massive back-hander that sends him flying. Klag checks his injuries) Get him off my ship!
