I am Karnas, governor of Mordan Four. A dissident group of terrorists have taken Federation Ambassador Hawkins and his staff hostage. They will not discuss terms with me. This is a crisis I cannot resolve. The terrorists are demanding a Federation negotiator. I feel there is only one negotiator with the skills to resolve the situation. The lives of the hostages will depend on Starfleet delivering this man to Mordan. Commander Mark Jameson. Admiral Jameson. The terrorists have given you six Earth days to bring him here, or the hostages will die. Mordan Four to Enterprise. This is Karnas. I will speak to the Captain. Is Admiral Jameson on board? So, Jameson. I see time has not been kind. They insist all discussions will take place here on Mordan. They refuse to speak to me, only to a Federation mediator. They say they will brook no excuses. If there are any offered, your ambassador and his people will die. Unpleasantly. I believe them. So should you, Admiral. I will do so immediately. (transmission ends) The terrorists have given you six Earth days to bring him here, or the hostages will die. What is it you want, Admiral? Yes, political opponents who feel the Federation will disavow me as Governor if they stir up enough trouble on Mordan. They're dead, Jameson. A long time now. For a long time I thought you were dead, too. Yes. Now you're coming back to Mordan to negotiate for hostages again. It's almost as though the forty five years in-between never happened. Of course I have. It was years ago. And if I have? You're coming to Mordan, Jameson, and you're going to negotiate for their lives. And I'm going to ask a very, very high price. Then the hostages will die. You've seen how my executioners work. They are still as efficient as they were, perhaps even more skilled now. You'll come, even if you don't have much honour left. [Bridge] Enterprise. There has been an armed intrusion in the tunnels beneath the city. That smells of Jameson. Where is he? That is not my concern. Sick or well, you have ten minutes to beam him down. Who are you? I want Jameson. This charade will accomplish nothing, Picard. Beam down Jameson, and the hostages will be freed. Continue this and I promise you they will die. And you with them. Peretor was my old title. Why do you call me that? I warn you, Picard. This trick is going too far. He has been coached for some devious reason. If this farce does not stopped immediately, you and the hostages will be put to death. (Jameson doubles up in pain) I am waiting for an explanation, Captain. This story you are telling is unbelievable. Jameson is a man of more than eighty years, not this. I want that old man, Picard. I want to show him this world he helped to make. The scars on old soldiers' bodies. The graveyards of our young dead. The wasted cities we are still rebuilding. And all of it caused by him. But Jameson didn't give weapons to only us. If he had, we would have quickly triumphed over our enemies, and there would have been peace in all these decades. I want him to pay for that, Picard. You're wasting my time, Picard. Yes. Yes. This is the man I want. Jameson has to pay for his crimes. I have sworn it to my people. No. I don't believe you. You're shielding Jameson on the ship and you're telling me this tale to save his life. Jameson told you this. If it is you, show me the scar. (Jameson shows his wrist) It is you. Somehow it is you. (takes a gun from the wall) Then die by your own weapon! No. No, my revenge will be in seeing you live like this. Such pain. Rest, Jameson. Your long night, and mine, are over. The hostages will be freed immediately, Captain. I'm prepared to be cooperative. [Bridge]
