There was a time when the Empire would crush a rebellion. Now it is tolerated. We have enough problems on the home planet. We don't wish to divert resources to such a trivial war. Perhaps. We'll conquer them again later, if we wish. The Governor of Krios has charged that the Federation is secretly aiding the rebels. The Council has sent me here to examine that evidence. It was my decision to invite you to accompany me, Captain. Many on the Council have great respect for you. Your modesty is very human, Captain. I will excuse it. Let us hope not. Such interference would strike at the very basis of our alliance. Captain, Worf's discommendation makes that very awkward. If I could work with one of the other security officers As you wish. [Romulan ship] (The Romulans have the little shuttle in a tractor beam. Geordi is dragged into a room and strapped into a chair) There have been two rebel attacks on neutral freighters. One a Ferengi, the other Cardassian. The actinides in the asteroids provide positive protection against our sensors. Especially with the Federation furnishing them support. Wrong of me to ask. My apologies. Good. Because I risked my own reputation and honour coming to Picard. There are some members of the High Council who would thank you, Worf. For killing Duras. No doubt that had he lived, one day he would ascended to head the Council. Many were not looking forward to that. Motives? Who cares for motives? Humans perhaps. What matters is you acted that day as a true Klingon. [Ten Forward] Commander. Governor, it does not matter what you or I think. The High Council's made its wishes clear. Gentlemen. Governor, I will report to you as soon as the analysis of that weapon is complete. Captain, Commander. It's a typical Romulan ploy. An attempt to sow dissension and mistrust. Commander, you've done well. I would thank you on behalf of the Empire. Vagh is fully prepared to fire upon the Enterprise. I have convinced him it would not be wise to take any action without first consulting the High Council. A few hours at most. But with the chips erased, what evidence remained? Do you have any idea who's responsible? Then whoever did this must have been specially trained for the task. E-band emission? We do not have much time, Picard. Vagh is not known for his patience. With your permission, I will transport down to the planet. May I suggest that you issue an invitation to Vagh, to personally witness your continuing investigation. I will do everything in my power to see that he does. Qapla', Picard. Come in, Mister La Forge. (Geordi enters) The investigation is moving faster than we expected. You are in danger of being exposed. I will transport to the surface. When I return, I'll have Governor Vagh with me. Your Captain and I will bring him to the cargo bay. I want you to kill him there, in front of many witnesses. Use a hand phaser. When he is dead, you will claim that you acted on behalf of Starfleet, in support of Kriosian independence. Captain, I think the first thing the Governor should see is the investigation underway in the cargo bay. I saw no evidence of Romulans. We just witnessed him acting very much alone. Who sent these signals? A cloaked Romulan ship? I am a Klingon. An emissary of the High Council. I will not be submit to being searched by you or anyone else on this ship. Captain, I believe it to be in all best interests if I remain on board. I formally request asylum.
