(human woman) Tell Arkaria base that we're almost finished here. Get Pomet started on it right away. Kelsey to Devor. Devor, this is Kelsey. Reply. Devor, do you read me? Kelsey to Kiros. Devor isn't responding. There must be too much interference from the baryon sweep. Go find him and see if he finished by passing the regulator on deck seven, then meet us in main Engineering. (did I mention she's a redhead?) Be sure, Neil. Adequate. Disable the containment overrides and get the interlocks off the magnetic seal. Pomet, prepare the transport assembly. Keep watching the power flow. It might (Picard is brought in.) Keep working. Where did he come from? Who are you? The barber? What the hell are you doing here? Everyone was supposed to be evacuated to the surface. Your saddle? All right, all right, shut up. Shut up! Any sign of Devor? Satler. Get down here and keep an eye on our barber. All right, go see if you can find Devor. Make sure nothing's wrong. (Kiros leaves) How long until you're ready? The baryon sweep hits this compartment in thirty minutes. It's not us I'm worried about, it's that storage unit. I want the trilithium resin in there and secured before the sweep gets here. I don't want to take any chances. Begin draining the trilithium at one hundred milligrams per minute. (Picard gets the laser out of his belt and plugs it into a power socket behind his back. An alarm goes off as a vent blows.) Neil, what's going on? Neil, get over here. Put that down. (Picard knocks over Satler) I know that. How long before the baryon sweep gets here? All right, we're leaving. But we're taking the trilithium with us. What about Mot? Kelsey to Kiros. We have a problem. There's a Starfleet officer still on board. He's killed Satler and he may have killed Devor. He also destroyed the diverter in Engineering so we have to leave here before the baryon sweep enters this section. We're taking it with us to Ten Forward. There should be enough time before Mister Mot. Or should I call you Lieutenant? Lieutenant Commander perhaps? I wouldn't need to improvise if you hadn't damaged our field diverter. But if you're so concerned about the trilithium [Worf's quarters] I suggest you stop interfering with us [Engineering] Before you set off an explosion that would destroy the Enterprise and you. [Worf's quarters] What makes you think I'm a terrorist? [Worf's quarters] You might be right, Mister Mot, but we've been planning this for a long time, and I doubt that you'll really be able to stop us. (mouths 'find him' to Pomet) Or even slow us down. (Picard sets out with Worf's crossbow) Come on! Don't be so tense, Neil. If something goes wrong, you won't have time to worry about it. Let's go. (in Sickbay, Picard dips the tip of the crossbow bolt into a liquid) [Jefferies tube] Three more decks, then we take corridor fifteen B all the way to Ten Forward. (She stops climbing. The next set of ladders is missing.) We have to find another way up. The rungs are cut. [Sickbay] (Picard is mixing up ingredients) That wasn't very clever, Mister Mot. [Jefferies tube] If you knew where we were, you should have attacked us. Now we'll just take another route. One you might not be able [Sickbay] To predict. That sweep is just as big a threat to you as it is to us. In fact, if I were you, Mister Mot [Sickbay] I'd be trying to find a way off this ship. (Picard's test concoction flares nicely) What ship? It's a small ship, Mot. I don't think there's going to be room for both of us. [Sickbay] Is he alive? Good. Meet us at intersection forty one. Give me the trilithium. Not far. With all the modifications you've made to this unit, are we going to have any troubles removing the trilithium? That's all I wanted to know. (we can assume she kills Neil) [Corridor] Well, not as clever as you thought. Where's Pomet? Well, he will be soon. The sweep's nearly here. We don't have time to go back for him. The sweep got him. Let's go. [Arkaria base] You're the only one who needs a deal, Mot. Captain Picard. This is all beginning to make sense. I'm not a terrorist Captain, nor do I have a political agenda, although I know some people who do have agendas. And they are very interested in this little container. I prefer to think of it as commerce. Open the door. Now go through, slowly. [Ten Forward] (Picard, Kiros, then Kelsey enter. A blue stripe on the floor flares, blinding the two women. Kelsey drops the container. She and Picard fight, then the sweep enters the room. They continue to wrestle until Kelsey finally gets her hands on a weapon again) I guess, I'll be the one to send your regrets. (Kelsey and the container are beamed out. Picard uses the terrorist communicator.)
