Sorry. Ginger tea? Common, hell. I picked this up from the Cardassian liaison last weekend. It's some damn virus they've sicked on me. It's the same old story for the Cardassians. They've had terrorist problems ever since they annexed the Bajoran home world forty years ago. A new militant splinter group has broken away from the Bajoran settlement camps. The leader's name is Orta. Apparently he's willing to do whatever he has to to get attention. Listen, Jean-Luc, I'm the first to say that the Bajora deserve attention. Chased off their own planet by the Cardassians, forced to wander the galaxy, settling wherever they can find room. It's tragic. The Federation is sympathetic to their cause, but they're not helping themselves with an attack like this. That's what I want you to communicate to them. Find this terrorist leader, Orta, and get him back where he belongs any way you can. The Federation has dozens of settlements in that sector. We can not allow the violence to continue. Amnesty. And a promise that we will immediately begin to address this issue with the Cardassians. Quietly, behind the scenes, using every legitimate means possible. But the Bajora must be patient. It's your job to see to it that he does, Jean-Luc. I wrote the orders. I thought she might be valuable to you. She's Bajoran. I've discussed this situation with her, and I am convinced that she is the right one for this job. You're taking her, Captain. It's been arranged. I can't tell you how difficult it was to get her out of prison. It's that important to the mission. You can handle her, Captain, if anyone can. [Transporter room] (a young woman in red uniform beams in, wearing a sullen expression and a fancy earring) Your report, Ensign. Well done, Captain. Good. What's the next step? Good. Keep us advised of your progress. A lot better, thank you. I'm sure they monitor the border at all times for terrorist activity. Their sensors must picked up Orta's ship, that's all. The important thing is, what do we do now? Your top priority is to protect the Cardassian treaty. If that's your call, I'll support it. I don't think you're looking at the big picture, Jean-Luc. We can't afford to lose the Cardassian treaty. I think you've lost your perspective, Captain. We'll discuss this further when you return. For now, I'm giving you a direct order to withdraw. Kennelly out. [Bridge] Report. All hands lost? Survivors? What are you talking about? This was your idea, Picard? They're terrorists, damn it. Why in the hell would you want to protect them? Do you know how many of our people they killed on Solarion Four? Who told you that? Orta? And you believed him? But then who's responsible? The Cardassians? Why?
