What are you doing there? This is private property Who are you people? You leave him right where he is. Go back in the house, Rishon. This could be some kind of a trick. They came in a spaceship so big you could see it in orbit. They took our world apart piece by piece. We don't know. We never saw their faces. I guess they've gone away. Is something wrong? Why? What could interest you in there? Are you saying that we were kept alive intentionally? I don't understand. You don't think Rishon and I did something that merited survival, do you? I mean, betrayed the others? Didn't fool you, huh? You're not thinking of taking us with you, are you? No one's going to make us leave. Commander, we appreciate your concern but we're not going anywhere. We'll manage. We always have. Thank you, but we have no use for such a thing. We don't need it. Rishon, they only want to spy on us like this morning. I was wondering, Captain, when you and your ship would be leaving. I guess I was wrong. Don't worry. It didn't hurt us before, it won't hurt us now. No, but I don't enjoy seeing my wife frightened. We've told you time and time again, we don't know why we were spared. There was a difference. I'm a man of special conscience. While the others were doing what they could, I chose not to fight. But I can assure you the attacking ship had no way of realising this. I expected to die like all the others. There's no reason for you and your ship to remain, Captain. We can manage without you. (Kevin leaves the room) What are you doing here? What do you want? Why do you keep interfering with our lives, Captain? Then please, leave us alone. That's not necessary. I thought you understood. He's lying, Rishon. This is a form of intimidation. I have my rights. I'm staying. She's safe here with me. in this house. No, not for her. Not for anyone. I will not kill. Rishon. Hear what he has to say. I'm deeply sorry about the woman. I will help her. But I must know what you intend to do with me afterwards. The destruction of the planet happened just as I told you. I've taken the music from her mind. She's alright now. She's sleeping. She was beginning to sense who I really was. I've been living as a human for over fifty years but I couldn't hide from her. She has suffered because of my pride and selfishness. It will not happen again. (Picard has entered during that speech) Very well. For what it's worth. I am a Douwd. An immortal being of disguises and false surroundings. I have lived in this galaxy for many thousands of years although until today, no one has known my true identity. Once, while traveling in human form, I chanced to fall in love with an Earth woman. I put aside my powers and became her husband. Our life was happy and rich. Eventually we came to this planet to live our final years. Now she is dead. She never knew what I really was. Belonging to the Husnock, a species of hideous intelligence who knew only aggression and destruction. I could have destroyed them with a mere thought, but I did not do so. I refused to for the same reason I refused to stop the Enterprise. I will not kill. I tried to fool the Husnock as I tried to fool you. It only made them angrier. More cruel. How I wish I could have died with her. Yes. I saw her broken body. I went insane. My hatred exploded, and in an instant of grief I destroyed the Husnock. No, no, no, no. You don't understand the scope of my crime. I didn't kill just one Husnock, or a hundred, or a thousand. I killed them all. All Husnock everywhere. Are eleven thousand people worth fifty billion? Is the love of a woman worth the destruction of an entire species? This is the sin I tried so hard to keep you from learning now. Why I wanted to chase you from Rana.
