Enterprise, this is Darwin Station. I'm Doctor Kingsley. We've just declared a medical emergency here. We need your help. To whom am I speaking, please? Katherine Pulaski, author of Linear Models of Viral Propagation? But still the standard. I can't think of anyone I'd rather be dealing with. Doctor, we're experiencing the rapid onset of geriatric phenomena. The first symptom is sudden, acute arthritic inflammation. Then the aging process accelerates. Doctor Pulaski, I celebrated my thirty fifth birthday a week ago. Our research here is limited to human genetics. I can assure you we're not dealing with something that got away from us. We believe that we were infected by a supply ship that was here three days ago. Which would seem to confirm our suspicion. Were you able to establish a pathology, Doctor? I heard you, Captain, and the prognosis is alarming, but my immediate concern is our children. They represent years of advanced genetic research. You must evacuate them as soon as possible. But the children have been in protective isolation since this was detected. They show no symptoms. You cannot leave them here to die! You have the coordinates. We have one twelve year old male encased in number six styrolite. Doctor? Do you have a decision? How can that be?! The children are harmless. Every test on them has been negative. I demand that you do something to save them. Please, Doctor. For God's sake, we haven't got much time. Oh, Doctor Pulaski. I can only tell you how much I regret the burden we've imposed on you. On both of you. I still can't believe you were infected by one of our children. You don't understand. They were designed to resist disease. Let me show you something. (They go up some steps to an observation window on the Isolation lab. Seven 'children' are playing games) Our ultimate achievement. The oldest is twelve, and all are telekinetic. Watch. (A chess piece glides to an upper level of the three-d board) Not engineered, created. Perfect in every way. Their body structure, their musculature, their minds. That was our masterpiece. We gave these children an aggressive immunity. The rest of us were infected by the supply ship, but they were protected. Yes, he was one of the crewmen who came in direct contact with us. Their immune system would release an active antibody that would attack the virus. Their immune systems don't wait for a disease to attack the body. It would seek out an airborne virus and destroy it. The antibody would adapt itself to alter the genetic code of the virus. We don't have time for that. Genetic analysis could take months. Trigger?
