(in Klingon) Do not believe him! He lies! Yes sir. I do not believe you. Correct.
(in Klingon) Do not believe him! He lies! Yes sir. I do not believe you. Correct. I will take your orders. Is the food all right, Commander? Good. Then you'll also enjoy this. Very good. You did some research on our nutritional choices. Gagh is always best when served live. Would you like something easier? Yes. If Klingon food is too strong for you, perhaps we could get one of the females to breast feed you. (laughter all round the tables) Look around you. There are no old warriors. Exactly. You may live long enough to learn about us. Them. Yes. (Other Klingons leave) Commander, would you say you're a typical Federation officer? Well, it's just you're not what I expected. You should ask. Questions about what? About our future? Our future is honour. Our present is serving this ship. My father? My father was captured in battle by Romulans and not allowed to die. He eventually escaped. He is on our planet. He waits. He will eventually fade of a natural illness and die, weakened and useless. Honourless. I will not see him. A Klingon is his work, not his family. That is the way of things. Klingons do not express feeling the way you do. We would not know how. A space organism eating away at our hull. Our estimate is that in less than eight hours we will have lost too much of our shell to remain intact. Captain, I'm not convinced Riker knew of any plot against us. If he did, why would he have come on board? To die? For a Klingon perhaps, but Riker's people do not volunteer for death so easily. He may be a spy, but he's no coward. The Enterprise has changed hailing messages. They now include a promise of cleaning the organisms and helping in repairs. Why? You are honouring your promise to serve us? Fifty five thousand kilometres and closing. (Riker takes the emergency transponder from his boot) Forty thousand kilometres. Yes, Captain. You understand the Klingons better than I thought, Commander.
