Captain. I bring greetings from those at Starfleet Command. I require little rest, Captain. I prefer that we commence with our mission.  The Braslota System. In orbit around the second planet is the eighty-year old Starcruiser, Hathaway. He is still your first choice? You will have forty eight hours to ready your vessel before the Enterprise attacks. Correct. Engineering will disconnect the Enterprise's weapons and link the system with the modified laser-pulse beam. All hits will be recorded electronically. If the computer registers damage, it will act accordingly, shutting down the affected areas for the appropriate repair time. Additional questions? Captain Picard, it is my understanding that you initially resisted Starfleet's request for this simulation. May I know why? Then why am I here? Your objection is noted. Let us hope your distaste for the exercise will not affect your strategic abilities.  I had envisioned you defining the crew. Very well, Captain. (Kolrami leaves) Although I am intrigued by the audacity of your request, I can't fathom why you wish the encounter. Very well. An opponent of limited dimensions can often be quite diverting. The simulation will commence in forty eight hours. [Hathaway Bridge] (It looks like it's been partially stripped for spares. Everyone is using torches at first) I believe the rules are understood by all. The only offensive systems you'll need will be simulated by computer. Challenge. We do not whine about the inequities of life. And how you perform in a mismatch is precisely what is of interest to Starfleet. After all, when one is in the superior position, one is expected to win. Lieutenant Commander Data, I am intrigued by your challenge. Doctor Pulaski informed me of your desire to play a game of Strategema. Play against a machine. Why should I wish to? But I wouldn't lose. Now you're no doubt going to tell me that I have to prove it to you. Then you will play for the honour of your ship. He should be escorted, and have no contact with anything save his research. I saw no sense in Riker choosing him anyway. Just a non-commissioned child. [Engineering] Thoroughly enjoyable, Mister Data. I am at your disposal for a rematch. Your crew is excellently trained, Captain. A tribute to your leadership. Although I doubt their extensive preparation will be needed. I do not expect Captain Riker will present much of a challenge. Captain, I Having studied William Riker's file prior to this assignment, I have found him wanting. His work record is exemplary, but, as you well know, a starship captain is not manufactured. He, or she, is born from inside. From the character of the individual. My interviews have revealed a man who displays circumstantially inappropriate joviality, belying the seriousness of his station. We shall see if your faith is well founded. Begin now. He's quite good. We must retreat! Use their moment of indecision to escape! Who should be sacrificed to save a thousand! Acceptable tactical losses, considering the circumstances. As the Starfleet observer I am ordering you to withdraw! Then there are no options. Retreat or die. Captain's log, supplemental. Due to a miscalculation on my part, Enterprise has been subjected a surprise attack by the Ferengi. I find myself with little time to decide the fate of forty of my crew stranded aboard the derelict Hathaway. I've already given you my advice, Captain. The Hathaway is expendable. Impossible! That ship was rendered warp inactive. And they will soon relocate it after a two second warp. I must admit your Commander Riker acquitted himself quite admirably. And so, Captain, have you. My report to Starfleet will be most favourable. Bah! (throws off the controls) Because this is not a rematch. You have made a mockery of me. (Kolrami exits in high dudgeon)
