It is a powerful vision you have had, Divok. Kahless wants you to join him in Sto-Vo-Kor. You are only nineteen and yet your place among the honoured dead is already secure. Take him back to his chamber. Let him sleep. [Worf's chamber] You're leaving us? What is the Story of the Promise, Worf? The people wept. They did not want him to go. So here we are, on a world circling that distant point of light. It has been fifteen centuries since he made that promise, and still we wait. What are ten days in the life of one Klingon compared to that? Is the son of Mogh really so easily discouraged? You came to us seeking answers but this is a place of questions. Open your heart to Kahless. Ask him your questions. Let him speak to you with your mind unclouded by doubt or hesitation. Only then can you find what you are looking for. If you cannot do that, then perhaps you should return to your starship. [Lava cave] (Divok is pouring something on the fire as Worf meditates) What are you doing? Who are you? You know. The story of the sword is known only to the High Clerics. It was never written down, so that if he returned, we could be sure it was Kahless. Vorcha doh baghk, Kahless! Gowron knows that his days are nearly over. Now he comes crawling aboard with some kind of test. Gowron does not care about what is sacred. Kahless, may I present Gowron, Leader of the High Council. No! Everything will be all right. We will say that Gowron used a dishonourable tactic in his fight with Kahless. We do not need to hear any more from the son of Mogh. None of this would have happened if you hadn't brought them together. You have said enough. Now get out! The problems with your memory are the result of the way you returned. We, the Guardians, have been awaiting your return for centuries, but we did not have the technology to bring you back. Until now. We were able to use an organic sample of the first Kahless to give you life. You are not just a copy. We gave you more than the body of Kahless. You were not awakened until we transported you into the cave and you appeared to Worf. Before that time you were unconscious in a laboratory where we accelerated your growth, corrected any genetic anomalies that occurred, gave you the wisdom and memories that You are twisting the truth. It is not a lie. Genetically, he is Kahless, and he is needed by our people. You know better than anyone the corruption and dishonour that has destroyed the Empire. They need him. How do you know that this is not the way the prophesy was to be fulfilled? Who is to say that what we did was wrong? Worf! You cannot tell Gowron of this. All right, but consider this. If you tell Gowron what we have told you, it will destroy him. (Kahless) And with him, the last chance to restore hope to our people. It's your choice. [Holodeck Temple] (some Klingons are kneeling in front of Kahless' throne and chanting) Then what are you proposing, Worf? The title is meaningless without the power to back it up. What I say is unimportant.
