I am Korris. No. No. I will carry him. My name is Korris, Captain of the Klingon Defence Force. This is Lieutenant Konmel. We were passengers. The Talarians were taking us to outpost M Zed Five. We were attacked without warning by a Ferengi cruiser. During the course of the battle we must have unknowingly entered the Neutral Zone. What is your name? And you are a member of this crew? You are correct. The weapons were Klingon, but the vessel was Ferengi. I don't know. We were in our quarters. We took control with his permission. The Ferengi called for surrender. I told the Captain to agree to all their terms. We had only one chance, but I was confident it would be enough. Yes. All we had was an ancient battery of Merculite rockets. Our only chance was to trick them into lowering their shields. They suspected nothing. Captain, we are hungry and tired. If there is anything else you wish to know about this incident, we will be available. Sit, friend. Let us eat. I did not know there were Klingons serving on human Starfleet vessels. Tell me, what it is like for the hunter to lie down with the prey? Have they tamed you, or have you always been docile? Do glorious battles no longer inspire your dreams? Only to see if it is still possible. Yes, Captain. It is only an empty shell now. Please treat it as such. [Corridor] I do not wish to anger you. We are after all, brothers lost among infidels. Tell me, how is it that you come to this ship, that uniform? Gault is a farming colony. [Room] So, when the night was still and quiet, and the sound of the blood rushing through your veins filled your ears, the only way to silence it was to slip out into the night and, like the hunter that spawned you, join in the struggle of life and death. You were unable They shunned you. Cursed you. Called you vile names, and you knew not why. Even now do you know why you are driven? Why you cannot relent or repent or confess or abstain? How could you know? There have been no other Klingons to lead you to that knowledge. Yes. To fit in, the humans demand that you change the one thing that you cannot change. Yet, because you cannot, you do. That too is the mark of the warrior. You said that I mock you. I do not. I salute you. Then you understand. Brother, this peace, this alliance, is like a living death to warriors like us. It was one of our own cruisers sent to bring us back. I did not want to battle our brothers. I had no choice. They had been corrupted by the illusion of peace. A peace that makes the Klingon heart that beats in my chest wither and die. Is it permitted for you to show us around this ship? Standing here we will never know. Our answer lies out there. Our instincts will lead us. We have heard this ship can separate in time of battle. They have come for us. Do not let them take us, Worf. Help us. Yes. Join us. (There's a tense moment, then a nearby turbolift opens and a little girl runs out) Ri'ario. [Bridge] (Worf enters) I will speak only to my countryman! [Bridge] Only to Worf! [Engineering] Brother, I knew you would come. (Worf climbs the ladder) Now I, we have a chance. I could not do it alone, but I would rather die here, than let the traitors of Kling pick the meat from my bones. With you it will work. I will demand Captain Picard give us access to the battle bridge. We will separate from the rest of the ship, then together we will light up the galaxy. Imagine the fear which will roll before us. He can not, dare not refuse us. In order to save themselves, they will give us what we demand. Then, brother, we are free. Wait. I do not believe this. I have tasted your heart. You have been with them, but you are still of us. Do not deny the challenge of your destiny. Get off your knees and soar. Open your eyes and let the dream take flight. No. Yes, the birthright of every Klingon. What are you saying? Living among these humans has sucked the Klingon heart out of you. You are a sham! My words were dust upon the ground. Your blood has no fire. You are weak like them. I don't care what you look like you are no Klingon.
I am Korris. No. No. I will carry him.
