Where is the Captain, please? A ship's engines should be a concern of the ship's Captain. To which you have no end of questions? All approved and described in the Starfleet communications. Now, I would like to set up in the Engine Room immediately. No need. I know my way around starships. (He barges between Riker and Argyle and out into the corridor, followed by his assistant, then Argyle) Inform the Bridge I shall begin the first test in precisely fifteen minutes. Why is that child here? (Wesley is at an ancillary station) In order to save myself time, let me ask those questions for you. You received the information which Starfleet provided, you fed it into your computer as precisely as humanly possible, then you did a controlled test. And then, to your astonishment, nothing happened. So you said, what's going on? This doesn't work. Kosinski's a fraud. You see, I have had this conversation on other Starfleet vessels before. They didn't understand it. why should you? (Meanwhile, the Traveller is interested in what Wesley is doing, looking over his shoulder) I'm saying I'm not a teacher, nor do I wish to become one. I have neither the inclination nor the time. I don't think you understand. This has already been approved by Starfleet Command. I didn't know that was necessary. Perhaps I should speak to Captain Picard. How basic shall I be? Would you get onto the auxiliary panel, please? (Wesley gives up his console to the Traveller) In order to save time, my assistant is going to lay in my base formulas more rapidly than any human being possibly could, including even myself. So, here then, in the simplest possible terms, what I do. Now, this warp drive system was tuned only in the grossest possible sense, at least according to my standards. What I do is specific. Thank you. Well, sufficient to say for now, these symbols (continues under Wesley and Traveller's whispered conversation) View with me if you will this screen as we consider the following. Now, is this merely mechanics or is it nature that we deal with in all of this? And what else than nature are the elementals of space and time? You are trained in the system. You go in a straight line, competent, yes, and perhaps even innovative in a minimalist way, but what I do here is not the end of the process, it is the beginning. So, what do I do? Go back to the Fearless, which I left with a more efficient warp drive than I found? Or do you cast off your ignorance and allow me to continue? What do you mean, let he him try it? Don't talk about me in the third person like I'm not standing right here! Oh yes, we might as well let him try it. You are too generous. Boy! Boy, don't play with that. [Bridge] (Picard enters) Do this one just like the last time. Nothing changes. Commander, I'll make my preliminary adjustments at warp one point five, and complete them as we achieve warp four. All right, here we go. (Wesley watches the Traveller make adjustments on his console, while Kosinski taps at him. The Traveller turns to smile at Wesley) What are you doing? (Consternation. The warp core appears to be racing. The Traveller puts his hands on the console and partially vanishes. The Enterprise takes off at ridiculous speed) [Bridge] Captain Picard, I presume? The truth is, Captain, I made a mistake. A wonderful, incredible mistake. As the power grew, I applied the energy asymptomatically. I anticipated some tilling, but it didn't occur. Now that was my error, using the Bessel functions at the beginning. I've always suspected this rate of speed was possible, of course, but at this level? No, never. We're going to need new definitions. New parameters. Why not? Yes, of course. Since I'm the one who has made the so-called warp barrier meaningless. And, Captain, this must be a special thrill for you. As an explorer. In three centuries of space flight, we've charted just eleven percent of our galaxy. And then we accomplish this. Of course I can. I'll just do what I did before. Coming, Riker? Do you realise how many great advancements of mankind have been tied to speed? This is a moment in history. Right here, right now. And your names will be forever linked with mine. (to the Traveller) Come on. Yes, why not? As you wish. [Bridge] Tell the captain I am ready, First Officer. This isn't working. (Seen only by Wesley, the Traveller vanishes and reappears again. Then Riker notices as Enterprise head off at totally ridiculous speed down a StarGate wormhole effect) [Bridge] It was me! I honestly thought it was me. I thought somehow, somehow I was operating on his level. That's not an explanation. That's just so much nonsense. You're asking us to believe in magic. Theory! Wait, Captain, not so fast. We have an opportunity here for scientific discovery. You need me?
