Commander Riker, I am here to take you into custody. Suspicion of murder. Then release the prisoner for transportation to the planet. Two witnesses have come forward to describe Commander Riker's threats against Doctor Apgar. Apparently, it was much more than just a private conversation, but he will have a chance to prove his innocence. In ours, he is guilty until he is proved innocent, and you are under our jurisdiction. If I understand the Federation regulations on these matters, and I just happened to look them up before I Are you saying it is not? Would you say you're close to your First Officer, Captain? Really, Captain, you cannot believe that. How can I expect a fair and impartial decision? I can appreciate that, but you will do it on the planet, not here. After all, what if you were suddenly to decide to leave this star system? Unacceptable. Captain, you will turn him over to me for interrogation now. We must recreate, step by step, moment by moment, all the events leading to the explosion. We will require access to all the witnesses, as well as the data from the lab's ground computers. It would be impossible to accomplish here. Very well. Arrangements will be made to provide you with all available information. I shall return shortly with our witnesses. Wait a moment. Stop. Then it's your testimony that it was Mrs. Apgar's idea for you to spend the night aboard the space station. And you have nothing further to add, Commander? Nothing about firing a phaser? That's odd. Very odd. Captain Picard, is it not true that your sensors detected an energy drain just as Commander Riker began transport? Have you been able to explain it? We have. Our readings are quite clear about it. Information retrieved from the lab's ground computers indicate that a focused energy pulse was fired just as Commander Riker began transport. Furthermore, by analysing the angle and trajectory, we have determined that it came from the very spot Commander Riker was standing. So then, will you allow me to show you my recreation of the end of this story? A speculation, if you will. Computer, run hypothetical Krag one. (Riker is repositioned then walks forward to his beam out point again) Freeze programme. Three seconds later, the station exploded. [Bridge] In a sense we have already met Mrs. Apgar, so we shall dispense with introductions. Computer, load Manua simulation one. [Holodeck - Space Station Living quarters] Run programme. Resume programme. Freeze programme. And he told you what happened? Based on Tayna's deposition, we have recreated the incident in Commander Riker's quarters as Doctor Apgar described it to her. Computer. But Doctor Apgar is dead. Her statement is admissible according Tanugan law and I insist you consider it. Computer, run Tayna simulation three. [Holodeck - Space Station Guest quarters] (Riker and Manua are wrapped around each other in passionate embrace. The doors open) Freeze programme. And then Doctor Apgar came to find you? Run Tayna simulation four. [Holodeck - Space Station Lab] Freeze programme. Then what happened? Thank you. You are excused. (Tayna leaves) Captain, I have established motive, method and opportunity. In any court in the Federation, that is sufficient to warrant the extradition of the accused. I await your decision forthwith. [Ready room] I do not understand. On what basis? Why would Apgar lie about his success? You forget, Picard, we know the energy pulse which blew up the reactor originated from Commander Riker's position, not Doctor Apgar's. An interesting hypothesis. But impossible to prove. Based on this new evidence, I withdraw my request for Commander Riker's extradition. Commander, my apologies. [Bridge]
