And then what? Chancellor, I'll admit Mirasta's enthusiasm for her work is seductive, but perhaps we're moving too fast. Your opponents will see this as another example of your determination to pull us further from our traditional ways. The people were willing to accept your social reforms because they believe in you, Chancellor. But there are many who say we have gone far enough. All these new ideas, new technology, and now space travel? It confuses them, frightens them. You cannot possibly be suggesting surrender, Chancellor. Mirasta, you are incredibly naive. Can you be so enraptured with the notion of space travellers that you are blind to the threat they represent? Why should they use force when we are ready to lay down in fear. Chancellor, I mean no disrespect, but I have repeatedly warned you about your policies, taking us so quickly where we had no business going in the first place. New philosophies, new economics, new technologies. There are many people who still value our traditional way of life and I for one am willing to die to defend it. You would ignore them as they infiltrate and spy on us. We have captured one of their spies. Years! Imagine what they have done. Influenced our young, stirred up dissent. He's in the Sikla Medical facility. He's recovering from surgery. He suffered head injuries in an escape attempt. He will recover consciousness in a few hours. [Riker's hospital room] Will he survive? I have to interrogate him before he dies. It cannot wait until tomorrow. (Mirasta enters) We're not giving him back. He's the one advantage we have now. Use your drugs to revive him. Revive him. Then I'll find someone to replace you. [Durken's office] (Picard beams straight in) Revive him. (Nilrem prepares the injection, and Mirasta leaves too. Nilrem checks the various monitors) Leave us. (Nilrem leaves) I am Minister Krola of Internal Security. You are Riker, an alien. Yes, we know. In time. In time. But first I need to ask you some questions. [Durken's office] You have lied since the moment of your capture and I believe you are lying now, Commander. Such noble creatures. Why do peaceful people develop such lethal weapons? Or do you still insist it's just a toy? (Krola fires the phaser at an instrument stand) An interesting toy, to be sure. Perhaps, like many conquerors, you believe your goals to be benevolent. I cannot. For however you would describe your intentions, you still represent the end to my way of life. I cannot permit that to occur. Eventually, Durken would choose to welcome your people with arms open and eyes closed. I must force him down another path. (he puts the phaser in Riker's hand) When they find us, I will be dead, killed by your weapon. The lines will be drawn. A peaceful accord will no longer be an option. For my people. (and the weapon goes off) (Tava and Nilrem enter) Where is this? No. Chancellor, you must not. You must not pursue relations with them. You must not.
