It has been too long, my brother. Gowron will not live to see the day he leads the Council. He stands alone, surrounded by his enemies. Lursa and B'Etor will have him killed. And if they don't, I will. Gowron is weak. The family of Duras must never be allowed to lead the Council. Our leaders have failed us. They no longer deserve our loyalty. It is time to sweep away the old Council and put a new one in its place. I already have the support of four squadron commanders in key strategic sectors. When the time comes, they will follow me. Join us, Worf, and we will usher in a new era and regain our family name. (Worf thinks about it) What? Gowron spits in your face when you ask him to give back what is rightfully ours and you would support him? I will not support Gowron. It will be difficult to convince my allies to back Gowron. But I will try. I must go to the Mempa sector to meet with the other squadron commanders. I have met with the other squadron commanders here. Three will join us, one will not. That gives us enough strength to control seven key sectors. They have at least seven squadrons, but most of the fleet has not decided which banner to follow. I will return soon to the home world. We shall meet then. [Bridge] This is Captain Kurn of the Hegh'ta. We come to defend the Empire and to follow the banner of Gowron.
Maintain course. Status of warp engines? Warp engines at fifty Transfer auxiliary power to shields! Keep your place! New course. Three zero seven mark two seven five. GhoS! Stand by to enter warp on my command. Set course two five zero mark zero one five. Maintain course. Stand by. DaH! (their entry into warp pulls a solar out which destroys one of their pursuers) Captain's log, stardate 45020.4. We have arrived at Starbase two thirty four, where I have taken the opportunity to make a proposal to Fleet Admiral Shanthi. [Observation lounge] You always did have fools working for you, Larg. Now you don't have as many! Ah, Worf, good. This piece of baktag is Captain Larg. He commanded the squadron that tried to destroy us yesterday. The Capital City is neutral ground and Larg's men are all around us. As are mine. Die well, Larg. (Larg leaves) How many are Gowron's men? How many are Duras? Does it matter? When we meet in battle, we will fight to the death, but here, here we're all warriors, all Klingons. Is there nothing in your heart but duty? We all have responsibilities and duties, But you and I are warriors fighting in a great war. Think of it. You and I will fight battles that others can only dream of. The time for glory is here. It is not a time to worry about stabilisers. It is a time to celebrate, for tomorrow we all may die! Come, let us, the sons of Mogh, live this night as if it were our last. (Worf tosses the PADD over his shoulder and joins in) Our forces in the Mempa sector are now in full retreat. They will need to regroup near Beta Lankal. They must be getting help. Gowron must answer a challenge to his authority. A Klingon does not postpone a matter of honour. So now Gowron no longer suits you. Perhaps you mean to challenge him for the leadership of the Council? Then do not speak of this again! I did not wish to follow Gowron. You came to me and insisted we support Gowron against the Duras family. The time for debate is over. We are Klingons. He is our leader. If that is not enough for you, then perhaps you made the wrong choice when you put on that uniform. (Kurn leaves, and two Klingons attack Worf, knocking him out and dragging him away) [Observation lounge] Toral, the next Leader of the Empire. Gowron is looking forward to seeing you again. Captain's personal log, stardate 45025.4. It is with a profound sense of relief that I have ordered the fleet back to Federation territory following the Romulan withdrawal and the news of Gowron's victory. We have arrived at the Klingon home world, where I will present the High Council with a full report on our encounter with the Romulans. [Ready room] Toral, son of Duras, you stand convicted of treason. What's wrong? Kill him! But it's our way. It is the Klingon way.
You are relieved. May I take my station, Captain? I am ready for duty, sir. I ask that I be allowed to take my station. I am Kurn, commander rank, Klingon Defence Force. You will address me as Commander or sir at all times. I am fully aware of all Starfleet regulations and they will be strictly adhered to by all personnel while I am in command. It is my intention to bring a sense of discipline that you may not be accustomed to. With your permission, of course, Captain. I have studied all of your service records. Impressive. We shall see if you live up to your reputations. Do you wish to speak, Acting Ensign Wesley Crusher? The crew awaits your orders, Captain. Set course one one four mark two three zero, one third impulse power. Execute. Can you identify the coordinates, Mister Worf? Excellent. Please scan the asteroid field for me, Lieutenant, and report. So, no course correction is necessary. Is that what you are saying? Very good, Lieutenant. You handled that well. (Worf starts to square up to him) Yes? [Turbolift] Yes. A suggestion? No, Commander. It wouldn't. [Corridor] No, Commander, it is not. If it were a Klingon ship, I would have killed you for offering your suggestion. [Captain's Mess] (Picard is carving a roast turkey for the buffet) How long has the bird been dead? It appears to have been lying in the sun for quite some time. Ah, yes. I was told to prepare for that. I shall try some of your burned replicated bird meat. (He rips off a leg and plonks it on his plate) The odour is not palatable. What is it? I am honoured, Captain. (They all sit round the table) I find the constraints a bit difficult to conform to. Just a short while ago, I had to stop myself from killing Commander Riker. I believe he was trying to communicate the crew's sense of discomfort with my style of command. Under different circumstances, I would consider that a challenge to my authority. None taken. I never kill anyone at the supper table, Mister La Forge. Our food has much more taste to it. While I'm sure this is well prepared, it is far too bland for the stomach of a Klingon. Yes. [Kurn's quarters] Enter. (Worf is at the door) 'el. For what purpose? Are your quarters so comfortable? This entire ship seems built on comfort, relaxation, being at ease. It is not the ship of a warrior, not the ship of a Klingon. You cannot ask these questions within the boundaries of protocol? Permission granted. Pose your questions. I am not human. If you had given offence, you would not need to ask. I find you to be a capable Starfleet officer. A credit to your ship. Have I? I did not know that being polite to a Starfleet officer would bring dishonour on him. Really? Perhaps your blood has thinned in this environment. I simply don't want to hurt you. (Worf throws a chair across the room in rage) mev yap! So your blood is not so thin after all. That is the response of a Klingon. The response I would expect from my older brother. (collective gasps and a quick advert break) I was barely a year old when you left for the Khitomer Outpost. You, our mother and father were not going to stay long. It was decided that I did not need to go. I was left to stay with our father's friend, Lorgh, until you returned. You never did. They assumed that I was killed with the family at Khitomer. Lorgh had no sons. He took me into his family. It was not until I had reached the Age of Ascension that I was told the truth. It was an excellent opportunity to see what kind of Klingon you were, or if you were Klingon at all. It should. But it was required. No. Much more. You are the eldest son. The challenge is yours to make. The Klingon High Council has judged our father a traitor to the Empire. [Ready room] Sir. We arrive within the hour. The Council will receive you at high sun in the Great Hall of You'll need a cha'DIch to defend you. While you are accused, you will not be allowed combat. I would be honoured if you chose me. jIlajneS. ghIj qet jaghmeyjaj. The two sons of Mogh. Together, we will restore the family honour. I must. Because it would mean my death as well if you fail? A Klingon's honour means more to him than his life. Perhaps your human values have clouded your judgment. I insist. Yes, brother. [Great Hall] (Everything is done by shouting here) I am Kurn, son of Lorgh. I will stand by Worf's side. I am cha'DIch. (He is handed a ceremonial something) I should have known. Worf was right. It is a good day to die. What? We will see. He is my brother. I will not betray him! Why is he doing this? I was prepared to die. But to do this
