Come in. Lieutenant Worf. Very nice to see you again. And you must be Alexander. I hear you'll be coming to school with us for a while? Well, we're very excited to have you with us. I know the other boys and girls will be happy to have a new classmate. First I need to get a little information from you. Let's start with your name. Alexander Rozhenko. That's a tough one. Maybe you can help me with that. Could you spell your last name for me? (but Alexander is too busy looking around the room) It doesn't matter. I think I can figure it out. Date of birth? (Worf doesn't know) I'll get the rest of his personal records from the school on Earth, and, oh, one last question. How long will he be staying aboard ship? Kyle to Lieutenant Worf. I'm sorry to bother you again, Lieutenant, but I forgot to mention that we need to arrange for a series of placement examinations for Alexander. If you could tell me when As the value of their horns increased, the number of white rhinos in the wild kept falling, until they finally became extinct about two centuries ago. Now, I'd like to show you a pair of animals we're trying to save from extinction. Would you follow me? They're from Corvan Two, where their homes in the rainforests are being threatened by industrial pollutants. They're called Corvan gilvos. They're a little shy. (something moves in the cage) The eating habits of gilvos are very similar to those of Earth's Draco lizards, which died out over three hundred years ago. There are only fourteen gilvos left on Corvan Two. We're transplanting these two to the protected planet Brentalia, where they should thrive. Well, why don't you all have a look around on your own for a while. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask. (the others disperse, but Alexander is completely taken by the gilvos) Alexander, I'm sorry. I forgot to tell everyone that the models on the tables were for everyone to play with. So I guess you didn't know you weren't supposed to take them. I saw you playing with the lizard model a little while ago. Do you still have it? Lieutenant Worf, I can only tell you that Lieutenant, I saw Alexander put the model inside of his jacket. (Worf checks Alexander's pockets, and find it) Lieutenant Worf, personal log, stardate 45376.8. Alexander has acted shamefully, and as his father I must now deal with him. But I find that I would gladly fight ten armed Baldur warriors rather than face one small child. [Worf's quarters] It's quite all right. Please sit down. Lieutenant, your son is a very bright, very spirited young man. From his test scores, I'm sure he'll turn out to be one of my best students. However, from his behaviour in class so far, I do have some concerns. Frankly, he's defiant, he's overly aggressive toward the other students, and he has a great deal of difficulty paying attention. And he seems to still have difficulty telling the truth. He takes toys from other the other students and then denies taking them. He acts like a bully and then says someone else started the fight. And he's bluntly told me you said Klingons do not listen to teachers. No, of course not. He's acting on his internal feelings and then making up stories to explain them. It might be a good idea for the two of you to sit down with Counsellor Troi and Lieutenant, I think we should
I asked Captain Picard to keep it quiet. I didn't want you to make you nervous or excited. You've done well. First Officer on the Enterprise. Quite a feather in your cap. Of course. I'm proud of you, son. You mean you didn't bake me a cake? That makes two of us. How about a drink? You look wonderful. [Engineering] Thank you. And after working out the Fuurinkazan battle strategies at the Tokyo Base, I was asked to come here to work for Starfleet as a tactical advisor. Sit down, son. Good to see you too, Graham. Do pick up work for the Federation long enough and it'll happen to you, too. I thought about you a lot. We could've been great together. Is it true you got married? That make you three for three, doesn't it? Like us? Ouch. Then there's Will. (Worf is standing staring out of the window) Finally. We're alone. Maybe now we can talk. All you need to know is here. (Riker picks up the computer chip) I've been hearing some good things about you. I know. Keeping in touch is not my strong suit. It's a funny thing about being a parent. There aren't any tech manuals. No quick readouts to get you to the next set of variables. You just got to wing it from day to day. Will, when your mother died Will. I came to the Enterprise because. Look, considering where you might be going, I wanted to. I'm here with my hand out, son. [Sickbay] Sounds nasty. What's the therapy? PCS? You haven't lost your touch, haven't you? Yes, but how? Kyle Riker. Let me guess. Betazoid? Why do I get the feeling that this is a set-up? Well, I've never been set up better, that's for sure Oh, I don't know. We both have pretty good taste in women, wouldn't you say? Fine. What is it you want from me? I came here to bury the hatchet with my son only to find out the ground was frozen solid. I didn't say I was giving up. It would just be nice to get a little something from him. I don't know. Acknowledgement, maybe or Respect? I don't need that from him. Absolutely. Look at him. First Officer of the Enterprise, just been offered his first command. Please. He'd be lucky to have the career I've had. I may have something of a reputation for excellence My guess is that Will finds you pretty fascinating. Candour seems to be a trait he admires. Competitive? Maybe in the past. But I've come here to help Will prepare for his first task as captain. He'll accept it just because it is dangerous. Because I would. And we aren't so different, Will and I. [Riker's quarters] Oh, Captain Picard, at last. I'd like to thank you for all the help you've been to my son. But he's ready for this command. Captain, may I have a word with my son? Oh, come on, Will. Don't you think you're ready for the Ares? Of course. Because you're the best candidate for the job. I only want you to know I'm here if you need me. Please, spare me the pain of your childhood. I hung in for thirteen years. If that wasn't enough, it's just too bad. [Engineering] I'm leaving at twenty one hundred hours. Can I have a minute? [Riker's quarters] It's time for us to have a talk, so lower your shields. You'll what? You know, it's a shame there's no anbo-jyutsu ring nearby. We can clear the air once and for all. Scuttlebutt says you wanted to see me. You do, as well as anyone. You've heard. I think you're overreacting. Don't think of it as a fight, Kate. Think of it as more of a contest. I know where to find a good doctor. Kate Will and I have been playing anbo-jyutsu ever since he was eight old, and he knows how to handle himself. And so do I. And I'm no spring chicken, I know. Don't worry. He's never been able to beat me. [Holodeck] (A forbidding setting, lit with red light. There is a channel between two raised platforms) Anbo-jyutsu. The ultimate evolution if the martial arts. (They are wearing plastic suits of armour and carrying staffs with a large knob at one end. They are standing on a raised circular ring, decorated with oriental characters) You could never get used to the sightless factor, or to losing. Well, let's see if you've learned anything. (They lower their opaque visors) Well, you've been practising. Good. Get it all out. Yoroshiku-onegaishimasu. (This time, Kyle gets in the first hit, and Riker has to defend himself by holding his staff over his head) Listen, Will. You were too young to understand and I was too hurt to explain. She was your mother, but she was my wife. And when she died all that kept me going was you. I came here thinking we could talk this out, but maybe you're right. Maybe I am no father, and you're no son. And this this fight is all we have left. (Another round, and Kyle knocked Riker on his back) What is it now? What? You're kidding? It worked, didn't it? Kept you coming back for more. You were just a kid. By the time you were twelve years old, I knew I couldn't take you but I had to keep you interested, I had to keep you challenged, didn't I? Damn it, Will. You were barely out of diapers when she died. You hardly knew her! I'd loved her. Of course you carried the pain. So did I. I should have explained this to you a long time ago, but it hurt too much. Then the wall grew up between us. And living there, you and me, the wall got bigger. You know, it's funny. I can talk to a whole roomful of admirals about anything in the galaxy, but I can't talk to you about how I feel. How do you think? I love you, son. I've got to get back to the Starbase. Be careful now, okay? [Bridge]
