No, it's too late for that now. He would bring others. We are not leaving here and neither are you. And now, the conclusion. [Meeting hall] Take his pack. We are dead, Worf. We died at Khitomer. We were interrogated for three months. We tried to starve ourselves but they kept us alive. The Romulans hoped to trade our lives for territorial concessions, but the Klingon High Council refused to negotiate. They would not acknowledge that their warriors had been taken prisoner. But we knew that our families believed we had fallen in battle, so we did not wish to return to dishonour them. We lost our honour when we were captured. It does not matter what happens to us. Why did you come here? If you had found your father you would have found only dishonour. I can only hope that if my son came here, he would be Klingon enough to kill me. [Compound] (morning, and a young man is hoeing a vegetable plot with a long, wicked-looking implement. Worf snatches it from him) In time, you will grow accustomed to life here. Toq. You guard him. He is free to move around inside the compound. But make certain he does not cause trouble. [Compound] (Worf does his martial art routine) It is late. It is time to sleep. (the youngsters and L'Kor leave) We can't let you out. You've already tried to escape once. Tokath. He gave his word. Twenty three years ago I gave you my word. In all this time, have I ever broken it? You will go with him. Take a weapon. If he breaks his word and tries to escape, kill him. [Jungle] (Toq is watching Worf more than where he is going) I should not have sent the boy with him. If he has been hurt Toq. Move away.
(sings) van'aj javDIch Qong DIr Sa'VIch ghIH yot quelI'Pa qevas HoH Qa. teblaw'nghu mughato'Du ylja'Qo' ylja'Qo' ylja'Qo' (Worf follows an old man inside and grabs him) Who? Who are you? Why have you come here? Your father fell at Khitomer. He was fortunate. Yes. Seventy three. Worf, there are things you do not understand. I must speak with the Elders. (he goes to the doorway and calls the others in) ghoS! I knew your father well, Worf. And I remember you. A boy, barely able to lift a bat'leth. Once your father insisted we take you on the ritual hunt. You were so eager, you tried to take the beast with your bare hands. It mauled your arm. You should not have come here, Worf. You should not have come. He does not know. No, it is too late for that. He would bring others. vang ghaH! (The men grab him. Worf easily breaks free but Romulan soldiers stop him at the doorway) We are not leaving here and neither are you. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
