Sir, Lieutenant La Forge in the crew quarters. Something in here. (He finds a door which is trying to close. He opens it and a corpse falls out into his arms. [Tsiolkovsky] I suppose because you have it too hot in here. What else would it be? Well, maybe it's not. Maybe she threw her voice. Hey, it was a joke. So that's your science project, huh? Wes, you're really something. It's the Captain's voice. I think the Captain's lucky you're on his side. I wish I understood myself that well. No, Suddenly I seem to be burning up inside. It's hot in here. [Observation lounge] (Geordi is staring out at the stars) Help me. Help me to not to give in to the wild things coming into my mind, Tasha, please. Help me to see. Like you do. I see more. But more isn't better. (He takes off his Visor) I want to see in shallow, dim, beautiful human ways. (He strokes her face) Yeah. It's not fair, Doc. I've never seen a rainbow, sunset, sunrise. This is going to help me? Help me see like you? (Riker enters carrying Deanna) Wow! What was in that, Doctor? My head's beginning to clear, Captain , something seemed to move us aside at the last minute. Congratulations, sir. Warp three, heading two hundred and ninety four mark thirty seven, sir.
Standard orbit, sir. Our own transporter people have tried to trace it, sir, but to no effect. Sir? They're estimating deaths in the millions, sir. Come in. Shaving is a human art form, Data. Technological perfection can shave too close. Thousands of things are too efficient, Data, at least for humans. Exactly. Have you continued to work on it? Oh, no. (Geordi tries to escape) It's too old. And you didn't tell it very well. It's not explainable. You just do. Includling the kiddillies! Now, see, that's funny. Oh, boy. And how badly the vaccine is needed. Yes, sir. Aye, sir. Negative, Data. That's a Captain's order. The weapons in that room, Captain, are surprisingly flexible, durable, and deadly. Some of them still have traces of blood and poison. Alkaloid base. Lethal. Tasha, don't touch the spines. They're poisoned. If you're not careful, you could kill yourself. Course laid in for Styris Four, sir.
Message coming in from Haven, Captain. Increasing magnification, sir. A damaged vessel, sir. That could explain it. It's pretty well covered in Academy training now, Captain. Many of them tried to avoid other civilised worlds as they escaped only to be hunted down and destroyed anyway. Yes, sir. We have a message, sir, coming in from Haven. I know they can receive us, Captain. At this distance they can respond with running lights if necessary. Enterprise to Tarellian vessel, are you receiving us? (A balding man moves the young woman aside) Captain! Someone's transporting over to the Tarellian ship. I can't sir. It's too late. [Tarellian ship] (Wyatt beams into a corridor lines with drawings of himself at different ages) Warp two, heading five seven mark three one nine.
Warp one point five, sir. Captain, we're passing warp ten! (The viewscreen looks like the opening credits to Doctor Who. There's a jolt which throws the Traveller off his stool. Kosinski is clueless) Reading all stop, sir. Calculating it, sir. Data, what do you read there? Well, sir, according to these calculations, we've not only left our own galaxy, but passed through two others, ending up on the far side of Triangulum. The galaxy known as M Thirty Three. And I calculate that at maximum warp, sir it would take over three hundred years to get home. Captain's log, stardate 41263.2. This will be a rather unusual log entry, assuming Starfleet ever receives it. As I have already informed my crew, a phenomenal surge of power during a warp speed experiment has sent our starship hurtling out of our own galaxy, past another, taking us over two million seven hundred thousand light years in a few minutes. [Bridge] Message on this has been transmitted to Starfleet, sir. Captain, what are our options really? I mean, if this guy can't get us back, who will? I've laid in the reciprocal course back, Captain. [Engineering] Warp one point five, sir. [Engineering] Answering all stop, Captain. All stopped, sir. Tasha, what's wrong? You look scared to death. Are you all right? Well, you're safe now. (Elsewhere on board - a group in period costume is playing Mozart Eine Kliene Nachtmusik, except for one Starfleet violinist) [Corridor] (Picard encounters a man and woman running from something) Warp one point five, retroactive two six one mark three one, sir. And our position reads exactly what it was before this sleigh ride began, sir. Or whatever you want to call it, Data. I don't have a proper name for it. (Riker enters) On that same heading, sir. (The turbolift doors open)
They are now angling through that solar system, Captain. Aye, sir. They are dropping to subwarp speed. Breaks my heart. Hello, stranger. Showing another power surge, sir. Our impulse engines are surging now. I'm not, sir. Something's wrong. Captain, something is completely immobilising us. Sir. Aye, sir. (La Forge leaves) It's not good, sir. The Ferengi forcefield that holds this ship compensates almost as fast as we can increase power. Well, there's a point three hundred seventy two millisecond delay between use of our power and the neutralising counter force of the Ferengi. See, we push and they push back in equal force, sir. That's point three-hundred milliseconds. There's (realisation) Ah, I see where you're going. We shift down and then kick hard into warp nine. Yeah! Come back fighting! whooey! Ask me after it's done, sir. (to engineer) I want a slow reverse into drop off over five minutes. We'll show them what this baby can do, sir. Aye, aye, sir. [Bridge] All systems ready, Captain. And communication now restored to Engineering. Point three hundred milliseconds, sir. On your command, Captain. They can do that? Aye, sir. We should getting those readings soon. The probe will give us some of those answers, sir. (Data has found a Chinese finger puzzle that the children have left behind) My hero. (Picard reaches across, pushes his fingers together and removes the puzzle) Incredible! Team up with the Ferengi, sir? Data. (Geordi throws the finger puzzle to him) Captain's log, supplemental. In orbit of a mysterious planet, whose unexplained forcefield has seized us with a power almost beyond imagination. If there is a solution to this, it almost certainly will involve cooperation from the Ferengi. [Bridge] He heard that. You had to ask. Do I look conscious? I'm resting, sir. My foot's stuck. Up there. I materialized upside down above the planet surface. Data, who's that? (The Ferengis are watching them. Little crouching men with whips in their hands) But the Ferengi weapons were working when we first arrived. I'm finally beginning to understand what my eyes have been showing me. It's patterns of force everywhere. This entire planet has been turned into a power accumulator. It's the whole point of this place. I can see the planet's power emanating from. Commander. (There's an impressive display of controlled energy, which resolves to a vague face) Something to write home about? Data, that's very human.
So, Worf, why the interest in this? It's just routine maintenance on the sensor assemblies. Not just the junior ones. Okay, you hold this relay offline while I adjust these sensor circuits. Lieutenant La Forge here. [Bridge] Worf! La Forge to Sickbay. We havd a medical emergency in sensor maintenance. I repeat, this is a medical emergency. (after the titles, Crusher and a medic dash in) I don't know. He got hit by some sensor feedback, maybe. (Worf suddenly wakes up and starts fighting the medic. Geordi lies across him so Crusher can inject him) You got it, Doc? He was just monitoring the sensor console when he jerked as though something hit him. What my sensors showed was a glow, just for a second. I can't explain it. I doubt it, sir. It seemed what I was seeing was something real. [Antican quarters] (The Anticans have long white eyebrows, and white facial hair, and have sharp teeth like a mongoose) Warp eight, sir. [Crusher's quarters] Unless there have been some changes I don't know about. According to these readings, we could go back to warp speed now. Who else could have corrected it, Wes? Inform the bridge of engine status. Sometimes it's the result that counts, you know. What the? Oh, no. Helm control just went down. She won't respond. Wes, alert Engineering from your panel, alright? Captain, we've just dropped to impulse power. (Picard leans over and touches the console. Blue energy enters him) Sir, are you all right? I thought I just saw The helm is suddenly malfunctioning, sir. Sir, I was just Well, there's nothing wrong with it now, sir. Everything is just as it should be. Sir? You want to double back on our course, sir? Yes, sir. Then he'd have to be relieved of command. Which you could do, Doctor, but it's beaucoup trouble if you're wrong. We're now approaching the cloud, sir. Aye, sir. (Picard enters) So he's just floating around out there? How can we settle for that? We're really leaving him? Moving in, sir, but where? Sensors monitoring the perimeter, ship's circuitry, sir. Nothing. Aye, sir. Something crazy on my panel. Commander Riker. (blue energy) Static?
They're wild in some ways, actually puritanical in others. Neat as pins, ultra-lawful, and make love at the drop of a hat. Confirmed by my readings, Captain. It's a shadow something. Shields and deflectors up full, sir. Main phaser banks ready. Sir. Aye, sir. Lieutenant La Forge to Captain. [Bridge] This is something I've never seen before, sir. After complete spectral analysis, well it's as if it's not really there. [Bridge] This is the Enterprise, Lieutenant. We're receiving you now. Negative, sir. Is that a signal? More of what, sir? I'm glad it's gone.
You'll be able to see him now, sir. They're willing to communicate on visual. I've got something, sir. I read it now, sir, as a Constellation class starship heading this way under impulse power. Sending no call letters, sir. Aye, sir. I activated the emergency power cells. Amazing they still work. I read about this ship at the Academy, I never dreamed I'd ever be on her. Aye, sir. (Picard enters, in pain) Open, sir. Secure, Sir. [Ready room] Correction. The log just found aboard the Stargazer is a forgery. Captain. You're looking better, sir. But a bit clumsy. It's definitely a fabrication, sir. (Crusher enters) Commander, I'm reading something very strange here. A low intensity beam of intermittent pulse inside this starship. Commander, Stargazer is now powering up, sir. [Stargazer Bridge] It seems to be a network of miniature circuitry, sir. Incredibly complex. Maybe an amplifier. When he put up the shields, sir. [Stargazer Bridge] (Picard is surrounded by the ghosts of his crew, and the flames) The Battle of Maxia, sir. That's what it is.
Captain, we are now at warp nine point one, sir. Captain, I'm picking up a forcefield out there of some kind. It's almost (The chain-link that envelopes the Enterprise is straight out of  Encounter At Farpoint.) Reversing power, sir. Now reading full stop, sir. (There's a flash, and something similar to Prince of Wales' feathers hovers) Twin moons. Where are we? And where does she go? I'd see the freckles on his nose if he had them, sir. He's at the third ridge. Moving well too. Oh, oh. Good, he sees them. (Them being soldiers in an camp. And they grunt like pigs. Worf runs back) [Ready Room] Those soldiers have formed a skirmishing line, I think you'd call it, and they're headed this way. That's what their weapons look like, sir. Yeah, but against phasers? Just one of our hand phasers could finish off an entire regiment. Incredible, Worf! You came out of nowhere. Those soldiers are moving in fast, sir. He must still be on the planet. We were under attack by these, these animal things. Well, maybe Data could explain better, sir. Come on, not again! Commander. (by a rock fall) There's someone under here. (Data tosses rocks as if they were made of polystyrene, which they are) You're getting close, Data. (Data uncovers a little girl, and lifts her out. Check the number on the pipe on the wall) Or fear. Hey, Wes. Not bad. (to Tasha) You're as beautiful as I imagined, and more. I don't think so, sir. The price is a little high for me, and I don't like who I would have to thank. Make me the way I was. Please! (Riker does) Worf, is this your idea of sex? Captain, we are showing that same hole in time again. Our instruments say we've just now beamed back from our rescue mission. Aye, sir. On the board.
Aye, sir. We're at warp four. Pardon me, sir, but where do these tunnels come into the picture? This is steelplast, sir. Fairly recent installation. Admiral, there's an infrared light signal ahead. Steady beam, straight across the tunnel, chest high. There's another at waist level. Sir? Karnas again, sir. On screen. Aye, sir. Leaving orbit. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Simple as that, huh? Data, when you've seen the Jaradan react once, you don't ever have to see it again. Not really. He was just a twentieth-century Sherlock Holmes. Indubitably, my dear Data. Indubitably. [Bridge] Commander, I'm receiving a subspace message from the Jarada. Aye, sir. [Outside Holodeck] (Crusher is trying to straighten her stocking seams) LaForge to Bridge. I can't find the Captain, sir. I'm at the holodeck. Something's gone wrong. I can't communicate with him, I can't access the programme, and I can't open the doors. Enterprise log, supplemental. First Officer reporting. Due to an unknown breakdown in the holodeck, we are unable to contact the Captain. [Bridge] Yes. Not a thing. We have to go through this millimetre by millimetre. Easy, Wes. Slow it down. If there's an anomaly, you could go right past it, okay? [Interrogation room] Well, everything checks out so far. Ensign Crusher believes the trouble may have been caused by the Jaradan probe. If so, it could be very difficult to locate. [Hill's office] Well you may have to stall them. [Hill's Office] La Forge to Bridge. We think we have something, sir. I'll let Ensign Crusher explain. So, Data, how was it? Aye, sir. Sir?
Sir, we are now twenty minutes from Omicron Theta, mark! Aye, sir. Approaching close parking orbit, sir. Now in close parking orbit, sir. Agreed, sir. The soil appears almost completely lifeless. This once was rich farmland. I'd say something like twenty to thirty years ago. Commander, I'd say that everything on this planet was either dead or dying at the time Data was found. Commander, I think I've got this place figured out here. This was really very cleverly done to make this look like a natural hollow in the terrain here. There are signs of it being constructed in a hurry as if to hide something here. Yeah, thought so. (He has found the catch to the secret door. The back of the cave swings open to reveal a passageway into) [Underground Complex] (Riker turns the lights on) Doctor Noonien Soong, my friend, happens to have been Earth's foremost robotics scientist. Data, it's you. Commander Riker, looks like some sort of storage area. (Data opens the new door and dry ice pours out before revealing another android, in pieces) Looks like just these two. I mean, that and the real Data. Will we know how to turn it on? Agreed, Captain. Well, to make it easier for humans to relate to you. Had to be. But your designer may have had something else to prove as well. And helm control is here, with the ship's heading given in measurements we call degrees. Three hundred and sixty of them in a full circle this way. On the nose. My brother. That has a nice sound to it, Data. Captain, I'm picking up a bogey coming in on a five o'clock tangent. It's like a giant snow flake crystal, but much more complex. The entire electromagnetic spectrum seems to play about inside it, but I haven't the slightest idea what it is, sir. Captain! (The entity is starting to send rays their way) Now I call that communicating.
Ready to begin orbit of Angel One, Captain. Kind of like being marooned at home. Ever feel like you're not really wanted? [Corridor] Search pattern initiated now. [Guest quarters] (Riker enters, and Troi hands him a local male outfit on a hangar) A Klingon sneeze? Aye, sir. (Geordi goes and sits in the Captain's chair) Make it so. [Guest quarters] La Forge here. [Picard's quarters] Well, no recent contact, sir, but I have informed them of the medical situation up here and the growing Romulan threat to our Neutral Zone outpost. [Picard's quarters] I'm sure half the ship knows that by now. Report to Sickbay, Lieutenant. La Forge here. On my way. La Forge to Engineering. Lieutenant Wong knows the system. I'm sure she'll be able to resolve all problems. Worf, thanks for the advice. [Hideout] [OC]: Bridge to Sickbay how are you Doing, Doctor? We're going to be seriously undermanned if we're forced to engage the Romulans in battle. [Sickbay] If this continues, there'll be no one left to run the ship. [Sickbay] Enterprise here. Go ahead. [Hideout] I suggest you make that on the double, Tasha. We have a real medical emergency brewing up here. [Hideout]
Coming into position. Aye sir. (clunk) And docking complete. Well, what do you think? What we're investigating is, can Data be creative? I suggested the zylo eggs. Really? Now what are you doing? We'll go to Engineering since that's where the trouble is. Wes, don't disturb the Captain or Commander Riker until we check this out. [Bridge] Bridge, this is main Engineering. Are you running any test programs up there? Are the Bynars? I don't know. There's no one on duty here, and we're getting some very strange readings from the magnetic containment field. Data, I can't maintain the integrity of the containment field. Nothing I do has any effect. I'm losing it. Data, I've rechecked every circuit. This is not a misread by the computer. Let's go. We've only got forty one seconds. (They step into the turbolift) I think we're the last. You mean they're still on the Enterprise? Wait a minute. How is that possible? Okay, so what do we do? Still no response from the Enterprise. Responsible? How could you possibly have known? You can't be on the Bridge every second, Data.
Entering standard orbit now. Maybe no one's home. Could it be the increased conductivity caused by the high saline content? You're right. Very impressive. And those two surfaces follow that contour so precisely, the water maintains a consistent depth between them. Data, we have your section completely powered down now. Bensen has just locked the master servomotor drive system. [Hydraulics room] LAFORGE [OC] So it should be safe in there now. Then what are you suggesting? [Hydraulics room] You got it. [Hydraulics room] (The laser powers up, turns, and fires a shot into a tunnel cut in the wall. Then it does the same in the opposite wall) Data, what's happening? Can you open that? La Forge to Enterprise. We have a problem. [Bridge] Data's in the hydraulics room alone, and we're hearing laser blasts. [Bridge] We've got to get this door open. Data! We can't get in! Data! Data! Data! (The door opens on a room full of smoke) [Bridge] Are you all right? What happened? Did you do anything which might have set it off? The firing programme? In what way? Are you suggesting that someone was controlling the aiming and firing sequence? And not by much, from what I saw. That would have required the talents of a master programmer. Shall I have them brought in, sir? Not much left of this drill. (Data scans something in one of the tunnels, and a little light flashes in his face) Whoa. What is it? Nothing but basic elements. Inorganic. No carbon. Sandy texture. Those flashes are almost musical. I see colour variations and rhythms in complex harmonies. How could it be alive? It's inorganic. Not movement exactly, but a definite shift in the energy pattern. It's changing. The infrared range is increasing. And it's intensifying! Negative, Captain. Reducing the backup to the quarantine seal might help. Aye, sir. Neither can I. Emits light when charged. Restabilising, Captain. Captain, picking up a decrease in infra-red intensity. Transporter power being redirected, sir. We are unable to affect it. We found traces of cadmium salts. Now, cadmium is a conduit for converting infra-red into electricity. Sorry, sir, it still has control of the computer. We can't do it by remote. It's getting dimmer, too.
The Epsilon Mynos system, sir. Aye, sir. All stop, and hold. It's got to be pretty sophisticated to hide an entire planet . This beam is emanating from Aldea. I can't reach the Commander. We're being blocked. (The beam vanishes) Still no response, sir. (The away team return, and Wesley vanishes) This is unbelievable, sir. According to my calculations, we're three days from Aldea. At warp nine. Aye, sir. We were able to further define the weakness in their shield. Now, it's not a hole as much as it is a fluctuation. Yes, sir. Certainly, sir. (Alexandra's pink tribble is on Captain Picard's back) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
There's nothing much to see here, Commander. We're in a standard orbit, and the station has to be manned even if it's just routine. Commander, just having that guy around makes me feel guilty. What's he after, anyway? No, sir. That's not what I'm saying. Now, Kosinski was sent by Starfleet to improve our warp drive system. Captain Picard was ordered to take him aboard. Not exactly, sir. Yes, but that's not how it happened. Smart kid. Captain, he's unbalanced the dilithium reaction. [Shuttlecraft] At this trajectory, he'll enter the atmosphere and burn up at two hundred kilometres. He built up enough speed and then bounced her off the atmosphere!
Aye, sir. Course set, Captain. Aye, sir, warp seven. We are now approaching the Neutral Zone. Going to one half impulse. Now entering quadrant nine zero seven, mark three. Aye, aye, sir. We can certainly try it, sir. Data and I have been working on a way to transmit what my visor sees. If it works, the Bridge'll be able to monitor us. Exactly. So far, the effective range is only few kilometres, but we're working on it. La Forge to Bridge. Worf, I've switched on the Visual Acuity Transmitter. Okay, Worf. I am switching off for transport. La Forge to Bridge. Captain, I'm switching on the transmitter. [Bridge] That's Commander Riker. [Bridge] I select what I want and then disregard the rest. Well, how, in a noisy room, can you select one specific voice or sound? Exactly. [Bridge] Well, what's the least dangerous route, Data? Commander Riker! Commander. There's a fissure developing in the bulkhead. The skin of the ship is losing its integrity. Right there. [Bridge] Very good, Captain. Exactly right. It's impossible to be exact. I'd say five minutes. Probably less. Signal overload. I'm surprised it lasted this long. He's right, sir. A phaser discharge now could blow us all out of here. Come on, let's go! [Bridge] Commander, we are out of time. This ship is blowing. Captain, that unidentified vessel is approaching us at warp five. Intersect one hour, sixteen minutes, thirty three seconds. I can try, sir. Hello. Hailing frequencies open, sir. Aye, sir. Coordinates set in, Captain. Aye, sir, warp five.
Yeah? For which side? We are approaching the planet Minos, sir. Aye, sir. Standard orbit. A dissatisfied customer? It's a heck of a sales pitch. Aye, sir. Understood, sir. Captain, Lieutenant La Forge here. Sensors indicate energy readings in your area. [Jungle] (As Data tries to neutralise the force field, another device arrives and starts shooting) Good. They must have freed Commander Riker. Transporter Room, get a lock on the away team and beam them up. Red Alert! Battle stations! We can't the away team beam up with our shields in place. Give me a full scan. Emergency power to shields! Return fire! We've got to hold out as long as we can. Now, if we can disable our attacker, if only for a few seconds, we can drop our shields and beam the away team back aboard. No. Mister Logan, I'm in command. If he had, he wouldn't have left the ship. Lock phasers on that thing and fire the moment it's in range. Worf, analyse its firing pattern. Maybe we can anticipate its location. Right. The best thing, Mister Logan, is for this discussion to end and for you to return to your duties. Now, I'm in charge until relieved by Commander Riker or Captain Picard. Not at all. In fact, just to opposite. I'm counting on it. Now I need you to get back down to Engineering and get me every available scrap of emergency power you can. The more power we can channel to the shields, the longer we'll be able to hold out. Now, Mister Logan. (Logan leaves) Worf, have you got a lock on it yet? All right, I know it's risky, but a shot in the dark is better than nothing. Let's see if we can get lucky. There. That's all right, you're doing fine. Okay. Mister Solis, bring her about to two three mark one eight five. Fire! Now! Mister Logan, report to the Bridge. We are getting out of here. Lieutenant Solis, set course three one five mark zero, zero seven. Speed warp five. Engage. Hold course and speed for twenty eight seconds, then come to a full stop. Mister Logan, had we stayed, we would have been destroyed. Now, there are over a thousand people on this ship. I have a responsibility to them. I have a responsibility to them as well. Mister Logan, you are going to take command of the Saucer Section. Backup crew, report to the main Bridge. Yes, and I want you to take the saucer section and proceed immediately to Starbase one zero three. Maybe we won't have to. Yes. That's why we're going to separate. Worf, Solis, T'Su. Report to the Battle Bridge. I'll join you in a moment. Come in. Counsellor, we're a few minutes away from separating the battle section. I don't have a lot of time. And you sense I'm nervous. Well, you're right. Counsellor, deep down I'm shaking. I'm about to take this ship into battle, and there's a good chance she'll be blasted out of the sky. I'm taking a huge risk here, and there are a lot of lives at stake. So, yeah, I'm nervous. Did you expect otherwise? You think I'm about to crack? Then what did you want to see me about? Let's get them there, Mister Solis. I'll join you shortly. La Forge out. Solis is doing a fine job. No, wait. They're good officers. What do I do? Like Captain Picard showed confidence in me. Right. I understand. Thanks, Counsellor. [Battle bridge] Prepare to initiate separation sequence. On my mark. Now. (The saucer rises away) Lieutenant Solis, lay in a reciprocal course for Minos, warp five. On my mark. Engage. [Cavern] (Picard and Crusher are far enough apart to be out of sight of each other, but not earshot) Ensign T'Su, when I order the shields down, you have one responsibility. Locate the away team and get them up here. You may only have a few seconds. Ride's going to get a little bumpy. Things are going to happen fast. Just keep alert, stay calm. Let's focus on what we're doing. You know your jobs. You've been trained, you've been tested. You've earned the right to sit in those chairs. [Cavern] It's great to hear your voice, Captain. We're a little busy right now. I'll get right back to you. Keep those shields at full power. Ahead one quarter, heading two five mark three zero zero. That's correct. We're going to lose some maneuverability, so keep a firm hand on the helm. I'm counting on it. Lian, scan for any air disruption or vortex. Cloak or no cloak, we'll spot it by its turbulence. Worf, how fast can you get a phaser lock? Emergency power to deflectors. Steady as she goes. Can you compensate? Maintain heading. There he is! Fire! (Bang!) Shields down. Come to four zero mark six five, ahead one third, and assume a standard orbit. Relinquishing command, Captain. Sir? Lieutenant Solis, plot a course to rendezvous with the saucer section. Engage. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Captain, estimated rendezvous with the shuttle in one hour and ten minutes. Aye, sir. I read your coordinates at three seven zero point two three six. Confirm. Shuttle, this is the Enterprise. Your coordinates now read two three seven point one zero one. Ben, you're dangerously close to a planet. Course plotted and set for Vagra Two. Approaching Vagra Two, Captain. Aye, sir. Standard orbit. Commander, I may be able to see something in the creature which might be helpful.
Course is set, Captain. Aye, sir, one half impulse. Aye, sir. Moving in, sir. I believe, Captain, we can provide them with a temporary substitute. Our ship's stores contain a coil of the proper type. Captain, the freighter's hull temperature is approaching critical. [Transporter room] The freighter is going down. Solar flares are increasing in magnitude, Captain. Shields are shaky, but they're holding. Odd that in two centuries neither civilisation advanced much further. Aye, sir. [Observation Lounge] Destination, sir? Aye, sir. Course nine seven zero mark three one eight. Speed, warp three. The Opraline system. Curiosity. We've never been there.
Just like a feeling of deja vu. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. Warp eight. Estimated arrival Pegos Minor, four hours, thirty five minutes, seventeen seconds. Captain, we've reached the coordinates specified. There's nothing here. What are they, Worf? Very remote area, sir. It's in the middle of the Vandor system, a binary star system. Main star's a B class giant, the companion star's a pulsar. Aye, sir. We have reached the coordinates, Captain. Aye, sir. No, sir. The forcefield is preventing any kind of contact other than audio. All right. We have the coordinates exactly as the Professor specified. [Vandor corridor] (Data arrives safely) Course set and laid in, sir.
So the guy staggers to his feet and goes back to the girl, right? Well, she smiles, looks him right in the eye and says 'just try that in hyperspace!' (Geordi laughs) Twenty two hours fourteen minutes, sir. Aye sir. Full impulse. Aye, sir. Aye sir, warp eight. Confirmed, sir. Sector sixty three. Aye, sir. Changing course to three five one mark four. (After a quick trip) Approaching sector sixty three, sir. Aye, sir. Going to impulse power, now. We are in close proximity to that planet. Approaching Earth, sir. Standard orbit, sir. Considering what we've done, their response has been pretty temperate. This is Lieutenant La Forge in guest quarter seventeen. We have a medical emergency. Admiral. Don't you think we should wait until the Doctor gets here? (Quinn throws him through the plywood doors into the corridor) If I could see, I'd be seeing stars. How can that be? The man picked me up like a rag doll. Keep me posted, Doctor, I'll be on the Bridge. (She spots something at the back of Quinn's neck) Any idea what the message was, Data?
I wonder how it got out here. The Captain's shuttle is approaching the main Shuttlebay, sir. Laying it in, sir. Captain, those coordinates will take us right into the Neutral Zone. Aye, sir. Warp eight. By the Romulans? If their intention isn't hostile, what is it? Must have been one hell of an explosion. Sir? Aye, sir. [Guest lounge] We are approaching Tarod Nine. We wanted to know if they have improved the cloaking device. Guess we have our answer. The last time we encountered them was decades ago. Cost thousands of lives. Captain, I have plotted a course to intercept the Charleston, but they've just informed me that they'll be making an extended stop at Arloff Nine. Well, at warp eight, we could have our guests at Starbase Thirty Nine Sierra in five days. Take months off their journey. Aye, sir. Warp six.
We're constructing the enclosure on cargo deck five. (doorbell) Each of these units will have total environmental control. Gravity, temperature, atmosphere, light, all in a protective stasis field. Right. See, these modules will keep the specimens alive, but it's this large containment area that's going to keep us alive. Now, I have to go and replicate this five hundred and twelve times, which means I'll have to divert power from the warp engines to the replicator for a while. A couple of hours. Can't be helped. You'll have it. Where? Hold on, I'll check. [Engineering] No, I show nothing here, Data. [Bridge] How's it going? Transporter three, we are ready to receive. (Hexagons start to appear on the display and in the container) Data, the first batch is in place, and we're ready for the next. Aye, sir. [Troi's quarters] What is it? Where? Bridge, this is cargo deck five. [Bridge] Captain, we've checked everything. There's no reason for this to be happening. I can't even isolate the cause of the problem. [Bridge] Environment's as programmed. Temperature ninety seven degrees Kelvin. Radiation flux zero. Stasis field nominal. Everything exactly as it should be, right down the line. No, no, no. It can't break through this. We don't have one. How long is it going to take to develop a vaccine? All of this might have been in vain? Good luck. (Dealt is beamed away) Data, you can lock on to the first group and begin transporting on my mark. [Ready room]
Yes, Captain. Wherever we are, it seems to have no effect on Engineering. Yes, sir. Everything looks fine down here. Aye, sir. [Bridge] Engineering, transfer to Bridge. What's happening, sir? we should be clear. All systems functioning normally, sir. Like the rat said, 'Keep the cheese, I just want out of the trap.' Engineering section, report. What is our situation? (silence) Engineering? Captain, request permission to leave the Bridge. Sure is a damned ugly nothing. Speaks right up for something your sensors say isn't there, Data.
She believes it has already arrived? Not the starship, my friend. The original. (in a side alcove is a wonderful replica of HMS Victory, bunting and all) This is my gift to the Victory's Captain Zimbata. I served with him an ensign. Sure wish he'd been in command of this Victory. Wind and sail, that's the proper way to move a ship. That's exactly why this fascinates me, Data. You see, it's human nature to love what we don't have. Simpler days, huh? Anyway, stringing this rigging has made me dream of handling sails. Data, the whole point in doing something like this is to make it by hand. So it is. While we're waiting to rendezvous with Victory, we have time for me to be Watson. More properly, your Watson. (Geordi hands Data a meerschaum pipe) I've just shown you one of my dreams, now let's go and share in one of yours. Clancy, I'll be gone awhile. See that no one touches this. Look at all of the detail. So you say everything here has some significance? This? All right, Data. You solve the cases and get all the gifts, what do I do? In the hands of some, the violin is a wondrous thing, equally capable of stirring the soul to the heights of bliss as to the depths of despair, but Data, that's incredible. How can you play it like that? But, in the hands of my friend, Mister Sherlock Holmes, the violin ceases to be a musical instrument at all and becomes How could you possibly? (A knock on the door) Inspector who? Data, Holmes really talked like that? (trying to turn on a table lamp) Damn. Haven't they invented the electric light by now? Computer, freeze programme. Exit! I'm done. (La Forge leaves) Data, what was the point in going to the holodeck? Exactly, but, you've got them all memorised. The first time someone opens their mouth, you've got it solved, so there's really no mystery. If there's no mystery, there's no game. No game, no fun. I'm not upset with you, Data, really. It's just that we go through all the trouble to arrange the time to go down to the holodeck, to get the proper wardrobe, to get into character, and then boom, before we even get started you jump to the end. You see, I was looking forward to the mystery. Oh, I'm not getting through. The fun in the programme, Data, was in the attempt to solve a mystery. She's right, Data. You always know the answer. I don't know about that. Deductive reasoning is one of Data's strengths. Now you're just being unfair, Doctor. Good for you, Data. So this will be something new, something created by the computer? Your first visit to a holodeck, Doctor? But with the image so perfect you'd have to touch the wall to know it was there. And the computer fools you in other ways. I say, Holmes, where shall we head? The theatre? Rule's? A concert perhaps? (A young boy dashes between them) What's over here, Data? Now wait a minute, Doctor. We'll see whose circuits short out. (They return to where they entered, under the watchful gaze of a man) Computer, arch. Computer, override previous programme. Okay. A programme that definitely challenges Data. Computer, in the Holmesian style, create a mystery to confound Data with an opponent who has the ability to defeat him. Computer wants to know how far to take the game. No, the parameters will be whatever is necessary in order to accomplish the directive. Create an adversary capable of defeating Data. [Bridge] Data, I mean, Holmes old boy, what are we looking for? Who has? I think she's hiding. She's going to lead you on a wild goose chase and then recount the story to everyone between here and Alpha Centauri. And how do you know that? That we're on the right track. Now, you know all this because you read it in a Holmes story, right? Yeah. Come on. (They retrace their steps and meet the Inspector) Well, Holmes, what do you say, man? Inspector, perhaps I can be of assistance. As I take note of this dead man, I deduce that he was strangled. You see, the finger marks on his throat indicate the cause of death, and, as there are signs of struggle, it's quite obvious that his murderer was a stranger who attacked him from behind. Holmes, the poor woman hardly has the strength to strangle a man this size. Data, wait. If this murder isn't connected to the disappearance of Doctor Pulaski, then the computer is running an independent programme. Why? Then you don't know what's going to happen next? That's what I want to hear. Where to now? How do you know that? Why is the obvious choice all of a sudden the right one? I mean, isn't this a game of misdirection? Who does? Now this is getting interesting. [Warehouse] There's nothing here but these barrels. Oh, no, Data. It's another dead end. The Doctor was right. Finally we have a game worth playing. How do you know that? Data, what does he mean? How does he know we're not who we appear to be? Data. Data, this isn't right. A holographic image should not be able to call for the arch. Data. Data, wait. [Warehouse] Data, wait! Data! Data. Data, will you please tell me what's going on? It's still running. The programme didn't shut down. Data, wait. What is it? What's on that paper? And why can't we shut down the holodeck? Data. This is impossible. How can a character from 1890's London draw a picture of the Enterprise? Who's got control of the computer? That is impossible? I don't understand. Data, wait. What about the doctor? Is she all right in there? Me? Well, Doctor Pulaski and I had a discussion about whether Data could solve an original Holmes-type mystery. Yes, with a worthy opponent. Oh, my God. I asked for a Holmes-type mystery with an opponent capable of defeating Data. That got to be it. Captain, I'm sorry. Using wave guides, I could split a particle stream out of the matter/antimatter chamber and route it down through existing conduit into the holodeck. If accelerated to sufficient velocity that would quite literally wash away all present holographic constructs. The London buildings, the streets, the people, all gone including Moriarty. Yes, sir. She cracked a spar when the Enterprise was shaken. Otherwise I think she weathered it quite nicely. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. It's just that I can't help thinking how. What else might have happened all because I misspoke a single word. Bristol fashion, sir? Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Sure will, and better. Let me show you. On your old one, the zelebium contacts that wore down and then fused. What I've done is replace them with tricellite. Don't worry, you won't. Your ship will never outlast this part. Well, this part, but the stress test did show that you tend to push your ship a little beyond its design capabilities. Working on it. What's the rush? I thought you liked it here. It's ready. You should be able to install this in roughly five minutes.
He said something about his new image. I tell you, he's been acting kind of strange lately. Well, if I didn't know better, I'd say he was showing signs of insecurity. I don't know. Sometimes I think he's becoming more human than any of us realise. [Data's quarters] Data? Can we come in? Did you damage your face, Data? Yes, Captain. [Bridge] Now remember, this is a near warp transport, so the effects may be a little unusual. Try and hold still, will you, Data? I wish I knew what to suggest. I'm damned if I can find a thing wrong with him. What, are you saying that Data is losing his mind? Well, sir, it's just a guess, but, sometimes he wants to be human so badly he can taste it. I think he just tends to get confused when his human qualities surface. Witnessing Graves' death may have been some sort of catalyst for the way he (Troi enters, interrupting) Data. Data, can you hear me? (Data opens his eyes) Yeah. I think you just did. You can ask me anything you want.
Go ahead, sir.
Engineering, transfer to Bridge. Standing by, Commander. Interlock is engaged. The Lantree is responding, sir. Lantree Bridge monitor engaging. (The viewscreen shows very old people dead in their seats) The forcefield's ready, Captain. Transporter, energise. (A male older than twelve appears on the table) Transporter, reverse What is it, Doctor. The problem is there's no area on the ship that can be sealed off with absolute certainty, even with force fields. But it's not possible to totally cut it off from the rest of the ship. The only truly independent environment would be something like a shuttlecraft. Couldn't we adjust the biofilter? We could alter the filter to screen out whatever it is that's causing the disease. I don't think it's ever been tried quite that way before, but theoretically it is possible. Good to see you, Doctor.
There's more to this than just the cards, Data. I'm in. Yeah, me too. I'm out. (Another deal. Riker is showing the ten, Jack and five of hearts. Data has two Queens and an Ace) He bluffed you, Data. Of course there is. You're going away. Sure, I understand. I just don't like your being forced out. It's not fair. Sorry, that just doesn't make it any better. Yeah. Me too. Take care of yourself, Data. [JAG office] (Picard and Riker are present to hear the outcome of the research into Data's status)
Bridge, this is Engineering. Now that we're out of warp, I'd like to use this time to make some routine adjustments on the deuterium control conduit. We're overdue. [Bridge] Wes, I'm going to need an SCM model three, from ship's stores. Can you handle that? All right. [Bridge] (The planet on the viewscreen is a pale mustard colour) Energy depletion level? Wesley? Wesley, you haven't found that defocused area yet? (Wesley is on the upper catwalk) Yeah, I see the way you're looking. Wesley! I can see that. Now I understand why you can't concentrate. Okay. What is it? What happened? I suppose it had to happen to you. It usually does at about this age. Glands erupting with hormones. It happens to all of us. You said she was perfect. Come on down. You're no use around here for now. Come on down. Go talk to her. Use the ladder. (Wesley comes down to Geordi) Just say, 'Hi, I'm Wesley Crusher. I'd like to talk to you'. Whatever occurs to you. Look, Wes, I don't have time for this. You're going to have to ask somebody else. Nothing to be concerned about. Just performing some routine adjustments. I perform periodic inspections on all engineering systems. It's not a malfunction. It's simply that a minute defocused area has developed. It lowers our operating efficiency. Our computer would detect that. Look, I really have to get this finished. Energy depletion level? La Forge to bridge. I've just completed my final adjustments. Thanks for the time. You now have warp engines available.
Sensor recordings reveal that what we witnessed was an uncontrolled and catastrophic matter-antimatter mix. The magnetic seals between the chambers collapsed and Yes, sir, it is, but a highly improbable series of events has to take place for such a result to occur. Okay. In the event of a breach of seal integrity there's an emergency release system which dumps the antimatter. However it happened, the Yamato did it to herself. I think Captain Varley may have been right. There may be a design flaw. Yes, sir. It's the most sophisticated piece of machinery ever built. Something could have been overlooked. We're already working on it, sir. La Forge. Everything continues to check out. I'm starting an analysis on the magnetic coils. [Bridge] La Forge. Solving them, no sir, but I can eliminate one worry. It is not a design flaw. [Engineering] I've been reviewing the Yamato's log, and I think maybe that alien probe had something to do with her problems. I need to see the thing. [Bridge] I can't. If you're asking for speculation, I'd say yes, sir, they are. I need time. [Bridge] No, sir, wait! Captain! Captain! (But the comm. system has gone down, so Geordi has to run to the Bridge instead. The door refuses to open so he heads off another way) [Corridor] Coming through! [Turbolift] Bridge! (The turbolift takes of sideways so quickly it pins him to the door) Emergency stop! (Then it goes the other way) Stop! Damn it! (Now he's up against the ceiling, then the floor and his visor falls off. Heck of a roller coaster ride, this one) [Bridge] Destroy the probe, sir. Quickly! Thank you, sir. If that thing had managed to scan us, we never would have had any chance of saving the Enterprise. [Observation lounge] That probe was a transmitter sending an alien computer programme. The same programme that is currently aboard the Enterprise trying to rewrite our software in its own image. We have two completely incompatible computer systems trying to interact. Yes. Not very much. The Iconian programme is so sophisticated I may never understand it. Yes, but only in as much as it was the probe that transmitted the programme. The programme affected all of the Yamato's systems simultaneously. But with us, it was deposited within a specific section of our mainframe, so it's having to work its way out from that location. That gives us a little breathing space. Captain, the Enterprise computer system is a lot like our own bodies with voluntary and involuntary system. Now, probably ninety percent of what happens on this ship is done automatically. Completely out of our control. We're sitting on a bomb that could go off any second, or maybe never. [Sickbay] (Kate is chewing out a medic as the lights go up and down) Damn! No go. Let me see if I can directly access the master programme. (Electricity leaps into Geordi when he touches the panel. Data throws him clear - across the room) Data? What happened? Thanks, Data. I noticed. [Ready room] I don't know how to help him. But comparing recorded norms for Data to the current readings, it's clear that all his functions are just going crazy. If we had an expert, a Maddox, somebody, I (The tricorder emits a single tone, and Geordi closes Data's eyes) He's gone. [Iconian Control room] (Picard enters the command sequence blue, amber, amber, red) Data! The self-correcting mechanism. It's constantly kicking in to make minute adjustments in the positronic brain. Okay, give me a second to think. There was an incompatible programme running through Data's system, so the mechanism started searching for a way to keep him alive. The solution. The solution was a shutdown and a total wipe of all affected memory. I don't see why not, but it will have to be a complete shutdown. We turn her off, and effect a wipe of the Yamato log including every subsequent event since we downloaded it. I'll then be able to reload all the ship's programs from the protected archives in the main core. Hey, Commander, whether it's Romulan phasers or our own warp engines, we're just as dead.
Nasty. Nitrogen, methane, liquid neon. Surface temperature minus two hundred and ninety one degrees Celsius. Winds up to three hundred and twelve metres per second. Not unless you like ammonia tornadoes. But I have found indications of debris in an elliptical orbit. Sounds good to me. Nasty. [Ready room] Unknown, sir. We're receiving no signal at all from them, sir. We've got nothing to lock on to, sir. [Lobby] Unknown. No. We're going to have to recalibrate all the frequencies to find one that'll work. There could be hundreds of possible combinations. That's impossible to tell, Captain. See, the problem may be with the envelope covering the structure. There are hydrogen-carbon helix patterns throughout. Exactly. I'm comparing the molecular integrity of that bubble against our phasers. I don't know just yet. It may be an option. I'd like to run this test. We're almost there, Captain. We'll be able to attempt contact in a few minutes.
Where did you get these eggs? At Starbase Seventy Three? What kind of eggs did you say these were? I'm on my way. [Shuttlebay two] There you go. You should have power now. (Data touches a panel, and sparks fly) What happened? That's not possible. The connection's idiot proof. Data, what do you think is going on here? I don't mean just with the shuttle, I mean everything. All right, Data. I think I've got it now. That ought to give you something. Making this power adjustment is very tricky. By all rights, this connection should blow all the shuttle's circuits. All right, but remember, you're not indestructible yourself, you know. Powering up. Two percent positive. It's the right decision, but it's having the opposite effect. I don't understand. I can't think of anything that would cause the circuit to change so radically. Okay. Two percent negative. That's it. It shouldn't work, but it does. Hey, Data. Take a look at the stardate. 42679.5. Captain. Captain, we've been able to reactivate the shuttle, and the on-board clock indicates that the shuttle is [Sickbay] Captain, we've retrieved all we are going to get from the shuttle logs, including the last visual records. Everything before that is just a jumble. The distortion is because we had to use a phase inverter to retrieve the logs. The quality will improve slightly. (We see Riker standing in the shuttlebay as the craft takes off. There is a wormhole effect, and a bolt of energy hits Enterprise, knocking her against the tunnel side, and she blows up) Captain, we have a portion of the last log entry. It's audio only. All attempts to obtain further information from the shuttle have failed. I just don't understand how you could have ended up in a shuttlecraft while the Enterprise was being destroyed. Well, the shuttle apparently came from somewhere up ahead, so Rather than continuing on this course, maybe we should stop here and let whatever is out there come to us. What are you saying? That stopping, turning right or left, or even reversing our course, would be pointless? So, when we reach that point, whatever happened will happen again. The Enterprise will be destroyed, the other Picard will be sent back to meet with us and we do it all over again. Sounds like someone's idea of hell to me. The pull on the Enterprise is steady. I'm having to hold the warp engines at thirty percent in order to maintain our present position. [Bridge] Engineering, transfer to Bridge. Sir. Aye, sir. I've set the velocity at warp nine. Warp engines are at ninety one percent. Aye, sir. (The ship shakes, but they're not actually going anywhere) I can't hold it. I'm re-engaging warp engines, Captain. Captain, the hold on the Enterprise is still very strong. I'm having to hold at warp seven just to maintain our position. Captain, the power drain needed to hold this position is enormous. Just a few minutes and then we're going to have to shut down again. I am now at maximum warp. Captain, I can't hold it any longer. If we don't shut down right now, we are going Yes, sir.
Then I'd say we have a problem. Don't worry, Data. My ego isn't at stake here. You know, Starbase Montgomery really didn't have to send me all this help, because we've already checked the entire dilithium spectrum for anomalous frequencies, so you don't have to waste your time on that. (Wesley enters) Wes. Are you okay? That's one word for it. Maybe Worf's not too thrilled with the idea of losing Commander Riker to a new assignment. I know I'm not. Think so? [Ten Forward] (Kate is at the bar, O'Brien and a moody Riker are at a table) You see? With all that's going on, maybe you're overreacting. Come on, he's never been much on charm. I for one want to keep him friendly. That won't be difficult. We will assist you as needed. You found the problem. Wesley should really be doing this on his own. I can't believe you fell for that. I don't know, Data. He looks perfectly normal to me. Good point. Let's not tamper with the status quo. Be my guest. (Data goes over to Worf) Seeing is believing, huh? [Riker's quarters] Data, what if I missed something? Maybe my inputs were incorrect. You spoke to him? Okay, Wesley, slow down. What is the problem? His what? We're his friends. So, what do you suggest we do? I'm not sure I'd like to invite a bunch of Klingons on board. Holographic Klingons. Sure. Why not? So? We're his family. We'll go. I just wonder what kind of party the Klingons had in mind. [Sickbay] Now let me guess. Twenty piece orchestra, magnificent ballroom, everybody in formal wear. Painstiks? Sounds lovely. You mean in order for Worf to celebrate the anniversary of his Ascension, he has to be hurt? And we have to witness this? Not yet. Really? How would you like them to give the transporter operation a little once-over? You're missing the point. It's just the idea that they even suspect a malfunction. Thanks, Data. (Another part of Engineering, where Wesley is talking to Guy) Is this really necessary? Cute bunch. Happy anniversary, Worf. They suggested we reprogram the system to correct the read-out variables.
To do the job, Wesley's going to need a team. It takes command presence to lead. Do you think he's ready for that? You think we're pushing him too hard? So what are you saying? That the Dremans are fated to die? Consider it considered, and rejected. Right, and it could be part of that plan that we interfere. What if the Dremans asked for our help?
We don't ordinarily say please to food dispensers around here. For someone who just arrived, you certainly aren't shy with your opinions. No. I know. That's why you got this assignment. I know, you're excited. Look, Sonya. I don't think you want to be around these control stations with that hot chocolate, do you? Actually it's my fault, sir. Ensign Gomez is a recent Academy graduate. She just transferred over at Starbase One Seventy Three. Captain, I must accept responsibility for this. I'll give you this. It's a meeting the Captain won't soon forget. [Turbolift] I read your graduating thesis. Now, I wouldn't have requested you if you weren't the best. Ten Forward. We're going to forget about work. We are going to sit, talk, relax, look at the stars. You need to learn how to slow down. You know, you're awfully young to be so driven. It's okay. Go on. Sonya, relax. You're here. You've made it. But you won't last long banging into walls. It'll be there for you, believe me. Look, I promise I won't let anything exciting slip past without letting you know, okay? Okay. [Ten Forward] (Guinan gets a strange feeling and leaves her bar to look around) Guinan? We're fine. Is everything all right? I think I'll go check out Engineering. Security, report to main Engineering. We have an intruder. (The intruder is studying wall panels and consoles while the tiny Enterprise hangs nose to whatever with the huge cube) It seemed to make a visual survey of the engine core, sir, then it moved in here. Divert power from anywhere you need it. Anywhere except for life support. If you can't reprogram, then reroute. I know. Just put it out of your head. Sonya, stop it. We'll have time to grieve later. Right now, let's just get those shields operative. Yes, sir. We are passing warp eight point five. [Bridge] Captain, we've just lost the warp engines. [Bridge]
Relax, Wes. You'll do fine on your exams. Ah, Captain Picard. Nice day for a little trip. [Shuttlecraft] (The Sahkarov is lined up with the bay doors) Let me guess. Their rubber band broke, right? Maybe I can help. Commander, from the looks of their ship, I could have them up and running in no time. Yeah, no problem. Aye, sir. (Geordi leaves) Whoa, whoa, wait a minute, it's okay. I'm here to help. Who's in charge of Engineering? Think I could meet him? Yes, I think you mentioned that. So I've heard. Yes, I think so. Fellas, why don't you show me where your guidance system is, okay? Excuse me. The power needs to be rerouted through this venturi chamber before it can be channelled to the engine's coils. Yeah, but not for long. See, we are going to reconfigure these separators, here and over here. Yes, Commander. Go ahead. [Bridge] You see? Like that. (Geordi puts the circuit boards back) There. Your guidance is now up and running. (Then the lights go out) Main power failure? Your guidance is operational, but you're not going anywhere, not with a main power failure. Commander Riker? [Bridge] Yes, sir. [Pakled ship] We aim to please. I'm flattered. Look, fellas, I hate to repair and run, but if you'll excuse me. One to beam aboard. (Grebnedlog grabs his phaser and stuns him) Hey! Don't! [Bridge] You be careful with that thing. What? I came here to help you. Wait a minute. You have a replicator? I didn't come here to give you weapons. Let me talk to them. I'll get you their computer banks. So open the hailing frequency. They'll listen to me. Hey, let me talk to him. I'll get you their computer banks. So open the hailing frequency. They'll listen to me. Not smart enough. I'm still here. I thought you wanted me to help you go. Why don't we work on that guidance system, okay? You've got to be kidding. Come on. There's not enough juice in these to blow up a passing asteroid. I suppose we could increase the anti-matter charges. Yeah. You're now armed to the teeth. You have photon torpedo. You are strong. I can't believe it! My friends, my people, they're trying to kill us! Kill me! Okay, they want to play rough, that's fine with me. Just let me check something. Don't do anything yet. Making sure your systems are operative. Just another second. We can't afford a mis-fire here. Now! (nothing happens, except the lights go red) No! Too late! They used their crimson force field. No, the crimson force field has disarmed us. Blowing that hydrogen exhaust through the Bussard collectors sure put on a nice light show. Just in time. That's why you're still here. [Starbase 515 Operating Theatre] Looks like things are back to normal.
Doctor Pulaski? Well, I guess I'll just have to hunt for them. Sorry to disturb you. [Laboratory] (Eyes wide open, but oblivious to what is happening, Pulaski and Riker are having needles pushed into their abdomens) [Pulaski's office] Hey. So what happened to you two down on Mariposa? Is everything all right? Yeah. Every time I asked where you were, some clone lied to me. Commander, with this I can see better than your average person. Now when someone lies there are certain physical manifestations. Variations in blush response, pupil dilation, pulse, breath rate. Doesn't always work with aliens, but humans? Got'em nailed. Now wait a minute. Granger said he hadn't seen either one of you. Did you make it to his office? So what's the prognosis, Doc? Great. Where are you going?
And five more. You mean fold, Data. You hope. Talk, talk, talk Ouch. Fold, fold, fold Smiling would break his concentration. Wait a minute, let me write this down. ((Everyone gets two hole cards and one face up) Fifty? You were bluffing. Yeah, right. [Bridge] Transporter ready, Captain. [Bridge] All yours, Commander. (La Forge leaves. The probe case unlocks, and Riker helps O'Brien lift off the top. The inside is filled with a person. Pulaski scans and shakes her head) We can beam an away team onto the T'Ong and override the cryogenic controls, sure. They realise they're in Federation territory and attack the nearest outpost. We could probably knock out their warp drive engines without damaging the rest of their ship. Transferring Engineering to the Bridge. I think so. Those old shields weren't particularly efficient at blocking gamma ray output. If I can tune the sensors to a particular band of. There. Got them. Transferring coordinates to helm.
 Another millimetre. That's it. A little more. There. That's excellent. Yes, Commander. Yes, sir, and the best of luck to you. I've researched the old Avidyne engines. They're archaic by our standards, very touchy. (The first of many Buckaroo Banzai references in this story) I've already taken the liberty of putting together a few necessities. [Worf's quarters] (He seems to be building a matchstick ship, The door chime makes him break a stick.)  So you're going to beat him? Well, then it's going to be a close one. But you have got a chance? Are you going to bother to show up? Other aside from your being privileged, is there anything else I can look forward to? This is going to be exciting. [Ten Forward] (Troi putting the finger controls on Kolrami, while Worf is Riker's second. They are staring at each other across a board which will project a vertical game board) I wouldn't bet on us being here that long. Yeah, Data, I'd like to see your neural flex tear him down a peg. Come on, Commander, come on now. You can do it. You can get him. Come on, Commander. Come on, you got him, you got him, watch out. Here you go. (And the score at the top of the board reads - Riker 023, Kolrami 100)  There should be some emergency Bridge lighting here. (He finds it. We see the dust sheets and detail) Besides, Worf, if Engineering's anything like the Bridge, I'm going to have my hands full. (Riker sits and activates ship wide broadcast. We here the Original Series bosun whistle) Not good. There are only a few dilithium fragments left in the holding clamps. Even if we had crystals that were intact, there's no anti-matter to fuel the drive. No, sir. Sure, the system is functional. But without antimatter, what difference does it make? Wes, we've only got thirty two hours. And this isn't? [Hathaway Bridge] Easy now. Is that it? Good. Good work. All right, Hand me the connector on that kit. The hard part's going to be calibrating the thermal curve necessary to start a controlled reaction. Are we good? You'll have warp drive, Captain, though it may not be what you expected. We'll have warp one for about Sir, all of this is theoretical. Ever driven a Grenthemen Water Hopper? Ever popped the clutch?  Kumeh manoeuvre? Why would they start out with such a recognisable ploy? There are no guarantees here, sir. I think I hate this plan. Data, we're not even sure our warp jump [Observation lounge] LAFORGE Data, that's the one part of this plan that we're all absolutely sure about. [Bridge] What did you do?
There you are. What's wrong? O'Brien, Commander Riker's been injured. Lock on and bring him up. A scratch. Right. Sorry, Commander. We can't take any chances. We're the first survey team to set foot on this planet. We don't know what the risks are. [Transporter room] Well, can't the bio-filter screen them out? Acknowledged. We've been looking for it. No luck. Don't like my company? I'll watch where I step. Besides, how do we know that this bug doesn't like androids more than it likes humans? Because I know exactly where Commander Riker was when it happened. He was right over here. A graveyard? Data, that a look at this. (an external root) Careful. I'm not so sure. I can see thermal variations. Let it go for a second, Data. Let's try something. Perhaps it likes humans more than androids. I'm counting on those great android reflexes of yours. (Even as he spoke, the root moved towards Geordi, and Data grabbed it) That must be what we're looking for. Stand by, O'Brien. Got it. Energise! [Transporter room] Thanks, O'Brien. Another minute, and we'd have been fossils ourselves. Here's your sample, Captain. Come on, let's go! [Bridge] Commander, we are out of time. This ship is blowing.
Yeah, but that's im. Yes, sir. (La Forge and O'Brien leave) Our first attempt. About like you'd expect, sir. That's the short definition of Captain. [Main square] (A crowd is gathering under the street lights) Captain, we can do it. We can modify the transporters. It'll take fifteen years, and a research team of a hundred. Yes, sir. [Planet surface]
Unable to reset. In the computer log for that time period. Aye, sir. Working on it, Captain. (The air clears)
The house is a typical settlement structure with adaptations. Its thermal properties all seem to conform to known materials. Commander, wait. There's something concealed under the surface (too late. Riker has triggered an booby trap and is now hanging upside down from a pole. An elderly man challenges them) Maybe they're being held hostage in some fashion? I'll get you to nine point three seven in fifteen seconds. [Bridge] Bridge to Captain Picard. You had better come see this. (Picard and Riker enter) Captain. Commander. The house is back. Trees, grass, everything. Happened right in front of us. He's in the turbolift.
We've finished replicating the parts they'll need, but what I don't understand is why a three man station would need a reactor capable of producing four point two gigawatts. A hologram generator. Oh, a duck blind. Right. They're anthropologists. The framework's still charged, so watch it. [Path] (Bronze age proto-vulcan apparently means slanted eyebrows, pointed ears and nineteenth century farm worker clothing) Almost there. [Hillside] (Liko and Oji have climbed up to investigate the flashes, and can see the duckblind quite clearly now) That should do it. (It does. Oji sees the window disappear and be replaced by the cliff face. Curious, she investigates) [Sickbay]
There are five more just like them. All identical to the one that killed Lieutenant Aster. Yeah, but, well, it seemed like they were left there to be found. I don't know, Captain, but it was pretty obvious that they'd been recently pulled out of the ground and defused. [Room] All systems are functioning normally. Still, there's this fluctuation in the containment field. I can't account for it. I'd say they're running the manifestation off our own energy. Increasing the shield harmonics to match our own antimatter containment fields will probably sever the beam. Anti-matter containment pods reading nominal. Engineering, this is La Forge. Shut down power to all transporters. I'm on my way. Understood, Commander. [Corridor] (Marla marches Jeremy down the corridor straight into a forcefield. They turn around and meet another one. Picard exits the turbolift) It's looking over everything, Commander, going to school. Let's just hope it doesn't blow us to kingdom come while it's figuring out how to blow us to kingdom come. (The blue energy dives into a control panel) [Transporter room] Bypassing the manual override. Shutting it down. [Bridge]
Another Coco-no-no? Yeah. Yeah, me too. Oh, I almost forgot. (He snaps his fingers, and a gypsy violinist appears and plays while Geordi makes a very bad attempt at putting his arm around her shoulder) Too chilly? I can turn down the breeze. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. (to the gypsy) Knock it off. [Ten forward] (Wesley and Data are playing 3D chess. Outside is a field of planetary fragments) Don't you have anything stronger than this, Guinan? Would it help? Tell me something, Guinan. You're a woman, right? What is it that you want in a man? As a woman. What's the first thing you look at? His mind. Of course. Seriously? Why? I'd like to do that. I mean, take care of somebody. I just don't get it, Guinan. I can field strip a fusion reactor. I can realign a power transfer tunnel. Why can't I make anything work with a woman like Christi? It's like I don't know what to do, I don't know what to say. You're different. But I'm not trying now. Matter-anti matter mixture ratio settings at optimum balance Reaction sequence corresponding to specified norms. Magnetic plasma transfer to warp field generators per programme specs. Commander, we should be going like a bat out of hell. [Bridge] With the engines idling, the energy loss has been limited, but our reserves will be depleted in less than three hours. We won't be able to hold our shields in place. No, sir.  They didn't have much success with this problem, Commander. Won't do much for our energy conservation, Captain. So why can't we move? Computer. As we increased our power levels, was there any counter-reaction? So it kept us from forming a subspace field for the warp drive? Computer, who is this L. Brahms? Junior member, huh? Looks like she wrote the book on propulsion. Call up subspace design logs. Voice entries. Geordi La Forge. How're you doing, Doc? Yeah, down to work. You're absolutely right. [Bridge] Computer, generate a cross section image of the dilithium crystal chamber. What about re-orienting the crystal? Sorry, can't wait. You and me, Leah, we've got just two hours to figure this thing out. You know what I need to do? I need to get inside there. I need to be able to turn that thing inside out. Computer, is there a cross section image we can replicate on a holodeck? Prototype? Elaborate. Perfect. Recreate it in holodeck three. Stay with me, Doc. [Corridor] Ready, computer? Damn. Right back where it all started. Whoa, this is incredible. Leah, did you design this? That's the visiting dignitary talk. What's the inside story? Off the record. Great. Another woman who won't get personal with me in the holodeck. Leah, I want to find a way to supplement the energy supply to the ship and to the engines. Could we alter the matter-antimatter paths? Well, this is your baby. Show me which ones. (A hand on his shoulder makes him look round. There she is, a brunette in seriously padded shoulders) Computer, did I ask for a simulation? I did do that, didn't I? Okay, well, it's good to see you, Leah. Continue your analysis. Then, if we use multiple injector streams, hitting more than one crystal facet, we could do it, we could hold our own. Leah, you're beautiful. La Forge to Picard. Captain, we've found a way to extend the matter-antimatter energy supplies. [Bridge] Sorry, Commander, we haven't addressed that one yet. First priority was to maintain the shields. [Bridge] Thanks, Captain. We're all smiles down here. (Except Leah is an immobile hologram awaiting a question) [Bridge] 452 through system L-575. Impact analysis, computer. Yes! All right! Computer, do you have any, you know, personality on file for Doctor Brahms? Did she ever debate at the intergalactic caucuses on Chaya Seven? Never mind the dates. Computer, if you add data from all these sources, could you synthesise a true representation of Doctor Brahms? I can live with that. Do it. (Leah takes a breath, then smiles) Doctor Brahms? Right. Yeah. Yeah! Yeah!. [Bridge] No, no, no! You can't boost the warp power that way! I want to give us enough power to strengthen the shields and barrel out of here, not blow us up! I don't care if you built it with your bare hands out of an old Ferengi cargo ship, it's going to go (whee boom) and we're going with it. And I'm not used to dying. Okay, look. You worked in a lab on a static model. This is a working machine. It's got tens of thousands of light years on it. Damn right. Listen, we'd never be certain that the circuit paths are sealed. I know my ship. Inside and out. You know, I always wished that a Chief Engineer could be present when a ship is being built. Well, you're there now. On my way, Commander. Don't go away. I mean, computer, save programme. [Bridge] We won't be able to maintain energy reserves. We might even lose a few circuits in the new configuration. Not enough to shut down our engines, but if we don't make it I don't know that I can hold the shields. Wouldn't that increase the output of the subspace processors to gain a quicker response time? Yeah, but how do we reconfigure? Computer, override standard procedure. What? Computer! [Observation lounge] (Sitting in the light of the stars) Yes, sir. In fact, I need to get some back. I'm running a programme on holodeck three. [Observation lounge] To the earliest construction entries of the Enterprise. I've created a propulsion design model to assist me. [Observation lounge] Computer, resume holodeck three programme. Somehow we have to generate enough energy to get out of here, but we've got a booby trap that eats energy for breakfast. How do we fool it, block it, shut it down, anything? Okay, we know for every movement the Enterprise makes, there's a counter movement by the energy field. Can we use that to our advantage somehow? Yeah. Yes! (working at a console) Leah, you like Italian food? Okay. Fusion reactor uplink to navigation processor. (But it's not that straight forward) But then we have to adjust the vector processor and the drive coils. This is impossible. (Leah massages his shoulders) Don't do that. I don't want to feel that good right now. What time is it? God, what am I supposed to tell the Captain? It's possible and yet it's not possible. Everything we've done says we can't adjust that fast, but if we could, it might work. Data couldn't even do it. It'll take a hundred, maybe even a thousand adjustments every second. How are you going to do it? It's humanly impossible. You mean the computer could do it. (Picard enters) Captain. Captain, this is a holographic simulation of one of the propulsion experts who designed the Enterprise engines. Leah Brahms. We've, I've been examining the force-counter force response times, trying to see if we could create linkage at maximum power. There's a chance we could manoeuvre out of this trap if we turn the ship over to the computer. I don't know yet, but we could programme it and try it out on a few simulated runs. I think so, sir. [Ready room] Computer, reduce thrust levels another four percent. Adjust trajectory angle to compensate. Begin simulation again. Repeat simulation, same levels. You see? Same variables, only this time the computer didn't quite make it. (Red alert sounds) And it might not. I can't ask Captain Picard to turn the ship over to a computer. Captain. [Bridge] There is another way, Captain. Two minutes, please. [Bridge] No, no, wait. Listen. Turn it completely around. Literally. Come at it from the opposite direction. God, it's so simple it might even work. Okay, computer, new simulation. [Bridge] Everything we've tried to do has been based on overpowering the trap. More energy, faster adjustments. But that's exactly what we can't do because that's what we're supposed to do. That's the booby trap. The answer lies in our own computer, the mind. The best piece of engineering we'll ever need. Not if we shut everything off. One blast of everything we've got left for a microsecond to beat the inertia and then we shut it all down, except minimal life support and two thrusters. No impulse engines. No computer. The numbers say it's even money. It's no better than turning it over to the computer, but no worse either. But I say forget the numbers. There's no way the computer can compensate for the human factor. The intuition, the experience. I've run the simulations, Captain. If you want, I'll take the conn. Shutting down all systems. With pleasure, sir. You know, I've always thought that technology could solve almost any problem. It enhances the quality of our lives. Lets us travel across the galaxy. Even gave me my vision. But sometimes you have to turn it all off. Even the gypsy violins. Different programme. Maybe we can do it again some time. Computer, exit holodeck. End programme. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Not too bad, Commander. A lot of charged-particle precipitation, but I can compensate. Commander! Picking up something on the positron scan. Over here. Some electrically conductive objects. (Metallic debris) Picking up traces of ultritium residue. An explosive device must've been used to destroy the craft after it crashed. Worf! Worf! Commander Riker! [Galorndon Core] Worf! Commander Riker! [Galorndon Core] Worf! Captain's log, Stardate 43349.2. An unidentified distress signal has led to the discovery of a crashed Romulan vessel on the surface of Galorndon Core, a Federation planet. We have recovered one survivor, but Lieutenant Commander La Forge did not report back with the away team and is still missing. [Transporter room] A stationary neutrino source. Wesley Crusher. Thank you, Wesley. (So he heads off towards it, and someone comes up behind him and knocks him out. Another Romulan. When Geordi wakes up, his own phaser is being pointed at him) Right. Congratulations. Surely a strategic triumph for the Romulan Empire. My shoes are getting full of sand. I just hate that, don't you? Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge. I don't think I got yours? I don't think so. You see, we heard your message too and well, the fleet's in, Commodore. Sky's full of Federation ships. I never lie when I've got sand in my shoes, Commodore. Seriously, the only one way out of here is for you to put that thing down and soon as there's a window in the storm (There's a rock fall, and Bochra gets hit badly. Geordi helps him up and carries him into the nearest cave) [Cave] Are you okay? (Bochra has hung onto the phaser, and points it at Geordi again) You gotta be kidding. Welcome to Galorndon Core, where no good deed goes unpunished. [Crusher's office] I sure wish you'd put that away. You bet I am. Who isn't? Right. Ah, the Romulan path to glory. You really believe that stuff, don't you, Commodore? Bochra? Good, solid Romulan name. What's the matter? Wrong. Your heart rate just shot way up. (taps the Visor) It translates a wide range of radiation into neural impulses. Allows me to see. Yes. I was born that way. What kind of question is that? Of course they let me live. Whoa. I must be having some sort of polarity shift. The diagnostic insists everything's fine. Hey, hey, your body temperature's gone up another full point. I don't know. It must be this place, all that electromagnetic soup, it's wreaking havoc on our nervous systems. Your metabolism's messed up, so's my interface with the Visor. We've got to get out of here while we still can. Bochra Bochra. Bochra, you're in bad shape and my vision's getting worse. Now there's a beacon out there that'll get us back to my ship, but not if I can't find it. Then stay here and die. I don't know. I might, if I thought it was necessary. If the stakes were high enough. But they'd have to be pretty damn high. I guess I'd make a pretty lousy Romulan, huh? Bochra, there are times when it is necessary to die for one's ideals. Do you believe this is one of those times? (Bochra puts down the phaser) Come on. Let's go find that beacon. Whoa! Everything's gone blank. I'm blind. [Riker's quarters] My synapses must be turning to jelly. The Visor's fine. I just can't see a thing. We don't. Bochra, we're lost, unless you've got something that can smell neutrinos. Tricorder? It's not set up to detect neutrinos. That's crazy. They don't speak the same language. Besides, I'd never be able to get an accurate sampling. Wait a second. Wait, I wouldn't need an accurate sampling, just need a pointer. A neutrino Geiger counter. No, it's still not possible. Under normal circumstances, maybe. Here, no way. Because I can't see. Adapting the neural output pods of the Visor is tricky work. It can't be done by touch. Make sure the scanner select limiter matches the Visor output range. Now, place the neural output pods in contact with the tricorder scanner heads. Let her rip. We did it! The first Federation-Romulan co-venture. With any luck, there'll be an electromagnetic window opening up and we can get out of here. Can you walk? Let's find out. Come on. (he hauls Bochra up) Okay, let's go. Okay. Now we have to alter its signal pattern so the Enterprise knows we've found it. No, not with your help. [Bridge] You have my word on that. Good to be back, sir. Actually, I have Centurion Bochra to thank for it. Yes, sir. Come on.
Ferengi pod, this is Lieutenant Commander La Forge in the Enterprise shuttle. Would you care to take the point, Doctor? [Ferengi pod] You know, if this doesn't work, the thought of spending the rest of my life in here is none too appealing. I'm picking up an increase in accretion matter filtering in from the terminus. (they come out into normal space) Ferengi pod, everybody in one piece over there? [Ferengi pod] Yeah, happy landings to you, too. What do you mean? We're on the other side of the wormhole, aren't we ? Maybe the Barzan readings were wrong. Data, my Visor's picking up subatomic fluctuations. Meson and lepton activity is definitely increasing. Something very strange is happening to this wormhole. [Exercise room] (Beverly is warming up when Troi runs in) I'm telling you, it's changing. [Ferengi pod] Your readings must be telling you the same things we're getting. This is not the Gamma Quadrant. [Ferengi pod] There are meson and lepton fluctuations. Local gravitational fields are increasing exponentially. Everything says we'd better get the hell out of here. [Ferengi pod] I can see it now and I'm telling you that you don't have time to wait. Not even forty seconds. Damn it, Arridor, we're seventy thousand light years away from our ships. Come on, now. Follow us in. We'll lead you. (no reply) Idiots. It's getting worse. I'm taking us in, Data. With or without them. Entering outer event horizon. [Ferengi pod] Barely. Trapped on the other side, sir. [Bridge] In the Delta Quadrant. We tried to warn them. They wouldn't follow us.
Artonian lasers. Tonkian homing beacons. Quite a collection. Setting seven ought to do it.
At that range, the shields won't be able to take much punishment, Captain. [Bridge] We've got the scout ship, Captain. [Bridge] Well, at least he's given us the chance to get a look at some Romulan technology close up. Slow playback. Display engine logs and power data of both vessels. Now watch what happens at zero nine five four three three on the clock. The scout has sustained engine damage, forcing him to slow to point six one five impulse power. The warship should overtake him, but it doesn't. Now, just two point six seconds later, the warbird slows to precisely the same speed. Three times, three speed fluctuations. The warship kept its distance every time. I don't think they wanted to catch up. I don't know, Data. My gut tells me we ought to be listening to what this guy's trying to tell us. It's just a feeling, you know? An instinct. Intuition. You're right. Sometimes they do. Because you just can't rely on the plain and simple facts. Sometimes they lie. What do you think? Is he a defector or not? Somehow I think we're going to catch the Romulans with their pants down on Nelvana Three, just like he says. A metaphor. Catching them in the act. Exactly. But you can't always go with your gut either. It's a combination, Data. Right, I'll put it to you this way. All these feelings that get in the way of human judgment, that confuse the hell out of us, that make us second guess ourselves, well we need them. We need them to help us fill in the missing pieces because we almost never have all the facts. Now you're getting it. Data. Look at this. The facts just took a left turn. [Ready room] The signal was so faint our ship sensors couldn't read it from this distance. We've tried. It's probably Romulan but we can't be sure. We've also picked up ionisation disturbances. Reading nothing but barren rock. I don't know. They might be able to hide a base from our probe. Its capabilities are limited. The only way we'll know for sure is if we go and take a look for ourselves. Any edge'll help, Captain. Power transfer fields may be pinched off. [Bridge]
Vessel's speed increasing to point oh two impulse. He's seen us, Data. (The little transport slips behind an asteroid, but only part emerges on the other side) That's the ship's drive section Sensors indicate wreckage on the asteroid's surface, Data. Without warp drive, there's no way he could be out of our range by now. Could it be the magnetic interference, Data? Tractor beam locking on, sir. He's making a suicide run. This guy's incredible. I'm all right. He took us by surprise. He came out of nowhere. I didn't think anyone could move that fast. Danar must have climbed up the reactor core and got into a Jefferies tube. He could be anywhere. That's twenty five decks up from here. Quite a climb, but I wouldn't put it past him. You want my advice? Double it! [Bridge]
Hey, guys. Come here. Look at this. The Rutian team picked up a faint nuclear vibration during the terrorist movements. Adaptive transport. It would certainly be untraceable by any standard method of detection. With an adaptive subspace echogram, maybe? Security to Engineering. (Geordi just manages to avoid a hail of bullets) [Bridge] Explosive charge on the main warp chamber. [Bridge] They've got it locked on somehow. Stand by. (He gets a laser tool and cuts it off the core) Transporter room, lock on my signal and stand by to transport two kilometres off the starboard nacelle. [Bridge] Transporter Room, now! (There's a bang in space) [Bridge] Transport complete, Captain. I have a man down. [Bridge] Another millisecond, there'd have been a big dust cloud orbiting Rutia instead of the Enterprise.
We'd need to apply a delta vee of about four kilometres per second. Even with warp power to the tractor beam, it would mean exceeding recommended impulse engine output by at least forty-seven percent. It'd be like [Bridge] Impulse engines passing safety limits. We're seconds [Bridge] We've done everything by the book and a little extra. We need more time or more power, and we're short on both. I'll take a look and see if there are any rules I haven't broken. The moon will hit its perigee in ten hours. Now, we match its trajectory, increase emitter coolant rate so we can apply continuous warp-equivalent power nine to the tractor beam. We can push it for nearly seven hours and I think that just might do it. But, there's a problem. That's the problem. You see something here, Q? Q, I've got a few people down on Bre'el Four who are going to be hurt You got a better idea? We've done that, Q, and there's no way to What? Redefine gravity? How am I supposed to do that? You know, this might work. We can't change the gravitational constant of the universe, but if we wrap a low level warp field around that moon, we could reduce its gravitational constant. Make it lighter so we can push it. Increasing to forty percent. [Bridge] Adjusting shield harmonics, diverting power to the forward grids. [Bridge] Aren't designed to envelop such a large volume. But I'm attempting to modify their alignment parameters. I'm pretty sure we can do it manually. The moon will come to its perigee in fourteen minutes. [Bridge] The moon has reached its minimum orbital distance. It's time, Captain. [Bridge] Q, everybody already knows what they're going to do, except for you, Now here's what I need. Q, your experience will be most valuable to me if you can manually control the field integrity. Q, get to the controls or get the hell out of here. Data, you're my liaison to the Bridge. I'll need you with me. Engage field coils. Tractor beam to stand by. Field output? (nudges Q) Field output? Impulse engines to full. Ready to engage tractor beam. [Bridge] Extending warp field forward. Stand by, Captain. I can adjust the field symmetry to compensate. You don't know what this ship can do, Mister. Yes, Captain, I still believe it'll work. Increasing power and warp field and tractor beam. Shut up, Q. Data. It's working. We can move it. Firing impulse engines. [Bridge] We need all the power we have to get out of the atmosphere, Commander. (Once again, the light wraps itself around Q) Try activating the structural integrity field. (Q is pulled into the air. Data grabs his legs and the light wraps around him, too) It's not working. Structural field harmonics on manual. Diverting power to forward sections now. (Q falls back to the deck, Data also falls over, with residual electricity running over his body) [Sickbay] That charge nearly knocked out his positronic net. We can try to discharge and reset the motor pathways, recouple the autonomic nodes. Osmotic pressure still rising. Maybe we can by-pass the flow regulator. We'll let you know as soon as there's anything to tell you. All we did was buy ourselves another orbit, at most. We can try again when the moon comes back to its perigee. Commander, he's not worth it. [Ready room] We're recalibrating his language circuits, so he can't talk yet. Commander, the shields are frozen. Unknown. Tractor beam is not functioning either. [Bridge] Data? Data, why are you laughing?
Thank you, sir. He's still on the station, sir. Doctor Apgar wanted to have a word with him. Not with the scientific part of the mission, no, sir. I'm sure Commander Riker will be able to explain everything, Captain. No, sir. The Tanugans are right. Something was fired at the reactor core just before transport. Not that I saw. Besides, how do you account for the fact that it came from Commander's Riker's exact position. Damn it, I should have stayed with him. I don't recognise it. Not even the main deflector puts out that kind of spillage. I don't know, Wes, but whatever it is, it's capable of putting a hole in solid duranium. [Holodeck - Space Station Lab] (Krag enters with Manua, in demure neck to ankle dress) If this should happen in the engine core or the anti-matter containment tanks, we'll be in big trouble, Captain. We're expecting it in just over five hours. It's the field generator that Apgar during in his research. When it's fully charged, it automatically emits an energy pulse and then takes five hours, twenty minutes and three seconds to recharge itself. But we knew that somehow it was related to our radiation bursts and then the pieces started just falling together. For the last several hours, the Enterprise has been experiencing unusual radiation bursts. We've identified them as Krieger waves. From right here. Inside the holodeck. Including the Krieger wave converter that Doctor Apgar claimed didn't work. Except it does work. Well, it didn't. When you get down to basics, the converter is nothing more than a complex series of mirrors and reflective coils. The energy from the field generator down on the planet simply reflects off of elements in the convertor which turns it into highly focused Krieger waves. But if he could turn this into a weapon it would be worth a lot to the Romulans, the Ferengi and a few others. Now Doctor Apgar had been ordering extra dicosilium for months. That's a pretty good indication that he was trying to create larger reflective coils. We are hypothesising that Doctor Apgar energised the converter at the moment of Commander Riker's beam-out, hoping to make his death look like a transporter accident. But something went wrong. The energy pulse hit the transporter beam and reflected back to the reactor, which caused the explosion. Not really. We know that the field generator on the planet has been repeating a discharge ever since the explosion. The intervals are like clockwork, except the explosion occurred point zero zero one four seconds after the initial discharge. And the only explanation for that variance is the time it would take the energy pulse to bounce back from the transporter beam to the reactor. Computer, load programme, La Forge one. Coordinate auto-engage time sequence. The next discharge from the field generator is scheduled to occur in just a few moments, and we've aligned the holodeck programme to recreate the final events as Commander Riker described them. Only this time our facsimile will automatically process the energy charge from the planet and reflect it just as the original convertor did before the explosion.
It's pretty bad, Commander. Looks like they were in a hell of a fight. I think we can do it. I'll have to get to Engineering though. La Forge to damage control team alpha. Meet me on Engineering level three. Unless we were to re-arm them with modern How could Guinan know that history has been altered if she's been altered along with the rest of us? Yeah, who knows if we're dead or alive. [Turbolift] Engineering to bridge. Starboard power coupling is down. Containment field generator three is damaged. Attempting to bypass. [Bridge] Antimatter containment fields are failing. If I can't stabilise them, I'll have to dump the reactor core or she'll blow! [Bridge] I can't hold the antimatter containment fields. Initiating emergency shutdown! (Something else goes bang) Coolant leak! Bridge, we have a coolant leak in the engine core! I can't shut it down. I estimate two minutes to a warp core breach! (Crew start to evacuate Engineering) Go! Go! Go! [1701D Bridge]
He sent for you too? Something happened at that cybernetics conference. Since he's come back he's spent every off duty minute in that lab. Now how would you know that? Ah ha. (Wesley pushes the button, and the door opens) Come on, Data, what is this? But nobody's ever been able to do that, Data, at least not since you were programmed.
Yes, sir. It's our new first officer. Just the entire section. He pulled a surprise inspection in the middle of a maintenance cycle! I tried to explain it to him We're all going to be doing double shifts down there just to ready for the next inspection. Yeah, but this isn't a Klingon vessel. He's going to have to loosen up, Commander. Except the one guy who wouldn't really mind it. [Bridge] It's not dead, it's been replicated. You do understand that we cook most of our foods. And then some. No offence, sir. It seems to agree with Worf. From Worf's father? We can cross check them against the Intrepid's sensor logs. Looks like a pretty good match-up, Data Those are gaps in the Intrepid's logs. Missing information due to the range. Wait a second, Data. Back up. Just before the Intrepid's gap begins, the timebase of both files are in perfect sync. But look. Look at what happens to the signal after the shields are dropped. Commander, somebody's been rewriting history. [Ready room]
Ouch. I'm thinking, I'm thinking. (The doorbell rings) Operating at ninety three percent, sir. No problem, Captain, I'll get right on it. No Captain, it's no problem. Lady Luck left me long ago. (La Forge leaves) Thank you, sir. Commander, what's the Captain up to? A Captain who's come to the poker game for the first time.
I've heard something about Ghorusda. Weren't there about forty people killed? Sorry. [Turbolift] So what happened? So that was Tam Elbrun. What happened was his fault? Looks like some kind of ship. A cybernetic organism like the Borg? Study as in dissecting, I'd bet. Unless they're pulling so much power for something else that they can't fully cloak. Ask the Romulans. If it is the Romulans. I'm working on it. Computer, reconfigure structural integrity power to feed inner deflector grid. To hell with the limits. Override. Authorization La Forge theta two nine nine seven. Russell, watch the lateral grid balance. No. no, no, that's too much. We're going to have to do it manually. La Forge to Bridge. Captain, I'm trying to feed the inner grid by stealing some power from the structural integrity field. You should have partial shielding in thirty minutes. We've got impulse power, but I've got to take the warp engines offline while we recalibrate the intermix regulators. For everything, or just for the warp engine? Commander, we're looking at twenty hours work here, double shifts. I know. Okay, first thing we need to do is get the main computer working right. Commander, whatever Tin Man hit us with, it fried circuits I thought were unfryable. Right. First priority, get the shields up. Only let's not have any more surprises till I'm done, okay? Russell, reactivate the sensor assemblies. Okay, let's do a programme reload, port array only. Good. That's good. Computer, run level two diagnostic. Damn. Not good. I think all the control processors are shot. But maybe if I swap the chips from the secondary array, I can give you a minimum EM scan. Okay Russell, we're going to try starting retro sensor element thirty two only. You in? Go. The good news is that we have partial long range sensors. La Forge to Bridge. I'm picking up another echo on the long range sensor display here. You getting that [Bridge] But shields won't help if that star explodes. [Ready room]
Lieutenant Barclay, you're on duty. It is, and you'll observe it. So get back to your post. I just don't know what to do with him. The guy's always late, he never gives his best effort, just slides by. I'm telling you, I can't deal with it anymore. I mean, how does a guy like that make it through the Academy? It fits. (An engineer is checking some containers on a pallet) You'd better destroy it. Those samples'll be tainted. (Barclay enters and tries to hide behind some boxes) Hey! Is it a problem for you to report to duty on time, Lieutenant? I don't want to hear it. Now, we're having an intermittent problem with this anti-grav unit. I want you to see what you can do. Computer, activate anti-grav unit. (It rises smoothly, then starts to wobble, throwing a canister off, before returning to the ground) La Forge to Engineering. I'll need more people in Cargo Bay Five. Anyone you can spare. La Forge out. We could use a hand, Mister Barclay. I hate to say it but, I always thought I could work with anybody. But I just don't understand this guy. Broccoli makes me nervous, Captain. He makes everybody nervous. Captain, it's not like I haven't tried. With all respect, sir, my best friend? I can barely tolerate being in the same room with the man. Yes, sir. [Cargo bay] (Barclay is cross-legged on the floor, examining the components of the anti-grav sled) Hey, Reg. How, er, how's it going? That's all right. There's no problem. Smart plan. I'd say we're in good hands here. Whenever. Fine. Say, Reg, how about sitting in on the mission briefing with my senior officers in the morning? I'd like your input. No, no, just be there. Eight hundred hours. Good. Good. Carry on. [Engineering] Morning. Start your brains, gentlemen, and let's do it. Has anybody seen Lieutenant Barclay? Okay. (Barclay arrives) Okay. This trip to Nahmi Four is pretty routine, so we'll have plenty of time to realign the magnetic capacitors on both the matter and anti-matter injectors. Duffy, Costa, that'll be your assignment. That's a good idea. Ensign Crusher will putting in some hours with us this week as part of his training duties, so I'll be assigning him to assist you, Mister Myers. Be sure and teach him the difference between impulse and warp drive, please. Lieutenant Barclay has working on the mystery of the anti-grav failure we had yesterday. Your preliminary report had a couple of interesting theories, Reg. Why don't you bring us all up to speed on your findings so far. But we shouldn't ignore the possibilities, Wes. Good. Okay, then let's go over the realignment procedure. Gentlemen. [Troi's office] It's not that you did anything wrong, Wes. It's just that Barclay's, well, he's my new project. I just need to draw him out some more. Data's absolutely right. The nickname stops here and now. Captain's orders. (Duffy picks up his glass, which has an impression of his fingers on it and promptly leaks from the bottom) A problem with the replicator? I can't detect any residual radiation or unusual chemical compounds that would have caused this. That means a complete diagnostic check of the Enterprise power systems. All four thousand of them. Do I have the perfect man for this job. Hey, Reg. Busy? I've got another mystery for you. Somehow the molecular structure of this cup from Ten Forward has been altered. We need to run through the power systems to see if there's a leak that caused this. You were? I wouldn't bother you with something this minor, Commander, but it may be a symptom of a more serious problem. We'll have a better idea after Mister Barclay runs a check on the power systems. Figures. I don't know. I'm just trying to figure the man out. Do you ever talk to him? Does he have any friends? What do you do with a guy like that? Yeah, well, I'm not so lucky. I can't let him be. He's my problem. How do you know that? Well, then maybe he's in the wrong line of work. That's not it, Guinan. He just doesn't fit in here. What? Did you? Maybe I'm not make myself clear, Guinan. Barclay, well, he's always late. The man's nervous. Nobody wants to be around this guy. Guinan, that's not the point. Computer, where is Lieutenant Barclay? [Holodeck - Glade] Reg? (He comes upon a Gainsborough tableau - Beverly on a floral swing and Wesley in blue, eating cake. There's a white parakeet in a cane cage too) Beverly? Wesley ? Well, I guess I want Master Barclay. You cannot withstand our assault forever, Barclay. Now, wait a minute. Hey, Barclay, I've spent a few hours on the holodeck too, you know. Now, as far as I'm concerned what you do in the holodeck is your own business, as long as it doesn't interfere with your work. I don't think everybody would appreciate your imagination like I do. It is kind of unusual, recreating people you already know. Let me guess. I don't know. There's a part of this that's kind of therapeutic. Maybe you ought to talk to Counsellor Troi about it. I'd like to help, if I can. You're just shy, Barclay. Go ahead. [Transporter room] On my way, Chief. Listen, Reg. I really do want you to talk to Counselor Troi. I mean it. As your friend and as your commanding officer. [Transporter room] Seems normal enough to me. I'm glad I don't have anywhere to go. Chief Engineer's log, stardate 43808.2. A systems analysis of transporter room three has yielded no suggestion of a cause for the latest malfunction aboard the Enterprise. [Transporter room] We don't know, sir. And we don't know why only transporter room three is affected. None of the other transporter rooms are malfunctioning. Could we make that fourteen hundred hours, sir? I've got him working on something. Barclay? Yes, I can imagine. Were you able to do anything for him? Lieutenant Barclay, report to the Bridge. Lieutenant Barclay, report. I'll get him. Counsellor, you'd better come along. [Corridor] I think you should know Barclay's been running some unique programs. Like I said, Commander, Barclay's been running some unusual programs. Commander I don't think there's any regulation against Just tell us where to find Barclay. (The musketeers sit down instead) Oh, my God. Well, I'm not in Engineering, sir. I'm in holodeck two. Not exactly, but I'll return to Engineering immediately, sir. [Bridge] I'd like to very much, Captain. La Forge out. We need to find Barclay now. Commander, Barclay and I had better get to Engineering. Reg, you had a chance to get some help from the real Counsellor Troi but instead you went back in there. You're going to be able to write the book on holodiction. Look, I know how easy it is to get caught up in it. I fell in love in there once. But I knew when it was time to turn it off and say goodbye. It wasn't easy, but I did it. I need you out here, Reg. Now more than ever. [Engineering] The injectors aren't responding to the diagnostic commands. La Forge to Bridge. [Bridge] Override. We can't shut it down, Captain. Antimatter flow is increasing. She's accelerating out of control. [Bridge] I'll let you know as soon as we have some. La Forge out. Okay, this ship is going to start tearing itself apart in fifteen minutes. I want every idea on the table. I don't care how outrageous. No, I already tried that. The magnetic fields won't reset. If they were, the swirl dampers would be frozen too and they aren't. There's nothing wrong with the computer control protocols or the power transfer systems. As far as we can determine, the injectors are just physically jammed. What's the connection? [Bridge] None of the systems involved interact directly with each other. I don't see anything in common. It was your glass, Duffy and both of you were present in the cargo bay when the anti-grav failed. Computer, list all physical substances that wouldn't normally be picked up by an internal scan. Great. And how many of those can exist in an oxygen atmosphere? And could alter molecular structure when it comes in contact with glass. On screen at this station. Duffy. Right. Yeah, we'd all be dead by now. That leaves saltzgadum and invidium, neither of which has been used for decades. Wait a minute, wasn't invidium used in medical containment fields? La Forge to Bridge. We have a working theory, Captain. There's a good possibility we picked up some Invidium from a broken canister in the cargo bay [Bridge] Understood, Commander. We're on our way to cargo bay five for confirmation. [Cargo bay] Nothing on the tricorder. If it's in there it should show up on one of the polarity channels. (Barclay puts his gloved hand into a container. They detect sparkles on it) Duffy and O'Brien picked up the broken canister and became contaminated. La Forge to Bridge. Invidium has been confirmed. [Bridge] Mister Barclay and I thank you, sir. The ship has been seriously contaminated with invidium, sir. Recommend we set course for Starbase one two one for a complete systems and bio-decontamination. Glad you were with us out here in the real world today, Mister Barclay. [Bridge] (Reg walks in and stands in front of the viewscreen) You'll always be welcome here, Reg.
Shuttle twelve containment field reads nominal. Now leaving the Jovis. Containment field stable. Gravitational fluctuations within acceptable parameters. Flight pattern (Shuttlepod Pike goes Ka-BOOM! Stunned expressions all round) Unknown, Commander. That will barely allow us to complete our mission, Captain, but it leaves us no margin for error. I always thought he'd outlive us, by centuries. (Wesley uncovers a painting) You know what a critic Data was, especially about his own work. (Geordi opens a drawer and takes out a book. Shakespeare, I think) And he should have it back. (Cards and poker chips) Data always fell for Riker's bluffs. (A box with eight medals in it) Not bad for a walking pile of circuitry and memory cells. (and the hologram of Tasha Yar) You know, I keep going over and over the accident in my mind, trying to figure out what went wrong. I can see Data in the shuttle, almost like I'm sitting there next to him going through the departure sequence. What the hell happened? Why didn't I see it coming? What am I missing? [Fajo's den] The reason I can't find anything is that there's nothing there to find. I've run this analysis dozens of times over and there's just no indication of any malfunction. Yeah, there's one, but I don't believe it. Pilot error. Captain, it's not only hard to accept, with Data it's impossible. I mean, I can't even begin to calculate the odds. If Data were here, we could ask him. I don't know, sir. It just doesn't make sense, and I like things to make sense, that's all. A little rest isn't going to change the computer analysis, Commander. I understand, sir. I did miss something. [Corridor] (Deanna is talking to a woman when Worf comes by) Computer, now replay shuttle audio transmission time index zero four two three. This is Data's second trip. Exactly the same. That's protocol. And that's Data. Following protocol to the letter. Okay, computer, now replay shuttle audio transmission, time index zero four three nine. Third and final trip. That's it. That's the last communication. Of course, there really wasn't any reason for him to make voice contact. He knew we'd be monitoring his position. Any other pilot might not bother, but Data? not following standard procedures? I'm not sure, Wes. I suppose he could've been too busy. Maybe he saw something was wrong. Which means maybe something was wrong with him. But there's no other indication of that. Nothing he said or did during the entire mission. None. I sure wish I could talk to the last people who saw him alive. [Fajo's den] (Data is in the overall when Fajo and Varria enter with a guest) A class two probe has been loaded with the hytritium compound and is ready to launch. [Bridge] According to these figures, the eighty one kilos [Bridge] What, to make a profit from his sale of hytritium? What if Data wasn't on that shuttle?
Well, I'm sure not. What smell? What can I say? To us it's a slime pit, but to them it's home. What, are you in some kind of hurry or something? A date? With who? Really? She's very attractive. I've got to admit, Wes, I'm a bit surprised. No, that you'd actually have the nerve to ask her. Way to go. (Sarek, Picard et al enter) Okay, lock it off. What's your hurry? You don't really think something's going to happen with Suzanne Dumont, do you? What's that supposed to mean? Let me tell you something. You'd get more action out of a good book than you'll ever see on this date, I'll guarantee it. She's not going to waste her time on someone like you. She's way out of your league. Compared to you, every male on this ship is an expert on women. What did you say? Yeah, I heard you. Just what do you think is going to stop No, sir. Nothing wrong here. No, sir. [Ship's theatre] (The band is tuning up, and the audience is arriving) Hey, hey guys. Is there some kind of problem here? There are plenty of other tables, right? Why don't I get everyone another round of drinks? All right? [Corridor] I wish I knew. The next thing I know somebody's left hook is on its way to my chin.
Not so fast, Wesley. Pre-processing the data with an optical chip was your idea. Fifteen hours from Gamma Erandi, and already the subspace static is playing hell with communications. Not to worry, you will. And when you return, we'll be gaining the best ensign in the fleet. I'm sure Captain Picard will request you. That is, if he's still commanding the Enterprise when you graduate. Listen, Wesley. I felt the same way when I left my family to go to the Academy. But it was one of the best times of my life. You're going to meet new friends and have adventures that you can't even imagine yet. The Ferengi ship is almost as fast as the Enterprise. She could be anywhere by now. If I narrow the band and tie in long range sensors to the subspace scanners, I can boost the gain. Thanks for your help, Wes, but you'd better get aboard the Bradbury. They were ready to break orbit an hour ago. Initiating scans now, Captain. Ferengi codes are damn near impossible to break. That's Cochrane distortion. A fluctuation in the phase of the subspace field. All warp engines generate that kind of interference.
That's her. The one on the right. Don't stare. Because she'll see. But what would I say? Thanks, Worf. That helps a lot. (A girl in a short skirt brings a couple of glasses back to the bar) Hi. Good. I, er. Fine. They, they've been fine. What's this all about, Commander? We can beam him out from under there, get him right up to Sickbay. Right here. Okay. (Something golden leaps from the injured man into Geordi's head via the neural thingummyjig) I'm fine. No problem. Can I go now, Doc? Could've told you that. I feel great. (Geordi leaves as Picard enters) I'm telling you Data, there's got to be some way to decode the information in this thing. Yeah, and the computer still can't analyse the specific chemical elements involved. It's got to be part of the data processing system. What if it's a feedback loop controller? We found it near the escape pod's instrumentation assemblage. This capsule might process the ship's dynamic motions and augment its manual control inputs. We could send it a few test signals, make it think the entire assemblage was awake and operating. I am relaxed. In fact, I've never felt better. But you know, Worf, you're right. The storage capsule can wait awhile. (He goes over to the object of his earlier failed attentions) Christi, you're not leaving, are you? Would you care for some company? There are a lot of things you don't know about me. (Geordi and Christi leave) Yeah, I'll be there. Deck six. Every night this week. I guess I have. This whole last month or so everything seems to be going my way. I don't know what it is, but something sure has changed around here. Me? I'm the same old guy I always was. Well, maybe I am a little bit more confident than I used to be. [Sickbay] (O'Brien enters, wearing a wetsuit and clutching his arm) Data, I was thinking about the storage capsule last night and I was wondering, what if we've been going about this thing the wrong way? We've been trying to analyse its mechanical properties. What if it is a biochemical storage medium? Well, it does contain quantities of nucleic acids. Computer, scan the storage capsule. Analyse molecular sequences on nucleic acid chains. (and on the science station screen appears -) Well. what do you know. A navigational chart. I knew it. Captain? I'm not giving up yet. Not after coming so close to cracking this thing. You know, that might be flight path information from John's ship, but without a frame of reference, I can't determine its origin points. Which means that this might be a rotational time reference. Bingo! Now, Computer, overlay navigational chart using referenced pulsars and project a flight path back to it's origin. That's it, Captain. That's where John Doe came from. Okay, let's realign the magnetic inducer on the starboard nacelle. (John appears in the control gallery. Beverly, Worf and two guards enter the main bay) Doc. John, I really want to thank you. I don't know how, or even why, but down on the planet you gave me something. A new confidence. They're as fast and probably just as manoeuvrable.
Fold. Again. He's got the straight flush, folks. With three jacks? What, are you kidding? Wesley, you may get straight A's in school, but there's a lot you need to learn about poker. You got him. [Transporter room] That's not what she meant, Data, but you're right. She erred. Might indicate high output auxiliary generators kicking in. Well, from what I've seen, I can't believe any of these new weapons systems can be ready in less than eighteen months, Commander. We'll have to go through the specs again, but. I don't know. My mind's turned to clay. At the same time, we'll be retuning phasers to higher EM base emitting frequencies to try to disrupt their subspace field. It's a shot in the dark, Captain. But for now it's the best we can do. The shields are being probed. I'm modulating nutation. [Bridge] Shield modulation has failed. They've locked on. [Bridge] Trying to recalibrate nutation. Damn. [Bridge] Their subspace field is intact. New phaser frequencies had no impact. [Bridge] We're not moving. [Bridge] Computer. Evacuation sequence. Come on, move it, people! Let's go! Let's go! Hull rupture in main Engineering. The damage is pretty heavy. We lost a lot of good people down there. They didn't get to the core I can control functions from here. There's a two percent drop in power for an instant, but it is system wide. The phaser frequency spread was in a high narrow band. If we can generate a concentrated burst of power at that same frequency distribution, I mean a lot more than anything our phasers or photon torpedoes could ever provide. It's the only component of the Enterprise designed to channel that much power at controlled frequencies. I'm going to need to install higher capacity power transfers to the deflector dish, Commander. Better part of a day. She's a formidable presence, to say the least. But I'm convinced she can help us here, Commander. Recommend we adjust shield harmonics to favour the upper EM band when you proceed. Yeah, well, so far they haven't had any reason to worry about our defences. We're close. Few hours maybe. I know, I'll get it done in two somehow, but Commander, I going to need serious power from the warp engines to make this weapon work. So far we're using everything we've got just to keep up with them. It'll burn out the main deflector, but it'll be one hell of a bang. Diverting warp energy to main deflector. Commander, reading subspace field fluctuations from within the Borg ship. Looks like they're regenerating, restoring power. They could be capable of warp any minute. It's ready.
If we can generate a concentrated burst of power at that same frequency distribution. Deflector power approaching maximum limits. Energy discharge in six seconds. Can't maintain it much longer, Commander. Shutting down warp engines. We should be back up in eight to twelve hours, Admiral. Excellent. Forward shields at fifty eight percent. Aft shields sensors must be down Just the man I need. We're having some problems with the aft shields. Generators going on and offline. I could really use your help, Worf Still a couple hours. Commander Shelby can fill you in. I've gone over it four times. The local field distortion just wouldn't be strong enough to incapacitate them. maybe in concert with photon torpedoes we can slow them down. Docking latches clear, separation complete. [Battle bridge] Shields have failed. They've [Bridge]
La Forge here, sir. We're ready, Commander.
If we're going to maintain our realignment progressions we shouldn't be pushing warp eight for at least an hour. [Bridge] No, not yet. Computer, isolate cause of life support failure. How could that be? There are seven independent safety interlocks to prevent that. (Picard and Worf enter, then others) Captain, I believe we've found the problem, but it really doesn't make sense. Aye, sir. Full stop, Ensign. I'm going to have to do this at the manual input level, sir. Wes. Everything's locked up, Captain. We have no control of impulse or warp engines from here. Yes, sir. The separation sequence has been aborted, Captain. No matter what we try, the computer will only accept commands from the Bridge, sir. He's out! Security team approaching location. [Corridor] (The security team that see Data exit the turbolift get stopped by a forcefield, then the man who follows him) Captain, the quarantine field in Sickbay. Under normal circumstances, we could divert that field energy and use it to cancel the force field protecting the Bridge, but we have to retain the medical quarantine. Okay Doc, we're ready. If all goes well, you shouldn't notice a thing. Data! I was afraid of something like this. We can't even locate the file address. At least that would tell us how many digits we're talking about. Not that it would really help. It would figure. Sure. Everyone does. We'd have to access the transport controller, reset it to a testing mode, convince it that it's back in school accepting simulated inputs. That's not going to be easy without the main computer. But I suppose we could network a few tricorders together. Yes, sir. [Soong's lab] Down here. This, this is Doctor Noonian Soong. No, I'm telling you. Look at this stuff. It's Soong, all right. (Worf carries in Data from the living room. He is dressed in Lore's clothes. Riker goes over) Commander.
No, no, no, we're way ahead of schedule here. I'd be delighted. Mrs. Rozhenko? The theta-matrix compositer makes the recrystallisation process ten times more efficient than the old Excelsior class ships. Sure, Chief.
Wes, time for the experiment is over. I want my warp engines back now. Almost isn't good enough. You want to be the one to explain when the Captain says 'Engage' and we just sit here? Wesley! Computer, level two diagnostic on warp drive systems. Wesley, talk to me. Are you done? Aft thrusters, aye. Impulse power to the helm. [Corridor] (Beverly rings the doorbell twice, then taps in an override code) [Quaice's quarters] We did a test run while we were still at the starbase. Here's what the computer recorded. As you'll see in a moment, we couldn't. There was a momentary flash of light. It was all over the spectrum. Who knows. He could even end up outside of our space time continuum. No, sir. There are others missing? I've had a team in Sickbay for two hours. We've run the mass spectrometer on all particulates. We've scanned the EM spectrum in case there was a wave guide somehow leaking radiation. We've even crawled in the life support ductwork. Captain, I don't know what this vortex was that Doctor Crusher saw. Well, there's nothing there now. And no sign there ever was. No, sir. That bubble was definitely contained in Engineering. There's no way it could possibly have affected anything up on deck twelve. (Data enters) I'll go to the secondary equations. Damn. I'm sorry, Wesley. Acknowledged. Readying thrusters. Fifteen metres per second. We're going to lose it in about four minutes. We're ready, Commander. We're losing the bubble! (Beverly pauses, then launches herself through the middle of the vortex, landing with a grunt on the hard, real floor. Wesley collapses as the vortex does) Is there something wrong with that count, Doctor?
Tasha left you in the middle of all that? Captain, if I could get to the myographic scanner. I could install a booster on the device that would relay its signals to the Enterprise. Then we could track the men from up here. Transport a couple of photon grenades into the adjoining chamber. At minimum intensity it wouldn't kill anybody, but it would shake them up a bit. Damn! There's a lot of damage here. The myographic scanner is operational, but the power source keeps fluctuating. I can probably run a shunt from the convertor. Ten minutes? They've been moved so far underground it's been difficult to pinpoint their signatures. But the men are here, next to one of the Alliance headquarters. That's about two kilometres of solid granite above their heads. Not necessarily. We could use the ship's phasers to cut a shaft through the bedrock to this storage tunnel here. With a clear path through the rock, we'd be able to transport through the tunnel. That would put us close enough to get to the crewmen. But I'll need two hours to refit the ship's phasers for drilling. Phasers in alignment and ready to fire. One point six kilometres. Aye, sir. (The beam begins drilling into the planet surface) One point three kilometres. One point four. One point five kilometres. One point six kilometres. Deep enough for transport, sir.
We've completed our analysis of the bomb debris, Commander. And the entire device couldn't have been more than three cubic millimetres in size. There's one more thing. The bomb had a molecular-decay detonator. Klingons and Romulans working together? They've been blood enemies for seventy five years.
All right, Commander. You've got till your next birthday to get that right. I'm detecting high levels of volcanic gases. Sulphur dioxide, methane, hydrogen sulphide. We're okay for now, but I wouldn't want to spend my vacation here. Same here, Commander. I'm getting a lot of confusing readings here, That's good advice, Commander. We've got a sudden build up of gases here, especially methane. Oh, it's good to see you up and about again, sir. My visor? I'm sorry, sir. Doctor Crusher told us that you might not remember. I haven't need a visor since I got these cloned implants, Captain. (Worf is at Ops, and a Ferengi at helm) I've had to shut down the warp engines, Captain. Antimatter containment fields are fluctuating. It's nothing to worry about though. I'll have the engines back online in no time, sir. I'm running a level one diagnostic.
You know, I've noticed here that your manoeuvring thrusters are rigged in a configuration I've never seen before. Excuse me, Captain. I've run safety and operational inspections, Captain. Everything checks out all right, but I won't make any claims as to its comfort. The radiation levels from that ship are off the scale. You mean, it's a garbage scow. I don't like the idea of getting close enough to that barge to tow it. The radiation levels are so high we'd be risking the contamination of the entire crew. We could send over a construction module to attach thrusters to it. Then we could direct it through the asteroid belt from a safe distance. Thrusters are attached and ready, Commander. Prefire command transmitted. Thrusters to standby. We've lost one module. Correcting thrust vectors to compensate. We're already at the maximum limits of our towing speed, Commander. Yes, sir. Data, monitor the shearing effect on the beam. Increasing to one half impulse. Increasing to three quarters impulse. I can't divert any more power to the shields. We're already hitting our maximum thermal limits. Only other choice is to bring some other fusion reactors online, but we're running at peak coolant pressure. Ready, Commander. I'll be rotating the output of the auxiliary reactors, but it should still give us the power we need. Increasing to three quarters impulse. Full impulse. Most shuttlecraft hulls are made of duranium. You know, Dirgo had his manoeuvring thrusters rigged a funny way. Claimed it was more efficient. If one of them blew it might have left debris like that.
Checking. Looks like the field collapsed before we could enter warp. [Bridge] Everything down here seems normal enough, sir, but I suggest we take it a bit slower this time. [Bridge] There's nothing wrong down here. The engines are fine. [Bridge] They don't even give us enough for an educated guess. Okay, let's see what we've got. Nothing unusual here. The same reading as the ship sensors. No change. Whoa. What is that? Last time I saw anything that looked like that, I was skin-diving off the coral reefs at Bracas Five. [Troi's office] They have length and width, but not height. Virtually flat. Somehow, they're able to polarise the graviton field as they move about. We're caught in the wake. Best idea for now is to try a controlled overload of the warp drive. Jump directly to warp six. The laws of a three-dimensional universe say it should work. Don't know about a two-dimensional universe though. It's a shame we can't tell if they're sentient. We are ready to attempt a controlled overload jump to warp six. [Troi's quarters] Engines now. [Bridge] Engines disengaged, sir. [Bridge] Was absorbed by the graviton wake instead. It set up a torsional wave that rebounded back to the ship. [Bridge] Well, we wouldn't necessarily have to fire at them. Half a dozen photon torpedo bursts directly in their path could make them change course. No, Data's right. The principle is still the same. A cosmic string emanates a characteristic set of subspace frequencies as atomic particles decay along its event horizon. I could use the ship's parabolic dish to amplify and reflect those frequencies back toward the cluster. The Enterprise itself would echo the cosmic string. Data, we're picking up frequencies across the entire electromagnetic and lower subspace spectrum. Trying to isolate. Data, can you focus the reflector field for me? Good. Good, that's doing it. Patterns are converging. [Bridge] Stabilisers on. [Bridge] Graviton-wake field collapsing. [Bridge]
Next time, maybe I should break the good news. Hey, if you'd done it right the first time I wouldn't be back here so soon. Just try to keep my ears on straight today, all right? Hi Data. Here for a trim? What? Lunkhead? Well, just don't try it on the Captain. Yeah. He was just surprised, Data. He didn't mean to blow up like that. He knows that Keiko probably doesn't want to call off the marriage. She's just getting cold feet. Right. Don't worry, everything's going to be fine. She'll change her mind again. Absolutely. Trust me, they're going to get married. So you'd better find a gift. [Replicator centre] I can't find any system flaws in the unit, Captain. The Engineering status reports were all normal. None of the backups were activated and the autosequencers were all functioning normally. Yes, sir. Romulan transporters operate on a similar subspace frequency to our own. With only minor adjustments, they can be made to simulate our own transporter carrier wave.
And with long range sensors, we've been scanning a radius of ten light years. We can effectively scan one sector in a day.
The best magicians will never let you see what's up their sleeve, Counsellor. Captain Picard? Captain, I wasn't expecting you here. La Forge to Enterprise. Worf, Captain Picard is here. [Bridge] Hey, I think we've found something here. There's a sudden jump in Z-particle readings just about the time the Enterprise disappeared. But it could suggest a hidden power source. Well, if you can get her to perform a few more magic tricks like that one, we just might be able to track it down. (Ardra appears) I'm correlating particle trajectories. They're beginning to align. Wait a minute. I have coordinates thirty four degrees north, sixty two degrees east, at an altitude of two hundred ten kilometres. This time, I don't buy the magic. Something's got to be there. [Athenaeum] Hi, Data. Well, whatever's been going on over here gave us exactly what we needed. A cloaked ship. More likely a bad copy of one. We picked it up through a wavelength stretchout. Exactly where it's supposed to be. Ardra extended her cloaking shields around it, set up a subspace damping field to interfere with normal operations. I've isolated the frequency spread and penetrated the field. Already have.
Underhill was talking about energy. Not for a second. I'm amazed that he even proposed it. If we were out for a whole day, why didn't our beards grow? We could always check the computer's chronometer, see if there's any evidence of tampering. Gentlemen, how goes the battle? Great. I'll take over now, Data. The Captain wants you back on the Bridge. See you later in Ten Forward? (Data leaves) Nelson, I need your help with the computer. [Transporter room] I've got some good news, and some bad news. The good news is that we were right about the computer's chronometer. There's a security programme to prevent tampering, but it looks now like it was disabled and a new programme put in its place. Someone has reset the clock. That Data and I are the only ones aboard this ship capable of doing it. [Ready room] We'll start with the higher functions before we get down to basics. Okay. All right. Now, this won't hurt a bit. (Geordi is probing an exposed part of Data's 'brain') A figure of speech. Bedside manner. I'm just trying to make you feel comfortable. Pattern recognition, syntactic algorithms, heuristic functions, all normal. It just seems like you're not being completely honest with us. Data, I'm your friend. If there's something wrong, I want you to tell me. Maybe I can help. Okay. [Bridge] Excuse us, Counsellor. Captain, I finished examining Data. Nothing's wrong with the technology, that I can see. He's in perfect condition. He still could be malfunctioning beyond my ability to detect it. I could try. I've found something, sir. No it's not. Actually, it's Tethys three. I retrieved this image from the ship's library. Its geophysical figures have been slightly altered, but it's definitely Tethys three. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, Data. (Geordi leaves) Visuals available now, Captain. No indication of any space-time distortion whatsoever. The probe should at least be detecting some residual effect, even if the wormhole is inactive. Data, Captain wanted me to bring you to the Bridge. Counsellor. That explains why our beards didn't grow.
You wanted to see me, Captain? Who, Captain? Leah is coming here? This is terrific. Well, I mean, I've studied her schematics for years. She was responsible for a lot of the engine design on the Enterprise. I would love to, Captain. Thank you. [Ten Forward] (Geordi is brushing non-existent dust off his shoulders) I guess I am a little nervous. It's not every day a man comes face to face with his dream. You remember about a year ago when we were caught in that booby trap the Menthars set? Okay. While we were trying to get out of it, I went down to the holodeck to study an engine prototype that was made when the Enterprise was first designed. And the computer, well, it gave me an image of the engine but it also created this hologram of the designer. Doctor Leah Brahms. Yeah, but not an ordinary computer-simulated female. I mean, she was brilliant, of course, but warm, you know? Friendly. It' was like we worked as one. I would start a sentences, she'd finish it. What I didn't think of, she did. It was just so comfortable. Okay, I know it was just a holographic image but the computer was able to incorporate personality traits from her Starfleet record. No, no, Guinan, see, you've got it all wrong. I'm not necessarily expecting anything romantic here. It's just I know whatever, Leah Brahms and I are going to be good friends. [Transporter room] Okay, bring her over. (Leah beams in) Hi. I mean, welcome aboard, Doctor Brahms. I'm Lieutenant Commander Geordi La Forge, Chief Engineer. Experience has shown me that too high a ratio diminishes efficiency. I worked with the mixture until I got the right balance. Right. Again, I adjusted the flow. Sometimes things happen a little differently here is space than they do on the drawing board. No, of course not. It's just a well known fact. There's theory and there's application. They don't always jibe. You bet. I found the Starfleet estimates for the MTBF units to be unrealistic. I simply determined my own schedule based on observation and experience. In the first place, Doctor, I'm not aware of needing any defence. And in the second place, if you're determined to be. In my office. Be my guest. Doctor Brahms, there's no reason for us to argue. We're on the same side here. So, why don't I take you on a little tour, show you the adjustments I've made, why I think they work and we can begin pulling together on this? Okay. Then why not start with the dilithium chamber. Okay? You remember, the crystal's been reoriented to adjust the direction of the lattice structure. Right, why would you? Well, the ship was experiencing some difficulty, and we made this adjustment hoping that it would work, and it did. Not exclusively, no. In the next class starship. I didn't. I mean, well, it's the next logical step, right? Listen, Doctor, sometimes we have to fly by the seat of our pants out here so it stands to reason that once in a while we're going to come up with the same solutions you do. Listen. I've got a personnel review scheduled to start in about five minutes, and I know it's been a long day for you. So, why don't we get together later? Sort of plan our agenda for the next day or two? What it is we want to accomplish here, how we might best go about that, maybe even get to know each other a little bit. It might make this easier. Okay, great. How about my quarters. Nineteen hundred hours? Maybe even have a bite to eat? I make a great fungilli. Is that right? [Bridge] Sorry, Captain. There's too much interference to form a warp field. [Bridge] Okay. Computer, subdued lighting. No, that's too much. I don't want it dark, I want it cozy. See, it's not a matter of precision, computer, it's a matter of mood. Brighter than this. More. More. A little more. Hold. Right there. Perfect. Now, some music. Maybe a little soft jazz. No, that's not right. Let me think here. Oh, I got it! Some Brahms! A piano etude. Nah, that's too corny. Probably everybody thinks of that. Computer, just give me some guitar. Classical guitar. Doesn't matter who. Yes, thank you. (Doorbell) Come on in. (Leah enters) Yeah. The uniforms are so formal. Am I? I really just wanted to make you feel more comfortable. I'm sorry. Come in and have a seat. Can I get you a drink? You sure? You know, your hair, it's different. No, I mean it's different than I expected. Different from your Starfleet records. Yeah. Standard procedure when guests come on board. Protocol. I mean, it was nothing specific, actually. Just, you know. Oh, I know. But they're wrong, I assure you. It's like they're your children. So naturally you're a little possessive about them. Yes, I do. You see, I feel the same way. Well, maybe you just haven't met the right people. You hungry? I'm hungry. Why don't I just start dinner, okay? Please, call me Geordi. You can't? Oh. Sure. Fine. Goodnight. [Bridge] Good morning. You realise the only way to inspect them is to crawl inside. Here we go. Power taps. Watch yourself. You're probably the only other person in the galaxy who could pick that up. It's right up here. It's a mid-range phase adjuster. Puts the plasma back into phase after inertial distortion. Uh-uh, Doctor, no. Writing is not one of my strong suits. Well, maybe we could collaborate. Writing is one of your strong points. Well, to tell you the truth, I've studied you. Your writings, your Starfleet file. I've admired you. You know, your work. And, well, I really, I really wanted to meet you for a long time, And I'd like to think that we could become friends. Maybe good friends. How could it have been so far off? It was based on every piece of information on record about Leah Brahms. Okay, with an admitted margin for error. but this is an error that's a light year wide. Hoped? Guinan, the woman is about as friendly as a Circassian plague cat, only cares about her work, hates what I've done to her engines, and to top it off she's married. Computer never even told me she was married. Must have been. What are you talking about? Guinan, it's the same visor. What's that supposed to mean? If it continues to increase at the current rate, six, maybe seven hours. By then, Junior may not need us any more. the pressure from inside the ship might push it away from the hull. We've run into similar problems before. That's actually why I reoriented the dilithium crystal. Right. It's in the computer. La Forge here. On my way, Captain. You go on ahead, Doctor. Ensign Palvik can show you the file on the engine modifications. [Engineering] She went where? Of course not. Nothing at all. [Holodeck - Utopia Planitia Drafting room] (see episode 'Booby Trap' for a reminder) Computer, freeze programme. No, you don't. It's not the way this may look. It's not like that, I swear. Nothing like that happened. It was a professional collaboration. Look, if you watched the whole programme, you saw what it was. We were working together to solve a problem in a crisis situation. All right, look. Ever since you came on board, you've been badgering me and I've taken it. I've shown you courtesy, and respect, and a hell of a lot of patience. Oh, no, no, no, wait a minute. I've tried to understand you. I've tried to get along with you. And in return, you've accused, tried and convicted me without bothering to hear my side of it. So, I'm guilty, okay? But not of what you think. Of something much worse. I'm guilty of reaching out to you, of hoping we could connect. I'm guilty of a terrible crime, Doctor. I offered you friendship. [Bridge] I am deactivating the atmospheric force field now. (the decompression ripples the alien body) [Bridge] The bay's been completely depressurised, but it's still hanging on. [Bridge] Ensign, power readings. Keep your eye on that generator console. We've got less than six minutes to get that baby off our back before his relatives get here. Whatever we try, Junior responds by sucking up more energy. (Leah enters) Of course. What is it? make it unpalatable somehow. But the emergency generators are all we've got. Exactly. Unless. Well. this is a space baby, right? I mean, these creatures are born, live, and die in interstellar space. Okay. All matter in space vibrates in a specific radiation band. It might just give us enough to pour a little vinegar in baby's milk. If we're gradual enough it won't be such a shock. Hopefully it'll just lose interest. La Forge to Bridge. Captain, Doctor Brahms and I have a plan. [Bridge] Lowering wavelength in the energy system now. Any reaction, Bridge? [Bridge] Okay not sour enough. Leah, take it down further. I guess it noticed what we're doing. [Bridge] Just a little more time. Leah, nudge it down even further, toward point oh two. [Bridge] Good work. Yeah, I admit it. I did get a little attached to that lady in the holodeck. I never asked. And the computer is notorious for not volunteering information. No, you don't. I should have told you straight out. The look on my face? How about the look on your face? I will remember that for a long, long time. Well, I guess I'm just glad that I got the opportunity to get to know you. The real you. Acknowledged, Worf. La Forge out.
All the engines check out perfectly, Commander. Once we get them started, the Brittain can get back to Starbase under her own power. Pre-heating injectors. Data, fuel flow? Okay, open injectors. Nothing's wrong. I don't understand it. [Ready room] I'm going to try re-calibrating the field generators. I still don't see why we can't get the engines started. It just doesn't make any sense. What did you say, Ensign? The ship was searched thoroughly. There's nobody left on board. Don't worry about it. There were thirty four people were found dead on this ship. That's enough to make anybody uneasy. We don't have warp drive either. [Bridge] Tyken's rift. That would explain why we don't have engine power. But we aren't carrying anything that could produce that kind of explosion. Not even our photon torpedoes would be enough. Okay, all the power has been channelled to the, er, the Yes. Right. The deflector dish. So, what do we do now? Data, this detonation better work. We're not going to last much longer. [Bridge]
I've checked buildings four and five. Just like all the others. No phaser hits, no sign of a fight. It's like the entire outpost just vanished. No, wait, I know Paul Hickman. He's a family man, he's got two kids. He wouldn't steal a shuttle and desert. Bogrow? Bogrow, now which one was he? Oh, not Bogrow. The one who always used to drive you crazy? You always thought he was so full of himself. Bogrow. I enjoy the bachelor's life too much. Well, obviously you were a great advisor. (pause) Well, Suz, what do you think? Yeah, I know. Yeah. A hell of a team. On our way, Commander. [Bridge] He's still too far away to get a positive lock with the tractor beam, Captain. Commander Riker. Found it in the shuttle. (a uniform) Where's Commander Leijten? Susanna! La Forge to Leijten. Where have you been? Yeah, but they're not human. I'm not picking up anything. Wait a minute. Where are you going? Susanna? Suz? (He grabs her, she struggles) La Forge to Enterprise, medical emergency. Two to Sickbay. [Sickbay] You look fine, now. Might not be such a bad idea to take it easy for a while. Data's got a preliminary report, if you're up to it. Susanna. You don't know that. Suz, I'm here, and I'm not going to let anything happen to you, okay? Okay, come on. [Bridge] (science station LCARS 40274) Without something else to cross-reference, it would take us weeks to try and identify them. Some sort of compulsion like a post-hypnotic command? We can go back to the mission record, construct a log of everyone's movements. Or even something we ingested. It could even be in the air itself. [Crusher's office] Freeze visuals. That's not how you felt before. It was your idea to look for some sort of commonality. That's just not an option. At least, not until Captain Picard says it is. Computer, resume. Take a break, all right? I'll work on this. Susanna, why don't we go and see Doctor Crusher? Susanna, you can't leave. Susanna. Susanna! Oh, God. Susanna, hold on, okay? Doctor Crusher will help you, so just hold on. Don't give up. Do you hear me? You can't give up, Suz. [Crusher's office] Can you stop it, Doctor? Then how did she get it? But I had two full bioscans today. You said I was fine. How long? Then there's not much time to waste. I should get back to work. Doctor, you said it would help if you knew the source of this. If I can continue my analysis of the mission records, I might find an answer. Programme the computer to monitor my movements. That way we can be sure that I don't leave the ship. What would you do, Captain? Would you sit it out here in Sickbay or try to learn what it is that's got you and maybe stop it? Aye, sir. Understood. [Engineering] All right, computer. Analyse audio elements from time index fourteen four seven to fifteen five eight. List all anomalies. Any subspace projections, z-particle emissions, interferometric frequencies? Damn. It's not. Yes, Data. And a spectrographic analysis, and a screen for ionising radiation. I even ran an enhancement for micro-seismic disturbances. I've tried it all, okay? I'm sorry, Data. Yeah, you're probably right, Data, but I've got to keep scanning these records while I can. If I knew what I was looking for. Rally, Data, I think it's just a matter of me going over it, maybe finding something I forgot. I'll let you know if I come across anything, all right? All right, computer, one more time. [Sickbay] Computer, delete the audio. Wait a minute. Freeze visual. Whose shadow is that? Computer, the shadow currently displayed in section B three, what is its source? Come on, it's got to belong to somebody. Computer, replay a visual of the last time index. No audio, and slow to fifty percent. Okay, Brevelle's behind the camera ,Susanna and I head off in that direction. Mendez moves off that way. Freeze visual. Now, magnify four times, and spectrally enhance those shadows. (there's the other shadow in the background) Computer, do you have sufficient data to compile a holographic simulation of this visual record? Good, fine. Scan the entire record and then recreate it on holodeck three. [Corridor] Computer, is the Tarchannen simulation ready? Computer, scan Starfleet records and create a simulation of Brevelle. Place him where he was while recording this. Okay, good. Computer, based on their speed and direction, can you extrapolate each officer's movements as they walk out of the recording device's field of view? Understood. Run simulation. Computer, freeze. It's all happening too fast. Computer, reverse simulation. Run it back to time index fourteen seven two. (everyone goes backwards) Freeze programme. Computer, remove La Forge. And now remove Leitjen. And now remove Mendez. (and we clearly see the shadow of a half-crouching person against the building) Computer, using vector analysis, identify the source of this shadow. There has to be something between the camera light and this wall. Computer, given the distance between the light and the wall, can you determine the most likely shape and position of the object causing this shadow? All right, let's say that my friend and I here are about the same size, say one pint seven metres. Now, can you extrapolate its shape and its position? Do it. (Then Geordi gets pains in his chest, and falls to his knees. The transformation is starting) [Sickbay] (Susanna is completely unrecognisable now) Susanna. Lieutenant Commander La Forge reporting for duty, Captain. No. They act on instinct alone. In another few minutes, I wouldn't have responded to you, Susanna. You know, down there, I didn't know who you were, and yet somehow I believed you, I trusted you. Thanks. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Good job, Reg. And only what, six weeks of lessons. Aye, sir. Lieutenant Barclay, report to the main shuttlebay. [Shuttle] Enterprise, this is shuttle five in position, ready to begin a short-range scan. Reg, why don't we begin with the passive high-res series, all right? Give it a try. Let's try the neutron densitometer. Hmm. Doesn't seem to want to give up any secrets. Let's go to active scan. Really? You are definitely not from our neighbourhood. Increase to three point zero. Yeah, Reg? Don't mention it. You're one of my top engineers. It's about time you got in on some of the interesting stuff. This, this is why I'm in Starfleet. Hit it with a positron emission. (there's a big flare of light from the probe) What was that? Computer's down, Reg. Reg? (but Barclay is spark out on the floor) Captain's log, supplemental. An intense energy surge from the alien probe has severely disabled the shuttle's onboard computer. The away team has been transported directly to Sickbay, where Lieutenant Barclay remains under observation. [Bridge] My visor must have filtered it out. Attempting to now, Commander. Isolate phasers eighty to one twenty. Shunt all the plasma Phasers are as hot as we can make them, Captain. [Bridge] Yeah, but by whom? (Reg wanders over and presses a control next to La Forge, then returns to his own panel) Barclay, what are you doing? I don't know how he did it, but shield strength has been increased by three hundred percent. [Bridge] (to himself) Don't mention it. Captain's log, stardate 44705.3. The Enterprise has destroyed the alien probe, but now we are left with the difficult task of repairing the Argus Telescope. Failure to do so would represent an incalculable scientific loss. [Corridor] Each of the telescope's subspace antenna clusters is powered by its own fusion reactor, but a single computer controls them all. That's right. They're starting to overload, and could eventually go critical. The explosion would destroy the Array, and I wouldn't want to be next door when that happens. I agree. We'll cut off each reactor from the damaged control system and repair them one by one. Two to three weeks at least. But the Argus computer is inoperable. Sure, Reg. [Ship's theatre] (an acting workshop, and Barclay is in award winning mode) Where's Lieutenant Barclay? Computer, location of Lieutenant Barclay. We had a meeting at oh seven hundred. What was that all about? A little? Most of the stuff on that blackboard was way out of my league. And yours too. Reg, ever since our run in with that probe, something's different about you. You just spent the entire night arguing grand unification theories with Albert Einstein! Reg, something's happened to you, and we can't ignore that. Yeah, I think we do. [Sickbay] So, it's not just raw intelligence we're talking about here. How can we do that? What's he done? We're talking about locking a man up for being too smart. I'd hardly consider that a threat. Look, if we want to save the array, we need Barclay. It's as simple as that. Go ahead, Lieutenant. [Engineering] Is the interface between the computer and the array still in operation? Then we'll have to try a remote shutdown from here. What happened? Damn! La Forge to Bridge. We're looking at a cascade reactor failure on the Argus. [Bridge] It wasn't me, sir. [Bridge] That's it. I've disconnected the visual and audio pickups. We can talk without being monitored by the computer. It is now almost impossible to tell where Barclay ends and the computer begins. He's actually rewriting the isolinear chips each time he extends himself a little further. We don't. Not without killing him. No, but it would give us access to the propulsion systems. Enough to get us to the next Starbase. A few hours. Yeah, Reg? No, I'm just catching up on some work, you know? That level three diagnostic we talked about. How're you doing? Yeah? Try. You understand? Well, do you understand how this happened to you? Ah ha. To tell you the truth, Reg, we don't know what to think. What do you mean? [Holodeck] Ready, Captain. Acknowledged. What? Just plain old Barclay, huh. The tricky part is what happens afterwards. Either way, Reg, you're an important part of this crew. In fact, I could really use your help with that level three diagnostic. The diagnostic can wait. I'll see you later.
Vash. He robs from the rich and gives to the poor. There are too many of them.
Admiral. We still can't get in there, Captain. The radiation levels are dropping, but they're too high to raise the isolation door. Maybe the Admiral would like to see the visual log of the explosion. This was logged four days ago at oh three hundred hours. (a picture on the monitor of the warp core, labelled sensor log playback 44765.3 03.00.59.941. Part of the core goes bang) At that point the emergency confinement field was activated and the isolation doors came down. No one was killed, but I have two people in Sickbay with radiation burns. We haven't found anything that suggests there was a malfunction anywhere along the line. Captain, we finally got in here about six hours ago. We've been going over it inch by inch ever since. We did mass spectrometer readings of the residue for chemical content, sifted through the debris for bomb fragments. This is the frame for the hatch. It ruptured right along here. When we take a reading of that spot. See? That's right. A breakdown of the atomic cohesive structure. That's the way I see it. This wasn't sabotage at all. It was nothing more than an accident. [Observation lounge]
That man is in a lot of trouble. Captain's Log. Stardate 44805.7. For generations, the people of Kaelon Two have been working to revitalise their dying sun. The Federation has offered to assist in testing what may be a solution to this problem. [Observation lounge] This mess, Mrs Troi How can he? All right, all right. Don't you start. Final pre-launch diagnostic, level five. We're ready here when you are, Captain. [Bridge] Torpedoes now entering the stellar core. Ignition sequence, six seconds [Bridge] Three seconds. Now. Shock wave patterns within predicted range. Seventeen hundred percent rise in gamma radiation levels. Helium fusion rate increasing. Steady so far. Density at eleven hundred grams per cubic centimetre. Temperature approaching sixty million degrees Kelvin. Temperature at ninety million degrees Kelvin. And now one hundred ten million. Looking good. One hundred thirty seven. [Bridge] One ninety. And now two hundred million. Two oh seven and rising. Two nineteen. And twenty. Two twenty. And holding. Looks like congratulations may be in order. [Bridge] Two twenty two. [Bridge] Two fifty one. [Bridge] Sorry. We've already tried. They've disengaged the link-up, Doctor.
Commander Riker has asked to pilot you himself, Ambassador.
How about some different music, Computer. Something with a Latin beat. No, I meant something with a gentle Latin beat. Maybe a Spanish guitar. Perfect. Hey, what's the weather like on Risa? Is that right? How long before we get there? Three hours. How about a game, computer? Something to pass the time, you know, a diversion. Verbal. Begin. That's easy. Er, well, asymmetrical, inverted, phased, stable. I knew that. Okay, give me another one. Oh, there's the aft nacelle associative, the forward (sees the ship) Whoa! Computer, sequence zero one zero. Maximum power to the shields. Kill the music. Enterprise, this is shuttle seven. I've encountered a Romulan Warbird. Coordinates at three (comm. failure buzz) Damn. Risa Control. Anybody. (then Geordi gets beamed away) Captain's log, stardate 44891.6. The Enterprise has been ordered to accompany a special emissary from the Klingon High Council to the Kriosian System, where one of their colonies is fighting for independence. [Ready room] Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey, take it easy! (his head is fastened) Hey. I can tell you've gone to a lot of trouble. I wouldn't count on it. (a Geordi look-alike comes in) Hey! Show me something? That'll be an interesting trick seeing as how I can't see anything without the visor. (metal arms are swung around to the sides of his head) Why are you doing this? This is Ten Forward. That's Chief O'Brien. Almost four years. Okay. Well, I, it's just I, I don't Kill Chief O'Brien. Chief. Mind if I join you, guys? Data! Very informative. I'll tell you all about it. [Corridor] Yeah, when I heard the Enterprise had been ordered to the Krios system, I thought I might be forced to endure another couple of weeks on Risa. I was joking. I missed you, Data. [Bridge] Permission to come aboard, sir. Thank you, sir. Data tells me that the Federation has been accused of aiding Kriosian rebels. Anything I can do. (walking to the turbolift) Does it show? The Carnelians have actually done the most work on artificial intelligence, so I spent a lot of time in their research seminars. Well, I did take second place in a chess tournament. And I swam a lot. I worked on my back stroke. The water is very calm on Risa. And I walked a lot. That's all. Well, I ate enough for twelve people. The food there is terrific. They've got a chocolate there, Counsellor, you would love. Yeah. Well, there was this Her name is Jonek. But you wouldn't want to hear about that. Better get ready for duty. Nice talking to you, Counsellor. [Governor's office] Intercooler flux down to five percent. Plasma deviation steady at point seven two. Well, if you guys keep running at this efficiency, I might as well go back to Risa for another week. Just run through a level four series, and then call it a night, huh? I'd help you, but there's something I've got to take care of. [Ten Forward] Red Torian, please. (the drink is served) Thank you. (O'Brien is sitting alone with his back to the bar. Geordi goes quietly over then deliberately spills his drink over Miles' shoulder) Oh! I'm sorry. (that gets the attention of Riker, Crusher and Kell) My glass, it just slipped. Yeah, but you're all soaked here. Let me get you something to wipe that off with. You sure? Rapid nadion pulse, right on target. Beam control assembly, safety interlock, both checked out. Beam width intensity controls also responding correctly. Yeah, by quite a bit. Ninety four point one percent efficiency. Let's take a closer look at the wave pattern on the emission beam. That might tell us why it's losing so little energy. There. That's not right. The initial output spike is inverted. Then it's definitely not Starfleet issue and there can't be that many systems that use the terahertz feeds. I think we could narrow this down with a little common sense, Data. Who has the most to gain from a conflict between the Klingon Empire and the Federation? [Governor's office] The Romulans. They fashioned a perfect Federation rifle but they had to charge it from their energy sources. So the discharge crystal and the emission beam pattern correspond to those you'd find in a Romulan disrupter. Computer re-route the power flow in the cargo bay four transporter to the auxiliary replicator system. Initiate protocol three six four dash B. Recognise La Forge, theta two nine nine seven. Now, redirect transporter mode to the planetary sensor array. Verify that all record of these modifications are being erased from each directory. I'm not sure, Captain. Whoever did it apparently used the planetary array to bypass the transport sensors. They're blank. I'm not even sure how it was done yet. As soon as I find out, maybe I can give you an answer. Not many, that's for sure. (Kell enters) It might be possible to locate the point of origin by tracing power flows at the time of transport. Then whoever used the transporter must have bypassed the primary feeds. Damn, who could have pulled this off? Try the life-support power flows. Replicator waveguides? There. That's not a replicator energy pattern. Trace it. La Forge to Worf. Security to cargo bay four. [Cargo bay] This has to be the transfer point. I think I could have done it, if I put my mind to it. The Chief, Data, Lieutenant Costa, that's about it. I was in my quarters. No, I was alone. Costa was on duty in Engineering. I'm sure he's got twenty witnesses. Data, let's do a detailed scan on every chip in this assembly. There's got to be some kind of trail we can follow. [Ready room] Programmed to erase all operator commands once the transfer was complete. No, sir. Everyone with the necessary skills also has an alibi, except for me, that is. I was alone in my quarters at the time. It's not going to be easy. There were a lot of people in and out of there. I understand. [La Forge's quarters] (Geordi wakes from a nightmare) La Forge to O'Brien. O'Brien? Nothing. Chief, I'm sorry to disturb you. I'm sorry. [Sickbay] Hiya, Doc. Well, I just can't seem to get any sleep. I was hoping you could give me something. I was restless. I kept waking up. Sure. No, I don't think so. Nothing out of the ordinary. Okay. Thanks, Doc. I'm sure I'll be fine. [Transporter room] What can I do for you, Chief? Sure. Sure, let's take a look. [Shuttlebay] Maybe we should run a level one diagnostic on those phase transition coils. But I remember everything! Like, there was this one night at dinner, we had this Andorian waiter, he couldn't get our orders right. It did happen. I remember being on Risa. Well, I was just trying to get in the mood. I played some music, I talked to the computer. You know what it's like on a long trip. No, the first thing I did. Wait a minute, that's. But that's I'm just not sure about anything.
Data. Missing someone? I found Spot wandering through the corridor two sections away. Forget to secure the door when you left? Maybe someone came in while you were away, let him out by accident. Has anything been disturbed? That's really strange. You know, to be on the safe side maybe I should report a possible unauthorised entry to Security. Sure, Data. I thought she and Jeff Arton She's just coming out of a bad situation. You know, sometimes it takes people a while, Data, but then, if they jump right into another relationship, you see, that can be trouble, unless, of course, she's really ready, and then I guess it depends on whether or not you're really serious. This can be a little complicated. Listen, my advice is ask somebody else for advice. At least someone who's got more experience at giving advice. [Troi's office] We're showing damage between decks. We haven't localised it yet. (energy travels across a wall panel and throws a crewman to the floor) Thorne, are you all right? La Forge to Bridge. A cryogenic control conduit just blew out on us. [Bridge] I think we have some structural damage between decks thirty six and thirty seven. I'd better go check it out. [Corridor] Van Mayter, you take access tube twenty three M and look at the bridge connectors. Thorne, I'll cover the aft section. You go down (Van Mayter, who had turned off down a corridor, screams. The men rush back to see just her upper torso sticking out of the decking) Captain's log, supplemental. This series of unexplained events has now resulted in the death of a crewmember, but it appears that Mister Data may have an explanation. [Observation lounge] So every time we hit one, part of the ship momentarily phases out of normal space. We could give the shuttle control of our navigational systems. That way, the corresponding manoeuvres would be virtually instantaneous. Damage to the shuttle's starboard impulse nacelle, Captain. [Shuttle] Aye, sir. [Engineering] Your krellide storage cells are losing their charge. Maintaining manual control is going to become increasingly difficult. [Shuttle]
The only other ships available are either in spacedock for repairs or still under construction. Most of them don't even have full crews yet. It's possible, but the more ships, the bigger the net we can throw. Aye, sir.
I'm pretty sure I can punch up the annular confinement beam enough to transport the captain through the field, but it's going to take me at least a full day to do it. La Forge here. Two hours, maybe three. That's not very likely, sir. [Bridge] Lefler, what's the resonance frequency? I want a resolution of point five three at the very least. Commander, I'll need about two more minutes. [Bridge] Matrix levels? That isn't going do it. Increase thermal input coefficient to one hundred fifty percent. We're almost there, Commander. Lefler, shunt the overload to the phase transition sequencers in transporter one. La Forge to O'Brien. [Transporter room] It's as solid as it'll go, Commander. [Planet surface] (Dathon is being thrown around and battered to a pulp while Picard flickers.) [Bridge] The transporter's out of the question. The Tamarian ship has deepened the scattering field to the D region of the ionosphere. There's no getting through. They're using a polarity coil generator located aft of their warp drive. It's pretty heavily shielded. Not with the first spread. It'd take a couple of hits. If we selectively target the amplification pathways around the generator, it should be just as effective. And we can do it in one burst. Worf and I would have to adjust the pre-fire chamber. That'll give us the focus we need. A few hours?
(at the bar) I'll tell you one thing. If I find myself on an away team with Ensign Ro, I won't turn my back on her. That was orders. Had to be. She doesn't belong here. She doesn't even belong in the uniform, as far as I'm concerned. Really.
Yes, sir. Something strange is going on. There are violent disruptions in the atmosphere. [Bridge] It's good to see you're all right, Commander. What's happened here? Okay, Doctor. We've input all the data you collected on the surface. You handle that unit like a veteran, Doctor. And if they do, we might find a pattern, a kind of marker left behind by the Entity. That's a good idea, Data. Getting that readout now, Data. There it is. Do you see it? So we know the Entity leaves antiprotons behind. Sure. We can set the ship's lateral sensors for gamma radiation. Aye, sir. No change in the sensor readings. Captain, I'm reading a transmission from the Entity. A series of graviton pulses. All graviton pulses from the Entity have stopped. Vibration amplitude is increasing. It can't last much longer. Maybe I can create an override sequence. Shut it down from here. I can override her programme, but it's going to take some time. (and the Entity shatters into a billion tiny shards)
No. No. All right. (sings) I am the very model of a modern major general, I've information vegetable, animal and mineral. I can't do this. I cannot sing in front of people. Okay. Clear the power shunt. Right. And bypass the flow current, and (nothing). The computer still won't release the doors. Yes, we can try. There's an emergency hand actuator. Yes? Where? (then something blows out where he had removed a panel, knocking him off his feet) I'm all right, but I think we've got a new problem. One of the energy conduits must've ruptured and ignited the polyduranide inside the bulkhead. That's a plasma fire. (and it's green) We've got a bigger problem than that. The quaratum in these containers is used in emergency thruster packs. It's normally pretty stable stuff but when you expose quaratum to radiation, it has a way of exploding. [Turbolift] (Marissa is helping Picard at an open panel) What are the radiation levels in the quaratum? That stuff gets unstable at around three hundred and fifty rads. I still haven't been able to get any power to this transporter. That's a good idea. It should buy us some time. You know we're going to have to do this by hand. With all the radiation floating around in here we can't trust the antigrav units. [Bridge] (at a rear science station) The energy's being fed by the ship's internal power grid and we can't even get near that. The only way to stop it would be to eliminate its supply of oxygen. Wait a minute. Doctor, I've got an idea. It's kind or wild, but we just might be able to kill two birds with one stone. Okay. We open the external door. That would depressurise the cargo bay and suck all of those containers out into space. At the same time, the lack of oxygen should put out the plasma fire. We just need to find something in here to hold onto while the air is evacuating. Then, we close the door, repressurise the bay. Yeah, that ought to do it. [Ten Forward] (Keiko is doing some bandages) Sounds like fun. Okay. Once the air is evacuated, one of us is going to need to get to that panel to repressurise the bay. (of course, the panel is on the far wall) We're ready. Are you okay? (one touch of a button, up goes the outer door, some hyperventilating, another command and out goes the air, the barrels and the green fire. Geordi closes the doors and they set off across the bay, but he collapses halfway. Beverly just makes it and air rushes back in) [Bridge]
I'm up to my neck in observation schedules right now. Our biggest hurdle is sensor availability. Fifteen science teams, only two weeks, and one long-range array don't make for a great combination. They're booked solid for planetary observation. We're reprogramming them now. Lefler, a moment of your time, please? (a young brown-haired woman joins them) You know Robin Lefler. Her work around here's been so sensational, I've decided to make her a mission specialist. I'd love to, but I'm running a full sensor recalibration in ten minutes. Can it wait? I bet you're driving all the girls wild. Excellent. As soon as you get settled, come down to Engineering and we'll get you started. Just make sure we keep enough data lines open for stellar physics. All right. (Geordi leaves him to it) Well, tell them to flip a coin. We've got to work together on this mission, otherwise we're never going to get it done. From what I can tell, his higher functions are intact, but the signals aren't getting from his brain to the rest of his body. It's like he's in a coma. I recommend going through his quarters, as well. You never know what we might find. Personal logs, diagnostics, duty logs, they all appear normal. There's no evidence of anything that could lead to Data's shutdown. I guess I'd better get back to Sickbay, see if there's any change in his condition. I guess so. Yeah, maybe you're right. I can't track him, sir. He's done something to the internal security sensors. I'll try bypassing his subcommands. Hold on. I'm picking up a piece of his trail, sir. Sensors show power activation in transporter room three. That would put him somewhere on deck six. Aye, sir. [Corridor] (Wesley stops at a junction, and sets a hand phaser to send pulses of energy at the forcefield generator before ducking down a side corridor) [Bridge] We've got him, Captain. Section twenty five. It looks like he's trying to cut through the forcefield with a phaser. I can't believe what we were about to do.
Beats me, Commander. Every question we answer here seems to bring up two more. Negative, Commander. That would put them on a course to Vulcan. They don't seem to be in any hurry. They're only moving at warp one, Commander. None of the transponder signatures matches that of the missing ship. They could have been altered. I'll keep checking. I've checked every sensor display backwards and forwards. If the Romulans altered them, they didn't leave any fingerprints. I can't tie any of them to the surplus yard. Romulan warbird decloaking alongside the Vulcan ships. There were over two thousand Romulan troops on board those ships.
That pretty well indicates that they're Vulcan. And dentarium also means that whatever this was, it was originally designed for use in space. From the look of the damage, it must've been a high speed impact. Could it be a weapons array? This is going to be like putting together a big jigsaw puzzle when you don't know even know what the picture's supposed to be. What we seem to have here is a navigational deflector array. Or at least what's left of one. Beats me, Commander. Every question we answer here seems to bring up two more. Yes, sir. Metallurgical analysis confirmed that and by running a molecular pattern trace, we were actually able to identify the ship as T'Pau. It was decommissioned years ago and sent to the surplus depot at Qualor Two. As far as anybody knows it's still there. Where's the ship now? When it was brought here was it stripped of material, armament, sensors? Can you tell us what happened to its navigational deflector? Aye, sir. Sounds like they don't want to be identified. Sensors indicate a combat vessel, origin undetermined, heavily armed. Mass and density suggest that it's fully loaded with cargo. I'd say from these internal scans, a good deal of that cargo is weaponry. Commander, readings indicate surface to ship transport has begun. Aye, sir. That ship easily matches our armament, Commander. Aye, sir. We destroyed one of their phaser arrays. Looks like collateral damage in the cargo area. Commander, I'm picking up massive power fluctuations, internal explosions. With all the armament that ship is carrying, it's going to blow. (KaBOOM. Geordi was right) [Klingon quarters]
I'm afraid the numbers coming in are already indicating climatic changes, Commander. If it continues like that, their entire ecosystem will be shot to hell. Not unless another asteroid decides to pay a call on Penthara, sir. Right. If you've came back to study us, to study the captain, why would you pick today? Why not a year ago or a year from now? If I hand my assignment in on time, can I get a glimpse into next week's poker game? The hull is made of some kind of plasticised tritanium mesh. We've nothing like it on record, at least not till now. Less than twenty percent of your normal sunlight is getting through that dust, Doctor. If we can hold enough heat in with the CO2, that should give the planet time to mend itself. (to a crewwoman) As soon as we input this atmospheric data from Moseley, the computer should tell us how many holes we'll have to punch. Couldn't be better. Our scans were all clear and Moseley says there hasn't been so much as a quiver down there in well over a century. We're kind of busy here, Professor. Tomorrow would probably be better. Data, we've got about twenty three thousand thermal simulations. You think you could check them through for anomalies? Not fast enough for you, Professor? Thanks, Data. You're here to witness this mission. That's it, isn't it? If you'll excuse me. A visor. It allows me to see. I like it just fine. A fly on the wall, huh? Captain, we've got everything we need. I'm ready to transport down to the surface. Gentlemen. (Geordi leaves and Rasmussen pockets a PADD) The Enterprise will monitor the CO2 concentrations at six different altitudes. If all goes well, it shouldn't take more than twenty bore sites. La Forge to Commander Riker. How are you doing? That's excellent. All we need now is an open channel to Data. [Bridge] You picking up anything at altitude, Data? [Bridge] Talking. We've got some new temperatures coming in. Correction, Doctor. Two equatorial stations are showing slight increases. The ash the volcanoes are throwing into the atmosphere is going to compound the existing problem. In a matter of days, there'll be no sunlight getting through those clouds.
Data! Data, isn't this exciting? We are going to witness a moment in history. No, no, no, no. I mean, we're going to see something that people will talk about for years. I mean, think about it. No more bulky warp engines or nacelles. A ship just generates a Soliton wave and then rides it through space like a surfboard. This is going to be like being there to watch Chuck Yeager break the sound barrier, or Zephram Cochrane engage the first warp drive. I'm talking to the wrong crowd. Donaldson! Donaldson, you're an engineer. (moves out of shot) I hope so, Commander. Link established. Receiving prelaunch telemetry now. The soliton wave has been initiated. It's heading for the test ship. (a blue wave rushes out to the vessel and off they rush) Telemetry looks good. Soliton wave is steady. That's a little faster than they anticipated, but still well within mission parameters. Energy transfer is ninety eight percent! Yes, sir. There's less than a two percent energy loss between the wave and the ship. Wave efficiency has dropped to seventy three percent. I can't compensate for it. Sensors and warp drive are offline. Deflectors down to fifteen percent. That would be consistent with our telemetry readings from the ship. We detected a sudden drop in transfer efficiency just before the explosion. No, the explosion damaged our main sensor array, but I think we'll have it repaired in a couple of hours. Doctor. You did it. Warp without warp drive. For a while there it was really something to see. So do I, Doctor. [Mrs. Kyle's office] The soliton wave has continued to increase in (Worf enters) The soliton wave has continued to increase in power. Its energy level has risen by a factor of ninety six. At its current rate of acceleration, the wave should hit the planet in a couple of hours. Well, there are two possibilities. We could attempt to use our own warp engines to generate an inverse-resonance wave. If we could match the exact frequency and amplitude of the soliton, we should be able to neutralise it. It's a little more dangerous, but I think there's a better chance for success. We could create a backfire, an explosive force set off just in front of the soliton wave. A large enough explosion, say five photon torpedoes, should be enough to disrupt the wave and allow it to dissipate. The good news is we can catch it. The bad news is that in order to set up this backfire we have to be in front of it. We lost four warp transfer conduits, Commander. Much longer, Commander. You'd better fire those torpedoes while we're still in front of the wave. [Bridge]
This one seems to be stuck in a feedback loop. The ODN junction is right down here. (takes of a panel) Data? (puts the spare CPU down and sets up the laser link) Exchange protocol verified. The files are intact. At least some of them, anyway. (a high pitched voice is heard) Sections of the primary and secondary hull were torn right off. The shearing planes are here, here, and here. Almost an hour. The hallway outside the computer core. His mother was the ship's systems engineer. The second away team found her body here inside the core. Ship's second officer. He was most likely on the bridge when it was exposed to space. This is not good. Whatever hit the Vico must have set up an EM pulse that flashed through their computer banks. And all of their sensor logs. Let's use what we got from our own sensors. I'll call up the structural analysis and the surface scans. You're wondering about Timothy? I was caught in a fire once. I must have been, I don't know, about five, I guess. It was before I got the first visor. And it was only a couple of minutes before my parents found me and pulled me out. And nobody got hurt, but I tell you that was the longest couple of minutes of my life. It was a while after that before I could even let my parents get out of earshot. It was like I absolutely needed to know that they were there, you know? Yeah. [Classroom] (the male teacher is reading aloud to the quiet and attentive pupils, who are following on their PADDS, except one) Magnetic residual analysis confirms that the Vico was attacked inside the Black Cluster. The graviton wave fronts pushed the ship to where we found it. No, sir. Torsional stress levels point to a disrupter-style weapon. Boarding party? I don't think that's likely, sir. (Troi enters) There was absolutely no evidence of anybody coming on board the Vico. We would have found a transporter field trace. Or if somebody had used the entry ports, we would have found an electrostatic differential in the docking latches, and we didn't. Could Timothy have imagined that, Counsellor? Well, I'll go back and check the sensor readings again but I don't think we're going to find anything. To get anywhere near the centre, we're going to have to push through the gravitational wavefronts like the science vessel was designed to do. I've already adjusted our shields accordingly. Adjusting shield frequencies now, Commander. We'll have this smoothed out in just a second. [Bridge] Fusion reactors four through nine into the shield array. That should double the shield strength. [Bridge] We could run the shield grid directly off the warp drive. [Bridge] Warp transfer to the shields complete. [Bridge]
How about you, Commander? Got any memories you feel like digging up? It's not quite the same for us as it is for you, Data. You record every second of every moment of your life. And then if you want to recall any one of those moments, you just access the proper memory circuit. Yeah, that's true. Sometimes there are memories we just can't access at the spur of the moment. For instance, I have no recollection of how I spent my last birthday. Birthdays are important occasions, and you would think that I'd remember how I spent the day, but right now I can't even remember where I was. [Turbolift] Deck two. On the other hand, I remember everything about the time I got my first pet. A Circassian cat. I was eight. I remember how funny-looking he was. I remember how excited I was. It's as if it happened last week. No, sometimes the bad memories can be the most intense of all. It would seem. [Dining room] I don't think so. Thanks anyway. Commander, I need to bring that door down! Commander, radiation levels are critical. We've got to seal it off. I've got to get that isolation door down! I need that door down! Computer, locate the electropathic pattern described in medical database four delta one. Okay, we're going to track down any possible cause of that brain pattern. First, what are the medical conditions that might account for it? Right. And Doctor Crusher already eliminated that, so how many non-medical forces or substances might cause the pattern? Okay. And how many of those are present on the Enterprise? Are the ship's sensors calibrated to detect all those agents? Okay. Let's start with the chemical substances. Name them. Ferrazene has a complex molecular structure. It breaks down into bilenium and tarrisite. Do the sensors scan for those? And are they present on the Enterprise? Do any of the substances break down into by-products that are not scanned for? Well, this isn't a routine situation. Scan for the nilizene. How did I know you were going to say that? Okay. Let's move on to the non-chemical agents. [Crusher's office] I've spent two hours having a cozy chat with the computer. I've checked everything I can think of. Any possible agent that might cause that electropathic pattern. Didn't find a thing. [Sickbay] Doctor Crusher's not going to be too happy with (they see her slumped over her desk and run in) [Crusher's office] Doctor Crusher had me working on a shipwide diagnostic. I'd gone to give her the results when I found her. None. I've checked and cross-checked. They're just dead ends. If one of them is behind this, will keeping telepaths in their quarters prevent it from happening again? Well, that's it for Melina Two. No unexplained comas during the time the Ullians were working there. Maybe. Or maybe we're not checking for the right thing. We haven't look into the comas that were explained. Well, remember what Doctor Crusher said right after Counsellor Troi became unconscious? That it looked exactly like Iresine syndrome except for the histamine count? Maybe not every medical facility is as careful as Doctor Crusher. Maybe it's easier to just make a quick diagnosis rather than to keep hunting for the real cause. Right, and correlating them with visits by the Ullians. And there we are. Let's check the other planets. I think we may have something here. [Troi's quarters] (Inad is also present) We just got the transmission from the Nel system, Data. No mention of Iresine syndrome but there are two unexplained comas on one planet, none on the other. Checking the mission logs. That's funny. On stardates 45321 and 45323, when the comas occurred, Tarmin was on his home planet. He wasn't anywhere near the Nel system. [Troi's quarters]
I'm pretty sure they know we're here. Our sensors are picking up deep EM readings. Looks like wave patterns from an obsolete subspace relay. Beyond us. I can see you just fine, sir. What function might that be? That's how I see it. We have a matter-antimatter warp reaction system, the most powerful in the Starfleet. Normally, it kicks plasma up into the terawatt range. Why? We can move a small moon or an asteroid, but a stellar core fragment? That's much too massive for our tractor beam. (she calls up a diagram on a screen) What's that? A multiphase tractor beam? We'd need Hannah on the ship. It won't affect her DNA at all. There's been over a century of evidence to prove that. Enterprise, three to beam up. Energise. Captain's log, supplemental. Commander La Forge and Hannah Bates have spent three days trying to find a way to adjust the path of the core fragment. If they do not succeed in the next forty eight hours, we will need to begin evacuation. [Ready room] It's just going to blow the emitters again. Yeah. I haven't had any sleep in so long, my eyelids feel like they have lead weights attached. (Geordi sits down and takes his visor off) Hmm? I'm sorry. I probably shocked the hell out of you, didn't I? I'll put it back on. I've never been embarrassed by this, Hannah. Never. I was born blind. I've always been this way. Sure. So, I guess if I had been conceived on your world, I wouldn't even be here now, would I? No, I'd've been terminated as a fertilised cell. Who gave them the right to decide whether or not I should be here? Whether or not I might have something to contribute. Well, the visor scans the electromagnetic spectrum between one hertz and one hundred thousand terahertz, converts it all to usable frequencies and then transmits that information directly to my brain. A bank of pre-processors compresses the data stream into pulses, you see. That way, my visual cortex never. Wait a minute. Wait just a minute. We should be able to send a high-energy pulse through the tractor system. If it's short enough, it shouldn't overload the emitters. The technology is right here. If we could adapt those pulse compression routines and then apply them to the warp power conduits. Sure. With a few modifications. Oh, that's perfect. If the answer to all of this is in a visor created for a blind man who never would have existed in your society. No offence intended. [Courtyard] (Evening if the crickets are an indication, and a young man is playing Chopin to a small audience when there is a tremor) In order to move the core fragment to a safe trajectory, we needed our tractor beam to be able to handle high power pulses. About four times more efficient. So, we added a little visor technology to the process and we were able to boost the effective force and, at the same time, lower the power conduit stress levels. Up to almost three hundred percent. But if we also fortify the biosphere's structural integrity at the same time Of course, we'll have to lend them some of our engineering support crews. We'll need to bring down engineering crews from the Enterprise to work with your people for the next forty eight hours. They have to install five new shield generators and power supplies. Enterprise, you may begin transport when ready. (the first five plus equipment arrive immediately. There's another tremor) Captain's log, supplemental. The Enterprise has moved to a parallel course with the core fragment. We must adjust its trajectory by a minimum of one point two degrees to ensure the colony's safety. [Bridge] Yes, sir. Good luck. Engage tractor beam. Okay, let's give it a try. Shutting down non-critical systems. Transferring warp power to tractor beam generator. Bridge, we need more power. [Bridge] Come on, come on. We've got to increase the pulse frequency. We won't need them for long. Okay. Now we're getting there. Not yet. Hold on. Yes, sir. Shutting down all tractor emissions. Transferring power back to life support. Mind if I give her a hand, Commander? Yeah. Amazing. Why are you doing this? There's no breach. Hannah, my visor's positronic scan would have detected the leak. Its molecular pattern enhancer would have picked up even the smallest crack. Why are you doing this? Well, maybe necessity really is the mother of invention. You never really look for something until you need it. She wants to leave the colony. We have to do that. I understand these are human beings, Counsellor, with free will. If she wants to leave, she has every right to.
The configuration is unfamiliar. Nothing in our database comes close. We're being scanned. It's not like any sensor system I've ever seen. Shall we raise shields? Scanning intensity has increased by fifteen hundred percent. Computers are going down. What the hell? Looks like we're all in the same boat. Better still, who did this to us? I've got some intermittent sensor readings here. The scan keeps repeating itself like it's stuck, but it looks like there's metallic debris right in front of us. Distance, seventeen kilometres. That's a good possibility. No interface, period. Hey. Got something. I've accessed the basic system directories. Life support systems throughout the ship are fully operational. Navigation, propulsion offline. Completely disrupted. We do now. I'll go with you. I want to get my hands on the computer core. See if we can re-establish control from there. [Engineering] I've accessed the optical data network for the engineering core. I can monitor every system that's routed through here. Everything looks functional. Now, if we could just access the control systems, we could get them up and running. That's where I'll start. Yeah. You too. [Ready room] (Picard and MacDuff report to Captain Worf) I've regained control of navigation, propulsion, weapons and communications. [Ready room] Computer give me a biographical listing of all personnel responsible for primary operation of the ship. Is there any list of the ship's senior officers? That's better than nothing. Give me the crew manifest. Aye, sir. We haven't finished a full search of the computer records, but we have found out quite a bit. The Lysian Alliance. They're a genocidal race determined to destroy us. The war has been going on for years. Over the last two months, fourteen Federation ships have been captured, apparently very easily, their crews held captive on Lysia. Yes, sir. (goes to wall screen) We're approximately here. We've been ordered to cross into Lysian territory and destroy their Central Command. This is it. The nerve centre for the entire Lysian military operation. Our orders specifically require us to maintain radio silence. We're the lynchpin to the operation. If we don't destroy the Central Command, the entire effort will fail. Data and I ran into some trouble accessing the medical file areas in the computer, but with a little time I'm pretty sure we'll be able to get there. Three hours, maximum. I don't get it. I'm still hitting a file wall. You must have been one hell of a bartender. It's too bad there aren't any more of you around. We could certainly use the help. I wonder why you're the only one on board? Any conclusions? Then again, you could've been built just for this ship. If that's true, maybe you all look alike. A standard issue android. Hard to construct so only one allowed per vessel. The mission reports are gone. So are the medical records. [Riker's quarters] What bothers me, Captain, is how specific this damage is. Any records of a personal nature, any files that could tell us about who we are, those are the ones that are gone.
We can't get a pattern lock on their communicators because of the EM bursts, Captain. There's no way we can beam them out of there, not under these conditions. [Bridge] Chief, there's no guarantee you won't rematerialise in a million pieces if your signal gets caught up in that electromagnetic whirlwind. Captain, Chief O'Brien wants to beam down to the surface with a pattern enhancer. [Bridge] (at ops) I can't, Captain. They've already set up a remote security lock out. We'd have to shut down all computer function in the saucer section. I don't recognise the configurations, but they've completely isolated Ten Forward. That won't affect Data. No rescue plan will work unless we can knock out all three of them. I could hook up a modified laser scanner to a plasma inverter. Well, a plasma shock would definitely overload his neural net. It'll work on him too. I might be able to interrupt the forcefield for a few seconds, but I'll be fighting the computer for control. Timing would be critical. A micro-optic drill through the ceiling. They'll never detect it. Section two B, A, section one. I hear you. This is what starship designers call easy access. Yeah, yeah, this is it. I thought we might have a problem with conduit number two twenty seven but it looks like we're going to be able to get by it. (They remove deck grills and he hands Ro a small device) Good. Let's hook up the scanner and see what we've got. (She places the big device over her tiny hole and looks at the scene below on a monitor) We're halfway home. La Forge to Crusher. How're you doing? You should be able to do that by flooding Ten Forward with ionogenic particles. We still have to calibrate the plasma inverter, Commander. My guess is forty five minutes to an hour. [Bridge] I'm only going to be able to shut down the forcefield for about seven seconds before the computer compensates. Bridge, [Bridge] Ready? Forcefield down. Negative, Commander. Electromagnetic disturbances are even worse here. Scanners can't read a thing. I'm receiving the coordinates now. Just your basic ionic cyclone. I can't read a thing. I've got a good excuse for you. The transporters aren't going to work any better than the scanners. Yes, sir. [Ten Forward] I've isolated cargo bay four with a neutrino field, sir, but it'll only take Data and O'Brien a couple of minutes to override it, once they discover that it's there.
No question about it. She was bluffing,  Worf.  I'm still reading some chlorinide leakage, but I can't pin it  down.  Maybe up here.  (Geordi goes up a ladder to scan some barrels on a shelf)  You had jacks and eights, she bluffed you with a pair of  sixes.  Let's just say I had a special insight into the cards. Maybe  next time you should bring a deck that's not transparent to infrared  light. Not to worry, Worf. I only peek after the hand is over. Still  nothing. I'll get a dynoscan. We'll try again.  Yes. If anything changes, you let me know. Ensign, run a  dynoscan.  (Worf carries on scanning with the tricorder, as a barrel stacked on  top of the leaking one starts to topple forward until)  Worf!  La Forge to Sickbay! Medical emergency in cargo bay three! [Sickbay]
That's it, Commander, everything checks out. The energy buffer is installed and functioning. I estimate it should reduce the power drain to your systems by about forty percent. Lets just say you don't want to waste any time once you get in there. You'll have to give him continuous readouts on energy consumption. I can't even predict if the drain will be at a constant rate. Then that's it. Commander, I'll monitor you as far as I can, but once you get inside that pocket you're on your own. I'll notify Doctor Crusher to be standing by. (Soren and Riker get in the shuttlecraft) La Forge to Bridge. We're ready to initiate shuttle pre-launch sequence. [Bridge]
Initiating emergency core shutdown. We've got to eject the core! At first I thought the catwalk was spinning. As it turns out, it was me. Luckily Ensign Fletcher was there to grab me. It's a long way down to the bottom of the warp core. I have been putting a lot of extra hours on this Typhon Expanse project. What? What is it? No. Yeah, I'm positive. Why? I've never had these symptoms before today, so you must be thinking about another patient. Thanks, Doc. Goodnight. [Crusher's quarters] (Beverly is dead-heading a plant and sipping on a night-cap. She goes over to the bed, turns out the lights and puts down the glass. Once she's settled down, she starts hearing lots voices all jumbled up. As she reaches to put on the lights again, she knocks over the glass, and it breaks) [Observation lounge] As you can see, the Typhon Expanse is huge. If we want to chart the most remote star system, we'll have to launch a probe within the next few hours. That may pose a problem. The flux spectrometers are still down for re-alignment. They were, until the stellar dynamics lab decided they needed to install new modules. Maybe it's a problem with the comm. system. All main systems just went down. Power levels are dropping rapidly. Initiating emergency core shutdown. We've got to eject the engine core! At first I thought the catwalk was spinning. As it turns out, it was me. I was lucky Ensign Fletcher was there to grab me. It's a long way down to the bottom of the warp core. What? What is it? Now that you mention it, I think I have. No, I don't. Must be déjà vu. As far as the sensors are concerned, nothing unusual happened last night. All main systems just went down. Power levels are dropping rapidly. Initiating emergency core shutdown. We've got to eject the core! They're like blurry after-images. It could be a malfunction in the ship's warp field generator. I'll check it out. Aye, sir. (Geordi leaves) Looks like you managed to record six point two seconds worth. Let's see if we can filter the signal and clear it up a little bit. You heard the voices at the same time our localised subspace scan picked up a dekyon field distortion. The two may be related. Let's give another listen. This is going to sound pretty wild. Somehow, we've entered what seems to be a temporal causality loop. We think we're stuck in a particular fragment in time, and we've been repeating that same fragment over and over again. Our theory is this. Every time the loop begins again, everything resets itself, and starts all over. We don't remember anything that happened before, so each time through the loop, we think it's the first. A dozen, a hundred, it's impossible to tell. We could have been trapped here for hours, days, maybe years. It's the same thing with the phase shift in my visor. After-images in time. Worf refers to a distortion. If this were a temporal distortion, and if we were close enough to it, it's possible that a large enough explosion might've ruptured the space-time continuum. We collided, exploded, then got stuck in this repeating loop of time. That's our guess. Captain, we might not be able to figure out how to avoid this accident until it's too late. And if the loop begins again, we'll forget everything we've learned this time around. If we do find a way to avoid this collision, we should try to send that information into the next loop. Exactly. We could enhance a dekyon emission to create a specific pattern and send ourselves a message. Not a long one, probably only a few characters. Maybe one word. Now there's the catch. We have no way of knowing how this information will be perceived by Data. It might be like a posthypnotic suggestion. You know, it's possible we've tried this a thousand times and it's never worked. No, I don't. Let's test the emitter. Dekyon field active. Particle flux nominal. We're in business. All main systems just went down. Power levels are dropping rapidly. Initiating emergency core shutdown. We got to eject the core! At first I thought the catwalk was spinning. As it turns out, it was me. I was lucky Ensign Fletcher was there to grab me. It's a long way down to the bottom of the warp core. What? What is it? Now that you mention it, I think I have. No, I don't. Must be déjà vu. For an ear infection? No. Why? They're like blurry after-images. Could be a malfunction in the ship's warp field generator. I'll check it out. Aye, sir. Lateral sensors online. Subspace scanners active. Data, would you run a level two diagnostic on the warp subsystems? All threes. that can't be right. We have got a dekyon field fluctuation on deck nine, section twenty eight. La Forge here. Sensors just picked up something strange, too. We're checking it out. Doctor Crusher, are you all right? Worf refers to a distortion. If this were a temporal distortion, and if we were close enough to it, it's possible that a large enough explosion might've ruptured the space time continuum. We collided, exploded, then got stuck in this repeating loop of time. That's our guess. Captain. We've been seeing the number three all over the ship. On consoles, in a poker game. All of these threes can't be coming up by accident. We came to the same conclusion so we ran a shipwide diagnostic. The only unusual thing we found was a dekyon field modulation in Data's positronic subprocessors. I don't know, but if I wanted to send information from one loop to the next I might use a method like a dekyon emission. It would make sense. Maybe we are trying to tell ourselves something. It's a good idea. I'll have the computer run a pattern matching algorithm based on the number three. All main systems just went down. Power levels are dropping rapidly. Data, you must have picked up a message we sent from the last loop, and stacked the deck in the poker game without realising it. Soyuz class? They haven't been in service in over eighty years.
I don't know, Captain. The Academy has one of the best reconstructive analysis labs in Starfleet. I'm not sure there's much we could contribute to the investigation. Understood, sir. We'll get right on it. Nothing conclusive. We do know that the collision occurred about four seconds after the satellite images were recorded, but we still don't know how the ships got into the new formation or why the crash occurred. There're just too many variables to take into consideration. Speed, attitude, course. The starboard power flow was fluctuating. Fluidic pressure in the landing struts was low, but I don't know what difference that would make. That is a bit unusual. Normally the interlock is closed unless you're performing a check on the engine coolant levels. But there's no evidence Wesley was performing that sort of check. It's the first step in purging the plasma exhaust. Yeah, the engine would probably ignite the plasma.
That may be, but we've still got over two hundred reports of malfunctioning replicators. Well, we'd better look into it, whatever it is, before the captain decides to order dinner. [Jefferies tube] Yeah, dash six four. Here we are. Some kind of intermittent EM field pattern. Give me a hand with that, will you, Data? There's no plasma leakage, just a little negative ion charging. (and a large dollop of orange gloop which falls from the exposed circuitry) [Lwaxana's quarters] (Lwaxana has changed to white hair to match the silver grey long-sleeved throat to floor covering dress with bustle. Mister Homn looks on silently, as usual) When we opened the panel, we discovered that the interface had been transformed into a gelatinous material that we haven't been able to identify. (the ship shakes and alarms go off) Coming online now. We're almost there. (the shaking stops) The same thing that happened to the replicator happened to the stabiliser. The transfers in both systems were turned into this. Whatever it is, it looks like there's been a conversion process, transforming some of the metal into gelatinous residue. But what caused it is a mystery. Yes, sir. And we still don't know why the sensors didn't pick up the problems. Well, it looks like the only alloy common to both the replicator and the stabiliser is nitrium. Computer, analyze the nitrium content of both the affected stabiliser and replicator. According to the mass spectrometer, the elements in the residue have been broken down into simpler molecular structures. Maybe that's it, Data. If a living organism ingested the nitrium. If that's true, if something's eating away at the nitrium on the ship. That means the dilithium chamber is vulnerable, as well as the power transfer conduits. We'd better get to Engineering. [Worf's quarters] So far, these transfer conduits are clean, too. Hold on, I'm getting something here. There's a severe energy fluctuation in this access panel. (La Forge removes the cover and the silver stuff floats up the wall to the ceiling, then gloop starts to dribble down) [Holodeck - Shiralea] (the Juggler is unhappy) Once we saw that photonic trail moving through the wall, we realised we must be dealing with a metal parasite of some kind. No, sir, not that we can tell. But we've got nitrium everywhere. The computers, the life support, the ventilation, the engines, even the dilithium chamber. We should think about going back there. The parasites could possibly be lured back to the asteroids for a meal that's more appealing than we are. The problem is finding them. As soon as we spot an energy fluctuation, they've already consumed all the nitrium and have moved on. (the lights flicker) Primary power systems are going down. I've rerouted to the secondary generators. The parasites must've gotten into the primary warp controllers, Captain. Trying to do a bypass patch to isolate the backup controllers but it looks like warp six is about the best I'm going to be able to give you. [Bridge] Engineering to Bridge. We've got warp six point five but I don't know how much more coaxing [Bridge] We can do here. Injectors are failing. I'm rerouting to secondary injector power now. Watch the antimatter containment for any system failure. [Bridge]
We've been working from your drawings, Ambassador. I hope we're in the ballpark. Computer, run holodeck programme Krios One. Just let me know what you need. Listen, have you had a chance to see the dolphins yet? [Turbolift]
We've got elevated quantities of hydrogen, helium and trionium, but nothing the shields can't handle. We could steal a couple of hours from the Engineering team while they're recalibrating the thermal interferometery scanner. No problem. We'll just double up the main sensor bandwidth while they're freeing up the lateral unit. (the firefly follows for a while then goes down another corridor) [Sickbay] So what are we going to name this nebula? FGC forty seven just doesn't have the proper ring to it. That's a bit on the long side. Sutter, let's see if you can get a reading on the particle flux. I was thinking about something more along the lines of the La Forge Nebula. It's got sort of a majestic sound, don't you think? It felt like we hit something. Could be something wrong with the shields, Captain. We're checking it out now. So did we hit something or not? Shields say yes, sensors say no. This is very strange. Ensign, give me a breakdown on shield energy conversion and then run a spectral. (nearly steps on Clara) Whoa. Where did you come from? I hear you, Captain. I'm increasing the power to the impulse engines, but forward velocity just isn't consistent with engine output. It seems like there's something increasing the drag coefficient on the ship. [Bridge] Give me a couple of minutes here, Captain. That's great, Data. What'd you do? I don't have an explanation, Captain. We seemed to hit something, then we started losing speed. So far as we can tell, there's nothing out there to hit. And we still don't know why the problem suddenly corrected itself. The question is, do we stay here and check it out? Captain, I'd like to stay here for a little bit, collect some samples of the gaseous matter, see what it tells us. Okay, I've configured the magnetic coil to collect samples of gaseous matter from the nebula. Go ahead and activate the beam emitter. We'll take samples from eight random sections. That ought to give us a reliable measure. Two of them, as a matter of fact. My father was an exozoologist, my mother a Command officer. That's putting it mildly. They were always on the move. Some of the time together, sometimes separately. I never knew whether or not I was going to be stationed with my father while he studied invertebrates in the Modean system or on some outpost near the Neutral Zone with my mom. I don't remember it that way. Well, I suppose there were aspects of my childhood that were less than ideal, but to me it was just one long adventure. Children are a lot stronger than you think. As long as they know you love them, they can handle just about anything life throws at them, you know. Yeah, take a look at this. We tried radiating the subject matter with just about everything we could think of. We didn't find anything until we subjected it to a high frequency warp field. We think this is what we've been running into. We think so, now that the sensors can read it. It seems to be a highly cohesive form of plasma, like a strand of energy. When these things come in contact with our shields it produces a resonant effect, and that creates the drag coefficient we've been experiencing. No, sir. No, but if we run the warp field generators through the deflector grid, we could radiate a field outside the ship. Captain, we should be able to illuminate any strands within two thousand kilometres of the ship. Initiating field generation. Captain, with this many of them, the resonant effect on our shields could cause a problem. The stress on the hull would be too great. Strand density is ten times what it was, Captain. We can't take many more of these hits. We've got about eight minutes before this thing drains our shields. Aye, sir. [Clara's bedroom]
I'll set up a subspace damping field around the detention cell. They contain relatively straightforward programming, interface protocols. We have the files we downloaded after your experience, Captain. I think I can manage it. I'm not sure, sir. The subroutines are pretty complicated. I'd probably have to study the data processing algorithms. It's the only way I could trace the access codes. The Borg are so interconnected it would act like a virus. If this works the way I think it will, once the invasive programme starts spreading, it'll only be a matter of months before the Borg suffer total systems failure. He's emitting a homing signal and a second subspace beacon, but our damping field is blocking both signals. Aye, sir. (Picard leaves) I'll have to adapt a power conduit and install it in there. I'll have to go in to connect the power conduit. Good. Now stay that way. (the Borg steps forward) Just look around, pal. You're hardly in a position to make any demands. Who's we? Yeah, but there's only one of you. Do you have a name? A means of identification? There were five on your ship. Is that it? Just a number? It does kind of suit you. Okay. This is for you. It regulates the power flow to the frequency that you're used to. This connection should fit the coupling on your arm. You're welcome. Let's get out of here. He's hungry, all right. I'm just a nice guy at heart. You feeling better? That's right. And I hope to stay that way. That's gratitude for you. [Science lab] (with the apparatus they used when de-Borgifying Picard) I've been rationing his portions of energy. I think he understands. When he cooperates, he gets fed. If not. Look, if I'm going to figure out his command pathways, I need to learn how he processes information, and the only way I know to do that is by giving him perceptual tests. And for that, I need his cooperation. Doctor. Okay, I think we're ready to transport him. If he gives us any trouble, we can access the force field through that console. Are you ready? La Forge to transporter room three. We're ready here. Energise. (the Borg and a security man beam in. The Borg is inside the apparatus and plugs himself into a power conduit) Third of Five, this is Doctor Crusher. Doctor Crusher, this is Third of Five. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Listen, Third of Five, Doctor Crusher here has repaired a lot of the damage to your biochip implants. We want to run a few tests, make sure everything's working okay. Yes, but before that happens, could we ask you a few questions? Terrific. All right, hang on just a second here, Third of Five. Designation? Do you want one? No, no, wait a minute. That's it. Hugh. What do you think? No, not you. Hugh. I'm Geordi. It's the prosthetic eye. It seems to be giving him very complex visual information. That could be helpful. Hugh, I'd like to take a closer look at your eyepiece. Is that okay? Thanks. Other voices? Here. (he puts the eyepiece back on) We'll er, we'll send you home. You know, it's funny. When I first creating this invasive programme I didn't have a problem with it. The more I work with Hugh, the more I That's what we call him. Well, it was easier to have something to call him. Right. And he's nothing like what I expected. I don't know. It's like he's just some kid who's far way from home. Anyway, I'm having second thoughts about what we're doing here. I mean, programming him like some sort of walking bomb. Sending him back to destroy the others. Then why don't you go and talk to him. It might not be so clear cut then. Then why don't you just listen? That is what you do best, isn't it? [Bridge] I'm studying the components in your prosthesis. We're trying to learn more about you. Because you're different than we are. Part of what we do is to learn more about other species. Yeah. I know. Maybe it is. It's just not what we do. All right, think of it this way. Every time you talk about yourself, you use the word we. We want this, we want that. You don't even know how to think of yourself as a single individual. You don't say, I want this, or I am Hugh. We are all separate individuals. I am Geordi. I choose what I want to do with my life. I make decisions for myself. For somebody like me, losing that sense of individuality is almost worse than dying. No. Sometimes. But that's why we have friends. Sure. Someone you talk to, who will be with you when you're lonely. Someone who makes you feel better. That's it, Captain. We had to disguise it as something innocuous. The Borg have ways of screening out programme anomalies. When Hugh's imaging apparatus imprints this on his biochips, he'll try to analyse it. Then when the Borg download his memory, it'll be incorporated it into their network, then they'll try to analyse it. Not until the shape has gone through several hundred computational cycles. About another twenty hours. Doctor Crusher wants to make sure the new implants have taken hold. Captain. I have to admit I've been having second thoughts about this plan. Well, I've been getting to know him. The Borg. He's not what I expected, Captain. He's got feelings. He's homesick. I don't know. It just doesn't seem right using him this way. Aye, Captain. [Picard's quarters] (Picard is in his dressing gown when the doorbell rings) So you've reconsidered the plan? Does that seems right, to help him become an individual and then take that away from him? Hello, Hugh. It's not irrelevant, Hugh. It matters to us. Don't you understand, Hugh? We're giving you a choice. Yes, a choice. Do you want to go back with the Borg or stay with us? Hugh, think about this. Are you sure? Hugh, it's not too late to change your mind. Captain, I'd like to go down with him. We found you there, in the middle of that debris. Well, I guess this is it, huh? So long, Hugh.
It's a pretty strange set up, but it looks like the graviton field generator has been completely depolarised. There's no way to fix it. It'll have to be replaced. La Forge to Brossmer. Two people and one piece of equipment to beam aboard. [Transporter room] Ro. Boy, am I glad to see you. And I'm really glad that you can see me. It's like I'm here, but I'm not here. I can't figure it out. One minute we were transporting from the Romulan vessel, and the next I wake up in the arboretum with a splitting headache. Can you pass through things like bulkheads? Well, we're solid enough to each other. What do you mean? What? Is that some kind of a joke? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that we're some sort of spirits? But my uniform, my visor. Are you saying I'm some blind ghost with clothes? We are not dead. No. You may be ready for the afterlife, but I'm not. Fine. You go make peace with yourself, all right? I'm going to transporter room three. I'm going to figure a way out of this situation. [Transporter room] Really? A chroniton field? The transporter beam. La Forge to Ensign Ro. (then realises the comm. system doesn't work for them) [Bridge] (Ro follows a crewman out of the turbolift) Hey, there you are. Excuse me, Captain. Listen, Data's taking the next shuttle over to the Romulan vessel and we need to be on it. because I think what happened to us, the answers are over there. Look, if you're right then we're dead and this doesn't make any difference. But if I'm right, then we're still alive and I'm going to need your help. [Shuttlecraft] This is weird, listening to them plan our funeral. Data, that's a nice sentiment, but a little premature. I don't plan on being commemorated before my time. [Romulan Engineering] (Geordi sticks his head inside a piece of equipment) I've never seen anything like this. There's something in here that looks like a molecular phase inverter. It's supposed to change the structure of matter so it can pass through normal matter and energy. Hang on a second. A few years back, we got intelligence reports that the Klingons were working on trying to combine a phase inverter and a cloaking device. In theory, they believed that a phased ship could hide anywhere, even inside a planet, and that conventional weapons would be useless against it. It never got out of the preliminary stages. There were several accidents. The Romulans might be pursuing the same technology, trying to combine an inverter and a cloaking device. And if this is the prototype And us. Not just cloaked, phased. Our entire molecular structure altered so that we don't have any substance. Yes. It would also mean that there's probably a way to de-phase us. We've got to get to the Enterprise and warn them. I don't know, but we have to find a way. Come on. (A Romulan who had been sitting in a chair gets up, walks through a console and follows them. He gets to the Enterprise on a shuttle, too) [Engineering] The Romulans must be hiding it in a sensor return signal. Unless someone runs a level three diagnostic, they'd never detect it. There must be a way to warn them before the ship goes to warp. There's no reason why the interphase device would be producing new fields aboard this ship. Ro, look at this. Oh, yes they do. No, they're not. We were in every one of those locations. Somehow we're leaving chroniton footprints behind us. Why don't you go with her and see what the lateral sensors turn up. I'll stay here with Data. Well that's interesting. You're reading chroniton readings in here, but not from me? There's a field in this wall? Why? Data, I came through this wall. I walked right through it when I came in here. When the phased matter in my body passed through the wall, it must've disrupted the wall's molecular structure producing a chroniton field. Data, I'm right here that's me you're reading. Watch. (Geordi walks through the 'pool table' and Data detects the field) Come on, it's me. You see? [Bridge] (Ro follows Brossmer onto the Bridge, and discovers the Romulan) Data, stop being so rational. Try using your imagination once in a while. These aren't just random patterns, it's me! (Data catches Geordi's hand with his spray) Hey, watch where you point that thing. Wait a minute, Data, I think you did something here . It's not so easy to push through any more. The molecules in my hand must have been partially de-phased by the anyon beam. Data, if a low level beam can bring my hand part of the way back, maybe a high level beam can bring me all of the way back. I'll just have to get you to turn up the beam intensity so that. Hey, wait a minute, don't stop now. No, no, no. Data, don't give up on it. It works, I was just creating more fields. Your method is fine. You just need to turn up the intensity, Data. [Corridor] (The Romulan has Ro at gunpoint) Is that Ro? Ro! Any time. [Bridge] There's still no indication that the Romulans set up a muon wave in our dilithium chamber. Now what? No, Captain wait. Yeah, well the beam strength would have to be pretty strong in order for us to be visible for more than a millisecond. Somebody's going to have to be looking directly at us. Ten Forward? Well, that's perfect. We'll create as many chroniton fields in there as we can. Get them to flood that room with a stronger beam. [Turbolift] It's our memorial service. Why not? Yeah. It's perfect. Come on, let's get started. (Ro fires the disrupter at random targets around the room) Here we go. (they brace themselves, and sparkle briefly) Worf! Worf, can you see us? We're right here, Worf. Damn. Yeah, I know. We've got to do something now, before they go into warp. Do it. Okay, hang on. (Ro and Geordi are right next to Picard and Data when they sparkle and are faintly visible) Data, can you see us? We're right here! We're right here! (and fade away again) Come on, Data. Put it all together now. Data, please be right. Data, do you see us? La Forge to Engineering. Take the warp engines off line until further notice. There's a muon wave build up in the dilithium chamber. It looks like a great party. Do you mind if we join you? Thanks, Data. I've never been to a better funeral. (later, the party is over and Ro and Geordi are alone. Geordi is eating) Could you pass the rolls? Come on. We didn't eat for almost two days. I'm hungry. What's wrong? Come on. Maybe we should develop our own interphase device. If it can teach Ro Laren humility, it can do anything. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Not a very sophisticated technology. Maybe. I've picked up some residue on the probe's shell. I think it came from the propulsion system. Looks like it used a solid propellant as fuel. Sensors read this stuff as crystalline emiristol. It produces a radioactive trail that ought to be traceable. I'll get right on it. Commander Riker, we've started to receive telemetry from the probe we launched. We've charted the alien probe's radiation trail for over one light year. Looks like a star system in the Silarian sector. Kataan.
Well, I can't tell you exactly who the aliens were, but I have found out a few things. The triolicised rock face tells us we're probably dealing with a species with microcentrum cell membranes. Triolic waves wouldn't harm them. It also might mean they're shape shifters of some kind. I don't think it's anyone we've run into before. Nothing we found matches up with any known lifeforms. What does match up is a cellular fossil which might have been along just for the ride. A microscopic ciliated lifeform. Not unlike a thousand other single-celled lifeforms you'd find on any planet surface, except this particular one is LB one zero four four five. And LB one zero four four five is only known to exist on one place. Devidia Two, in the Marrab sector. So, do you want to talk about it? Yeah. Yeah. Data, this has got to bother you a little. Comforting? I never knew how tough this must be for you. Knowing that you would outlive all your friends. True. Now that you know that you might not? I never thought of it that way. I'll see you later. Let's get together for a game of chess or something, okay? (Data leaves) Yeah. They found Data's head a mile beneath San Francisco. Been down there about five centuries. It's something, isn't it? He seems fine about it. Better than I am. Well, I'd better get to Engineering. (Geordi leaves) The concentration of triolic waves falls off about here. It increases exponentially the closer in we go. Negative, Commander. I don't have one yet. La Forge to Enterprise. Data, run a spectral field correlation for me. Let's find out if these triolic readings are in any way related [Bridge] That explains a few things. How much, Data? Well, whatever or whoever is there, we're out of phase with it, but we're only talking by a fraction of a second. A millisecond, a year, it wouldn't make any difference. If what we're reading is true, then we're occupying the same space but in a different time. But to get a point zero zero four variance, we'd need an incredibly sensitive phase discriminator, Data. I don't think we've got one that would come close. Let me give you a hand with that, Data. (Geordi works with a device Data has brought) The subspace field has been established. You're set to go, Data. Okay, that's enough Data. Come on back now, It's not going to be easy to reproduce what Data did. We can create a contained subspace field, but we'd need an extraordinarily sensitive phase discriminator to get that point zero zero four variance. It won't be as good as Data's. I don't know. I can try. It's going to take some time though. I can probably create a large enough subspace field to encompass everyone. But adjusting the phase inside the field, that's going to be the hard part. Okay, Counsellor, right over there. (Troi puts down the pattern enhancer look-alike) Sir. We're ready now, Captain. The subspace field is established. I've modified this tricorder to interface with the subspace generator. It should allow me to control the phase discrimination, assuming this is going to work at all. I need everyone within the field. Adjusting synchronic distortion. Point zero zero one. Point zero zero two. (images of creatures start to appear) Point zero zero three. Point zero zero four. The phase displacement might not bring us far enough into their perceptual range.
You know, we might even be able to rig some kind of alien alarm system. None. The tricorder's broadcasting random emissions on all frequencies his sub-processors might pick up, but the range is limited. Almost anything could interfere. (there's a knock at the door) She's back. (Geordi takes off his visor) There, by that bed. I can see an afterimage of triolic waves. They've been here recently. I'd say within the last twenty four hours. Doctor! (Geordi gets the snake cane off the male and Riker stuns him to no effect. The couple vanish) (Data's contraption goes crazy, he checks a map and rushes out.) Boy, are we glad to see you. If we tune a phaser to the approximate frequency of triolic waves and lay down a field burst, it might respond. (the phaser shot turns the cane head into a writhing snake's head) These look like minute distortions in the space-time continuum, like the one we saw on Devidia Two. Any device like that would produce significant levels of triolic waves. Like the ones in the cavern where Data's head was found. I'm not so sure. My visor is picking up crystalline fractures. These cavern walls have undergone some kind of selective molecular polarisation. In fact, if I'm right this whole cavern has been configured to focus the space-time distortion. Just like a lens. Captain, we think we might be on to something. The cavern itself seems to be acting as a focusing mechanism. I'm willing to bet it's the same at their habitat back on Devidia Two. Truthfully, I don't know that we can get back. The aliens use triolic energy as a power source. The energy our phasers generates might not be entirely compatible. Commander. (Data's headless body is lying on the floor, clutching the cane) Let's have Data's body taken to the science lab. I'll try and re-attach the head we have. Yeah, but it's the best chance we've got. Not so far. His activating units won't initialise. I thought they would have been protected by his buffering programme, but I guess five hundred years is just too long a wait. Yeah. It was found in the cavern where Data's head was. I guess after five hundred years, that's not likely to work either. Computer, initialise the reload circuits. Okay. Data? This ought to do it. (does something to his positronic net) I don't get it. I don't understand why isn't this working. Computer, run me a diagnostic on the input polarisers. Intermittent? (Geordi opens the back of Data's head) What? An iron filing. How'd that get in there? [Cavern] (Picard picks up Data's head and opens the back, then uses a piece of metal to do something to the circuits) [Bridge] Computer, run another diagnostic on the input polarisers. Well, then, that ought to do it. Okay, Data. Come on, now. Yeah, but La Forge to Riker. Hold your fire! [Bridge] If we outfit the photons with phase discriminators we could get the variance we need. At least a couple of hours. Aye, sir.
We can beam them over there, Captain, but with all this interference, we might not get a positive lock to bring them back. That's a good idea, Barclay. Captain, I think we can do it. We're going to bridge the two transporter systems. Aye sir. Barclay, I'm going to need a systems engineer on this Away Team. I meant you, Barclay. Dern can do that. Come on, let's go. [Transporter room] Reg, you're up. Reg. Maybe they abandoned ship. There was an explosion. That much we do know. I've ruled out a reactor core failure and there's no sign of a systems overload. How is that possible? The transporter is still functioning. Reg. Welcome aboard. You ready to work? Good. Why don't you start by downloading the ship's science logs over there. I don't know how these fit in, but I found them all around the transporter platform. They look like pieces of a standard sample container. Mission logs, science logs, medical logs, they're all scrambled. Looks like the blast wiped out the ship's core memory. It's worth a try. Like what? No, not really. This looks hopeless. We're not going to get anything out of these logs. You know, maybe this broken sample container I found can tell us something. Let's try to get this thing back into one piece. Where? Sometimes my visor picks up resonance patterns from the matter energy conversion. It's actually kind of pretty. Why? Reg, what are you getting at? Did you saw something during transport? Something? We'd better check it out. When we're done here, we'll run a full diagnostic on the transporter, all right? The pattern buffer is fine. Reg, there's a lot of energy floating around in the beam. Maybe you saw a surge in the matter stream. Reg, how many transporter accidents have there been in the last ten years? Two? Three? There are millions of people who transport safely every day without a problem. Reg, transporting really is the safest way to travel. [Sickbay] (the autopsy is underway) Plasma? There's no way they could've been exposed, unless it was matter from the streamer. No. Data, what's the report on that broken sample container? Captain, if there's evidence of similar ionisation in those fragments, it could mean they tried to beam aboard material from the streamer. Aye, sir. [Engineering] (Barclay's drinking from a flask, checking his glands and generally being a hypochondriac) From the looks of these fracture patterns, I'd say that the explosive force came from within the container. So they were collecting samples from the plasma streamer. They had the proper container. How could it have exploded? That's a good idea. We'll prepare a new container. Reg, I don't want to take any chances here. Start setting up a level five containment field here in Engineering, okay? Thanks, Data. [Jefferies tube] Reg? You okay? You look a little pale. Look, Reg, it's been a long couple of days. Why don't you get some rest. We've got everything under control here. La Forge to Counsellor Troi. Counsellor, do you have a minute? [Corridor] Activating containment field. Well, that should do it. Okay, Reg. We've locked onto the coordinates of the plasma streamer. Go ahead and beam aboard a sample, will you? Okay. What would they have done first? That sounds like a good place to start. Let's get it done. Barclay, check the containment field. My visor's picking up bio-magnetic energy. Highly complex patterns. You know, I think these things are alive. Reg. (Barclay has passed out) Reg? (Barclay has a lot of purple skin now) Reg. [Sickbay] We didn't detect them until we tried to run the resonance frequency scan. Apparently, they didn't like it very much. They shattered the sample container. Exactly. When we linked up with their transporter system, one or more of the microbes must have got into our system. We think they're still caught in the buffer. It might explain what you saw. The biofilter should have screened them out but it didn't. Right, but if we held Barclay suspended in mid-transport at the point where matter starts to lose molecular cohesion. And then reprogram the biofilters to screen the microbes out. I think this'll work, Reg. We'd have to hold you in there for a while. Thirty, forty seconds. It's tough to tell. But I think it'd be safe. Ready, Reg? Starting biofilter scan. (Barclay sees a maggot in the matter stream) His signal resolution's dropped to fifty five percent. I know, I know. Just give me one more second. We need more dispersion. Increase phase transition frequency Got it. Pattern acquisition Positive. Don't worry, Reg. This won't hurt a bit. (now there are three 'microbes' with Barclay. He grabs the first one and clutches it to his chest) There's something in the beam with him. Security to Transporter room three. Reg, what happened? It looks like he pushed molecular dispersion past the integrity point. Your patterns got caught in the beam.
Yeah, here we go. Biofilter log on Sev Maylor. I don't think so. Why do you ask? Well I can run a diagnostic of the biofilter system and your tricorder.
Life support is barely operating. Commander. The transporter is still online. It's being fed power from the auxiliary systems. That's not all. The phase inducers are connected to the emitter array. The override is completely gone and the pattern buffer's been locked into a continuous diagnostic cycle. There's a pattern in the buffer still. I don't know. I've never seen a transporter jury-rigged like this. I know a way to find out. (The portly, silver-haired, late middle-aged figure of a certain starship chief engineer materialises. He is wearing a TOS movie era uniform and his left arm in a sling) Someone else's pattern is still in the buffer? Not to worry, Commander. I'll take care of him, sir. (Worf and Riker leave) Those were replaced with isolinear chips about forty years ago. It's a lot more efficient now. That's an EPS power tap. So, you were saying earlier that you were on your way to the Norpin Colony when you had a warp engine failure? [Corridor] Yeah, it is. You were saying its big as life. You mean the Dyson Sphere? Yeah, it's pretty amazing. So, what happened when you first approached it? Can I ask you a question? What in the world made you think of using the transporter pattern buffer to survive? Yeah, but locking it into a diagnostic cycle so that the pattern wouldn't degrade, and then cross-connecting it phase inducers to provide a regenerative power source, that's absolutely brilliant. I think you're going to enjoy the twenty fourth century, Mister Scott. We've made some pretty incredible advances these last eighty years. Wait until you see the holodeck. [Sickbay] I'll get right on it, sir. I need to get down to Engineering and begin that analysis. We're pretty busy down there, anyway, Captain Scott. I promise I'd be happy to give you a tour just as soon as the doctor says it's okay. I want you to shut down the warp engines and recalibrate the aft sensors while I work on the lateral array. Bartel, it's okay. I'll handle it. Captain Scott, this really isn't Scotty, this really isn't a good time for a tour. We're running a phase seven survey of the Dyson Sphere. That's very kind, but I'm sure we can handle it. You're right. We'd be grateful for any help you can give us. Adjust the frequency stabilisation on the main deflector dish. It's out of synch with the aft sensors. What? We use a multiphase auto-containment field now. It's meant to operate above three percent. Thank you, Lieutenant. Thank you. We recomposite the crystals while they're still inside the articulation frame. Look, Mister Scott, I'd love to explain everything to you, but the Captain wants this spectrographic analysis done by thirteen hundred hours. Yeah, well I told the Captain I'd have this analysis done in an hour. An hour. Of course I did. Captain Scott. I've tried to be patient, I've tried to be polite. But I've got a job to do here, and quite frankly, you're in the way. We did try to download their memory core, but it was pretty heavily damaged in the crash. We actually haven't been able to get much out of it. It's possible. He does know those systems better than any of us. I'll have Lieutenant Bartel beam down with him. Me, sir? I'll go with him, sir. Are you feeling all right? Okay. Energise. [Bridge] Okay. I've got three access lines to the central core. Still nothing. Huh? I don't know. It seems like some of it's held together pretty well. Well you know, that's interesting because I was just thinking that a lot of these systems haven't changed much in the last seventy five years. This transporter is basically the same system we use on the Enterprise. Subspace radio and sensors still operate under the same basic principle. Impulse engine design hasn't changed much in the last two hundred years. If it wasn't for all the structural damage, this ship might still be in service today. I don't know. If this ship were operational I bet she'd run circles around the Enterprise at impulse speeds. Just because something's old doesn't mean you throw it away. I haven't seen anything like that in a long time, but I bet I might be able to come up with something similar. La Forge to Enterprise. La Forge to Enterprise, come in, please. No, they're gone. [Bridge] I can't find them anywhere in orbit. No, we'd be picking up background radiation if they'd gone down. Maybe. Whatever happened, we've got to find them. If we can get these engines back online, we could track them with their impulse ion trail. The tank can't withstand that kind of pressure. What do you mean, where did I get that idea? It's in the impulse engine specifications. Yeah. Okay. Hey, you were right. The auxiliary tank is holding. Oh, no, you're the senior officer here. All right. [Bridge] (the Enterprise glows orange in close orbit of the star) It looks like some kind of doorway. No bet here. The question is how? So they didn't go in willingly. This looks like some kind of communications array. Did you try hailing them? Hailing is standard procedure today, too. Scotty, what if those aren't communications arrays? What if they're access terminals which are triggered by subspace signals on certain frequencies. Exactly. The Enterprise, when they saw that terminal, they probably did the same thing you did seventy five years ago. Opened a channel. Only this time they triggered something that activated that hatch and pulled the ship inside the sphere. Yeah. We could probably trigger the hatch ourselves, only we'd get pulled in like they were. You can't be serious. That hatch is huge. It'll crush this ship like an egg. Scotty, it's crazy. All right. Let's do it. (later) We're at five hundred thousand kilometres. Okay. Here we go. (the four beams shoot out and start searching for something to lock on to as the spacedoors open) Come on. There's nothing out here. Give it up. (the beams cut out and the doors start to close again) That's it. Let's go! Full impulse. (the Jenolen parks in the doorway, shields glistening as the spacedoors press against them) [Bridge] We're using the Jenolen to hold open the hatch that you came through, but our shields aren't going to hold out much longer. [Bridge] I've lost helm control. La Forge to Enterprise. Captain, we're not going to be able to move this ship out of the way when you get here. [Bridge] So, this alien space baby, which was about the size of a four story building, really thought the Enterprise was its mother. No, really. It was suckling power directly from the ship's fusion reactors, so Doctor Brahms and I changed the power frequency from twenty one centimetres to point oh two centimetres. That's right. Actually, I had a better idea. [Shuttlebay] (the senior staff are gathered by a shuttlecraft) She's a little slow, but she'll certainly get you to the Norpin colony. If that's really where you want to go. Yeah, they are. You take care of yourself out there.
Lieutenant Shipley, let's get a triangulation on these sector points. Well, the cluster's a lot more dense than we thought. It's going to take three days just to map out one tenth of it. I think we've found a way to speed that up a bit. We've been testing a way of channelling warp energy directly to the main deflector grid. It should enhance the long range sensors. We'd channel it through the EPS mains on deck four, near Cargo bay four. Data, let's get those field taps online. I can't wait to see what he's come up with. [Ten Forward] (Data is giving his recital to a slightly restless audience) Everything's in place. Warp grid couplers, subspace field taps. All right, let's do it. Lieutenant Shipley, initiate warp power transfer. Come on, work. Inform Astrophysics that the new La Forge sensor array is online and awaiting major scientific discoveries. Sure, Data. What is it? Well, it was very well constructed, a virtual tribute to form. And what? Well. Well, your poems were clever, Data, and your Haiku was clever, and your sonnet was clever. But did it evoke an emotional response? To be honest, no, I don't think so. No, it's not that you didn't succeed. You accomplished a lot, but, if you want to touch people, don't concentrate so much on rhyme and metre. Think more about what you want to say instead of how you're saying it. (a alarm sounds) That's the power grid warning. Where? I've got three people in there. Damage control, medical team to Cargo bay four. Let's go. [Corridor] (everyone strolls along calmly) And there's no evidence of an EPS explosion. I think my modification to the sensor array may have caused a pattern recognition failure. That's my guess. Aye, sir. Sure, Commander. Goodnight. Gordon. (Geordi rings a doorbell) [Riker's quarters] Commander, it's oh seven hundred hours. [Barber shop] Just before the grid alarm sounded, we were running warp power through this junction. Somehow, it must've tripped the internal scanners. Yes, but the question is, why? I've made modifications to the sensors before but nothing like this has ever happened. (He comes down the ladder) (yawns) Excuse me. I'm sure we could all use a little shore leave after this survey's completed. Yeah. Data, I'm wondering if you could give me a hand. I need to run a structural integrity scan. I want to make sure that none of the conduit was (Geordi sways) This is the second time today that my visor's just cut out like that. I don't know. I just had a very weird feeling. Maybe I should go to Sickbay. Thanks, Data. [Sickbay] An infection? From what? How's the scan going, Data? Data, I've been there for over an hour and a half. I'm telling you, Data, I've been gone for over an hour. What have you been doing all this time? You know, first we picked up a false EPS explosion, then my visor cuts out twice, and now you lose an hour, all in the Cargo Bay. La Forge to Engineering I want a diagnostic team to Cargo bay four immediately. Don't tell me. This can't be right. Data, come here and take a look at this, would you? I think we have another sensor glitch. From within this room? That's impossible. This is where it gets a little wild, Captain. Behind that panel is a junction we were using to transfer warp power to the sensor array. We're reading a subspace particle stream emanating from that junction. We don't understand it either, sir. Something from that deep in subspace shouldn't be able to exist in our universe. But there it is. Not unless it spreads. If it does, we can beam the bulkhead into space and erect a forcefield in its place. Aye, sir. [Ten Forward] When my visor cut out in the cargo bay, I had a weird feeling too. It was something about a smooth surface. It was smooth and cold, Yeah, it was cold. Right. Like a bench, or a table Yeah, and it had a rectangular shape. It's too high. Computer, reduce the height of the table by twenty five percent. Yeah, that's starting to look right. There was a light right in my face. A bright light. Computer, give me a bright light right above the table. I couldn't tell. It was above me. An overhead lamp. I don't know. It was at least two or three metres above. Brighter. Brighter. I've been in this room before. Are you sure? We're on it, sir. (Data and LaForge leave) Any progress with the analysis, Lieutenant? Data, the tetryon emissions have intensified. They seem to be focusing in this direction, coalescing here. They're reading as a point of subspace energy. The tetryon emissions are modulating in a way that looks like somebody's controlling the energy. You know, the signals from the modifications I made to the sensor array, some of them dig pretty deep into subspace. Maybe they caught somebody's attention. Maybe we should try surrounding it with a subspace containment field. [Bridge] We've set up a containment field in cargo bay four, but the rupture just keeps expanding. I'd say we've got another five or six hours before it breaches the hull. We think we can close the rupture by neutralising the tetryon emissions with a coherent graviton pulse. But we'd have to do that at the source. Good question. The emissions are coming from a tertiary subspace domain, but subspace has an infinite number of domains. It's like a huge honeycomb with an endless number of cells. We need to isolate the exact cell that these emissions are coming from. That's a good idea, but there's no way to get that device to the source. If you had a homing device, we could track it to your location in subspace. And as soon as they send you back to the ship, we could transmit the graviton pulse and neutralise the tetryon emissions. I've locked this tricorder into a continuous cycle. That way, it'll keep recording whether you open it or not. Hopefully you can bring back some information about their domain. We've modified a sensor relay emitter to transmit a subspace beacon. When this indicator lights up, it means that we've locked onto your location. (Geordi fastens the device to Riker's arm) I still can't locate the homing signal. We've covered the entire upper subspace energy band. We're extending the scan to adjacent levels. I can try to augment the field with auxiliary power, but it won't be much. Aye, sir. [Alien lab] (An alien returns to Riker and scans him then shuffles off again. The emitter starts beeping) [Engineering] Captain, I've located the homing signal. Locking onto it now. It's coming from a subspace energy level of sixteen point two keV. Initiating pulse now. [Alien lab] (a bright hole appears in the wall. The alien rushes to confer with a colleague) [Cargo bay] Looks like somebody is fighting back. I can try to set up a random frequency shift. If we can keep them from guessing our pulse modulation, they might not be able to compensate. [Alien lab] (Riker is sitting up and being ignored by the aliens) [Cargo bay] They're reacting faster than we can shift frequencies. Shipley, programme the emitters for full spectrum pulse compression. I want to channel all of the graviton energy into a single burst. Let's see if they can handle that. Recharge the emitters. Let's hit them again. Come on. We're almost there. One more burst should do it. We think that's why they couldn't come through into our space, as easily as they could take us into theirs. They needed to learn how to remodulate their cellular energy states in order to survive in our universe. That's probably what they were trying to do in cargo bay four. Create a pocket of their universe in ours. It looks like they found us initially by discovering my modified sensor signal. We should warn all Starfleet ships not to make that same mistake. Maybe it was a probe of some kind.
It's no use. The heat has fused the injectors shut. We're losing containment. A few minutes at most. Going to have to This is impossible. Captain, I don't know what's happening, but the reaction is stabilising on its own. (Picard looks at Amanda)
Chief, I got the sensor report on the shuttle break-up. It looks like the break-up began near the starboard bulkhead. My visor's picking up some torsional stress damage, some micro-fractures. Hang on a second. What's this? Yeah, but look. (Geordi crumbles it into dust) That's not tritanium anymore. Somehow the molecular structure of this alloy's been changed, broken down into its constituent elements. Yeah. I want to get a sample of this down to Engineering and run a metallurgical analysis. [Ro's quarters] We think the shuttle was caught in a molecular reversion field, which caused the structure of the ship to deteriorate. When the field penetrated the hull, it also began to affect the shuttle's crew. Exactly. With those key sequences missing, the transporter reconstructed them as children. Those last shots took out auxiliary power and emergency back-up. It's going to take at least an hour to get [Bridge]
Captain we'd like your permission to take the Engineering computer offline for a couple of hours. We're working on a new interface that would allow Data to act as an emergency backup in the event of a ship-wide systems failure. It's possible we may even be able to run secondary systems through Data. Weapons control, sensor arrays. As a matter of fact, I am, Data. What do you think? You're right. Give it a few more days. (La Forge plugs the other ends of the cable into Data's head) Okay, I'm going to need to access your auxiliary inputs. I must admit, Data, I never get used to seeing you like this. But you're not just another electronic system. All right, that should do it. Are you ready? All right, let's see what you can do. [Deadwood, main street] (a woman in a state of extreme undress whistles at Worf from a balcony) Forward sensor array coming online. We're getting a clear scan. Dampers online. Maintenance check in progress. Data, I think we're on to something here. Let's see what you can do with secondary systems. Try gravitational control. What's wrong? You all right? (disconnecting Data) Maybe the interface coding isn't as stable than we thought. Looks like we've got a couple of hours of systems analysis before we can try this again. Let's check the interface programming. (Data picks up a tricorder, flips it over, then pushes it down into his 'holster') [Sheriff's office ] (Eli is in the jail) Well, the PADDs are functioning normally. It seems to be a problem with the information retrieval net. Somehow when you tried to call up your play, the computer accessed Data's literary files. We'd better run a level two diagnostic on the computer. See if this problem has spread to any other systems. That's a good idea. Oh yeah, don't worry. It's in here somewhere. [Deadwood street] (Alexander is coming back along the board walk with a bag of money, when he is grabbed) [Mine workings] We think our interface experiment may have caused one of the computer's core subroutines to be altered. Library computer access, replicator selection, recreational programming. No critical systems. It's the same with Doctor Crusher's play, and with the food replicators. There, Data, you did it again. Aye, sir. (Data walks with a cowhand's roll, and spits in the plant in the corner) [Sheriff's office] (in the cell, Eli is shuffling cards with Data's speed) Specifically, the files relating to the nineteenth century American West. I'm afraid so. But we've initiated a progressive memory purge to restore Data's programming to its original state. He should be back to normal in a couple of hours. We started a memory purge there as well. It'll take another hour, maybe two.
Actually, I'm not sure yet. Why, Worf? Thank you, Commander. Some of the most distinguished men in history have worn beards, Doctor. Doctor, it sounds to me like you feel beards are nothing more than an affectation. Wait a minute, wait a minute. What if you lose? What are you going to give up? Yeah, yeah, we'll take that bet. Two hundred. Doctor Farallon. The original design called for the particle fountain to lift five hundred kilograms per minute from the surface. So far we haven't come close to that. Yeah, but you realise of course you're going to be overloading the field generators in the process. Doctor, forgive me, but maybe we should concentrate on completing this phase of the project before we start talking about re designing it. Starfleet is considering using a particle fountain on Carema Three. They want to know how feasible it is. No, not really. I'll make my report to Captain Picard. He'll make the official recommendation to Starfleet. They'll decide. Well, it seems to me the question we should be asking is, is this technology is more efficient than conventional mining techniques? I know this can be potentially very exciting. La Forge here. We have a malfunction in one of the power grids. We're losing particle stream confinement. Stand by. I'm sorry, Doctor, I think we're going to have to shut it down. Look, e have less than five minutes before we lose confinement. When that happens, the particle stream is going to flood this entire station. We're going to have to shut it down then anyway. Yeah, bow do we do that? The defective grid is two hundred metres down conduit A two. We have to disassemble four bulkheads just to get to it. What is this? The confinement field is at full strength. Particle flux steady. All power levels are back to normal. [Bridge] We're fine, Data. The power grid is fully restored. (the exocomp returns) The malfunction seems to have been repaired and operations over here at the station are all back to normal. [Bridge] You know, I'm not exactly sure. Captain's log, stardate 46315.2. Repairs to the particle fountain seem to have succeeded and it is now functioning smoothly. Doctor Farallon is coming aboard to demonstrate the device that carried out the repairs. [Transporter room] Why don't we set up in Engineering. Doctor, this way please. Boridium power converter. Axionic chip network. It's very impressive. In terms of sheer computational speed, this little guy might be able to compete with you, Data. A mode stabilizer. Very nice. It's impressive technology, that's for sure. Once it's out of the experimental stage, there'll be plenty of applications. At sixteen hundred hours. Well, I guess the only risk is in falling even further behind. Well, let's see what our computer has to say. That's strange. is there any evidence of secondary power surges? But what's going on there? Data, increase the magnification of section gamma four. What is it? That leaves you with only two. It's going to slow you down. I only wanted to say that we'd be happy to add on an extra shift to pick up the slack. It's okay. You've got a lot on your shoulders. I feel sorry for her. This project has had nothing but problems. Why did that plasma conduit explode? I guess it's a good thing the exocomp malfunctioned. Almost seems like it knew just when to leave. Of course not. On my way. [Data's quarters] Here you are. I thought you'd be hard at work by now. I've come to tell you I've assigned two engineering teams to work on the particle fountain. You know, I really want you to know that I do admire the work that you've done. And I'm sorry the exocomps aren't working out. You know, I'll bet you were the kind of little girl who was always climbing one branch higher than the other kids. And I bet you never fell. Well, if it comes down to sheer determination, I know you'll get this particle fountain built. Murphy's team will cover gamma shift from twenty three hundred to oh seven hundred hours. Okay, Doctor, I've split the Engineering teams among all the shifts, and if nothing else goes wrong, that should be enough to help you finish on time. Do you think they'll toe the line? Data, you're claiming that this exocomp may be alive because it demonstrated survival instincts, right? Then why don't we just threaten its survival again and see what happens? Doctor, we're pretty much ready here. You can begin programming it. What we've done, Captain, is to recreate a situation similar to the one the exocomp encountered in the plasma conduit. Yes, sir. We're running a transient overload signal that will simulate a failure in exactly one minute. Okay. Beginning test programme now. One minute. (the exocomp heads off) Fifty seconds. (it gets to work) Thirty seconds. (it stops and hesitates, then continues) Ten seconds. Five, four, three, two, one. That's it. If this had been for real, that conduit would've exploded with the exocomp inside. Go ahead, Doctor, bring it back in. It looks like there's still some difficulty with the phase selectors. Maybe it's another power grid malfunction? Captain, a radiation field is going to flood this chamber. We've got to get everybody out of here immediately. The radiation is setting up a field ionisation effect, Captain. We've got less than a minute to beam out of here. I'll get him. Takenta! (Geordi disappears from view then there's a big flash) Yeah, I'm fine, Captain. I only caught the edge of it. He's dead. [Transporter room] Captain, if I can access the field emitters, we should be able to establish a force field. See if you can link your console to my command system sub-routine. Okay, here we go. Yeah, I know. The radiation levels are too high. The emitters are beginning to deteriorate. Not very long. Maybe we can help him out. See if you can access the emergency shut down routine. I'll try to activate the ionic dampers. [Bridge] What are they up to? They're trying to distort the particle stream frequency. That might open up a window that the Enterprise can use to beam us out. If they can modulate the radiation field, it'll work, but they'll have to get the sub-harmonic frequencies to resonance. The particle stream frequency is beginning to fluctuate. They're having a little difficulty controlling the feedback. It may be more power than they can handle. No, sir. We've done all that we can do. It's up to them now. They're balancing the power absorption rates. It's working. The particle stream is beginning to distort. Almost at resonance. They've got it. One of them had to continue disrupting the particle stream. Absorbing that much power could prevent a signal lock.
I wonder how permanent this is going to be. Coil efficiency is well within specifications, Captain. Fifteen percent. If we take this grid offline, we're going to have to shut down exobiology, the astrophysics lab and geological research. Sure, if everybody works around the clock for the next two days. Commander, he's asked me to completely reroute half the power systems on the ship, change every duty roster, realign the warp coils in two days, and now he's transferred a third of my department to Security. Yeah, well, I don't mind making changes and I don't mind hard work, but the man isn't giving me the time I need to do the work. Someone's got to get him to listen to reason. Well then, can I make a suggestion? Talk to Captain Picard. Maybe he can do something. We just need a little time.
Why do you say that? Maybe they were interested in something that he did in the past. Something that happened while he was Captain of the Enterprise. They might have assumed Captain Picard would know those defence plans. Aye, sir. [Interrogation room] (Madred has brought his daughter to work, and a pet in a cage. Picard is sitting slumped in the chair, wearing a loose tunic) It looks like they had some minor hull degradation along their warp nacelles. The distribution pattern indicates a recent exposure to a molecular dispersion field. The McAllister C Five nebula's just across the border. It's approximately seven light years from Federation space. It's possible, but they wouldn't be able to stay in there for very long. The particle flux in the nebula would begin to break down a ship's hull just after seventy two hours. Minos Korva is only eleven light years from the nebula, and the Cardassians tried to annex it during the war. Captain, what if you're wrong? What if the Cardassians are in that nebula to conduct scientific research? We're almost done, sir. I've shielded the engine nacelles and the transporter system so they won't be affected by the particle flux from the nebula. Yes, sir. Is that right? I was on that run myself for a while. Oh, yeah. You set a course directly for Titan, hold it until you're just brushing the atmosphere, throw the helm hard over and whip around the moon at point seven c. You know, this trip into the nebula's going to need someone who can do Titan's Turn in their sleep. These mines need to be laid within two kilometres of the Cardassian ships. But the particle flux from the nebula will blind all the sensors except for this proximity detector. You're going to need one heck of a pilot to pull that off. I could do it, but truthfully, the man you want is Commander Riker. He's the best there is. [Riker's quarters] (Riker is in casual clothes, reading, when the doorbell rings) We've lost primary navigation. Switching to secondary systems. Sensors inoperative. The proximity detector is working. We should be able to read their ships at a distance of five hundred metres. Do I want to know how close that was?
But, Holmes! The vial of poison found in his hand. You don't mean? Then what was the cause of death? Er, Data, it's in his right hand. Freeze programme. La Forge to Barclay. Reg, something went wrong with the holodeck programme again. Thanks, Reg. We should get back to Engineering, Data. Computer, end programme and save. [Corridor] Whoa, whoa, Reg. Thanks, Reg. See you later. [Holodeck] (Barclay pulls a panel from the arch wall) If their collision causes a self-sustaining fusion reaction, this is what we are likely to see. The birth of a new star. The Enterprise will hold position until the gravitational instability subsides and we can get in for a closer look. Now I want triple redundancy on all of the sensor arrays. We'll probably never get another chance to see something like this. I don't want to miss anything. Okay? What? As far as I can tell there's no evidence that his molecules are losing any cohesion. They seem to be as immutable as ordinary matter. Except the transporter reconstitutes energy in a permanent form. Holodeck matter doesn't have any cohesion unless it's inside the grid. Nothing would happen. A holodeck object is just a simulation. There's nothing there to provide a pattern lock for the transporter. That's a big leap, Data. I just don't think the transporter is going to accept simulated matter. We were just talking about using the transporter to beam the Countess off the holodeck, but I don't quite see how it's going to work. Somehow he managed to override the security lockouts and rewrite them. The man is brilliant in any century. Yes, Captain. I think I've found a way to reinstate your vocal authorisations. Give it a try. That's it. That should do it. Wait a minute. It didn't work. The computer won't release the command pathways. Why did you do that, Data? We're still on the holodeck? Maybe it was just a malfunction in the transporter. If they tried it, they must have thought they were on to something. Just because our transporter is real doesn't mean it's going to work. Aye, sir. The gravity well is beginning to intensify. It's too soon to tell.
They must've left an audio monitoring system on. We're hearing a few thousand subspace messages. I'll try and shut it off. Got it. (peace descends, revealing a banging sound) I don't know. Sounds like a loose panel or something. I think it's coming from this service duct over here. (he pulls a piece of equipment away from the wall to reveal) Hey, pooch. hey, pooch, come on out of there. Come on. Come on. Hey, pooch, what are you doing in there? Not yet. I can't get past these security lock-outs, and I think I know why. All encrypted subspace messages are sent through this channel. Take a look at this signal notation. Looks like somebody tried to by pass the access protocols and break into the coded messages. It caused the security lockouts to freeze right up. I won't know until I get into the files. Yeah. I'm going to try accessing the logs from another console. (he and the dog go into an adjoining room where a monitor is displaying static) [Aquiel's quarters] (the monitor screen is all static) What's going on here? Well, we can start with repolarising the interface. (woof! The dog is on a bed. There is a display stand with a few items on it) What is it, pup? What's the matter? Something over here? (a curved gold thing with blue stones) This doesn't look like it belongs to you. Ah, This what you want, huh? (a bone-shaped chew) There you go. Computer, run station logs in sequence. Computer, access visual output. Computer, access correspondence files, Lieutenant Aquiel Uhnari. Come on, Lieutenant. Stick with me. All right, let's try this again. Come on, this should be working. The phase inducters are aligned. Come on, Lieutenant, I know you're in here somewhere. Computer me run a subsystem diagnostic, with a frequency range of ten to one hundred megahertz. Iced coffee? (the replicator produces his drink and the dog barks) What is it, girl? (he's finally got an image - of a young dark-skinned alien woman) There are three references to a Commander Morag, a Klingon officer who patrols this section of the border. Apparently he would pass the station every few days and harass them. Could be. She didn't say. But I do have several more days of logs left to watch. I'm hoping to learn more. Computer access the personal logs of Aquiel Uhnari. Begin playback. Definitely not you. How could she read this stuff? I've managed to access all of Lieutenant Uhnari's logs. I'm still looking for Lieutenant Rocha's. Whatever happened to the encrypted messages had a cascade effect on the whole storage system. I can't find his files anywhere. I'm running a level three diagnostic now. I don't think so. Aquiel was the junior officer here. Lieutenant Uhnari. I've been up all night watching her personal logs. I guess I'm starting to feel like I know her. Well she was Hahliian. She had one sister named Shiana, she drank muskan seed punch. She had a quirky sense of humour. She liked to sing. She had questionable taste in literature. Forty six hours. You've been gone forty six hours. Your logs said that a Commander Morag had been harassing you. Did you let him or any other Klingon aboard the station? Lieutenant, I know a friend of yours who's very eager to see you. Come with me. [La Forge's quarters] Maura. That's the name. I'm not much for gothic fiction. Yeah, Maura got a little restless. It's all right, don't worry about it. At least she's chewing them up in pairs. I'll arrange quarters for you. I'm sure you want some time alone. I know just the place. [Ten Forward] You're welcome. Yeah. It nearly made me sick. Batar al nalia. We travelled around quite a bit when I was growing up. I picked up a couple of languages along the way. The one on the hill. Well, to be honest, when we thought you were dead I needed to review your logs and personal correspondence for any possible clues about what happened. Most of it, yeah. You need to understand that we thought you'd been murdered. We needed information. I'd feel the same way. It really wasn't you. Actually, I'm not sure. The woman I saw in those logs is very complicated. I think there's more to you than meets the eye, Lieutenant. Well, your relationship with Lieutenant Rocha, for example. He was only there for five days and yet there was evidence of plenty of friction. You seemed to delight in doing things that you knew would upset him. Why take on extra comm. traffic when you knew it was going to make him angry? I don't know. Maybe both. Why do you think he attacked you? Three, maybe four days. It's tough to tell. No, you don't. Look, Aquiel, it's been a rough couple of days. I think you need some sleep. Oumriel. [Aquiel's shuttlecraft] (Worf finds a phaser) Now wait a minute. We haven't even established this phaser is the murder weapon yet. And even at level ten I don't see how it could have done the damage the medical evidence says it did. A phase disruptor like a Klingon weapon, maybe. Fine. In the meantime I'd like to go back to the station and see if I can access Rocha's personal logs again. And there's a lot about her that I do know, and if she's innocent I want to help her prove it. I'm not the one making judgements. [Relay Station ops] Got it. Computer, display the personal records of Lieutenant Rocha from stardates 46455 to 46460. (the logs for station 047 scroll through the monitor) Computer, what happened to the log entries for stardate 46459? Who deleted them? Last night, after I dropped you off at your quarters you established a subspace link with this console. You deleted some of Rocha's personal files, didn't you? Why? Yeah, it looks bad. I find out that you've erased a letter that contained a possible motivation for murder? Then explain this. Aquiel, this really complicates things. [Aquiel's quarters] (she grabs a case and starts packing) What are you doing? Aquiel, running away isn't going to prove your innocence. Facing the situation will. Look, we'll get through this. I promise you, okay? Yes, I do. (Geordi kisses and hugs her) Medical Officer's log, supplemental. I've isolated the cellular residue from the deck plate, but the DNA has destabilised. I'm attempting to reform it. [Sickbay] Neither do I, but I've got six hundred logs to go through. I was wondering what that was for. Do both of us have to be telepathic for it to work? Like this. (she puts their hands on the Canar) I can see you. Oh. And I can feel you. [Morag's quarters] (Worf enters, phaser drawn) What are you doing, Commander? What? Yeah, right. Sure. Thanks. (Riker leaves) Computer, display the Engineering duty roster for the next three days. (Maura sits and watches then starts worrying at his trousers) Maura, come on, not now. Maura, I said not now. Come on, give me a break here. Go lay down! (the dog does, then there's a strange sound) Maura? (the dog is turning into orange gloop. Geordi scrambles across the room and gets a phaser from a drawer. He fires, then ups the power and fires again. Eventually the gloop is destroyed) [Ten Forward] Maybe the reason you don't remember anything that happened after Rocha attacked you is that the coalescing process had begun. (drinks arrive) Thank you. Remember when you said you felt like the memories had been drained right out of you? That's probably exactly what was going on. Whatever happened, at least you got away before the process took hold. Right. Well, what now? You know, I had a talk with Chief Pendleton in Communications. There's an opening for a level two specialist. I could put in a good word.
Counsellor are you all right? Let's get you to Sickbay. [Bridge]
La Forge to Lieutenant Picard. I'm still waiting for that statistical analysis.
It's pasta al fiorella. One of my favourites. Don't worry, you'll love it. You know, I really want to take a look at those Ktarian antiques. I understand they've got a twenty first century plasma coil in almost perfect condition. (pushes plate away) I'll have to talk to Chief O'Brien about these replicators. Worf, I don't see how you can eat that stuff. It tastes like liquid polymer. You know, I think I'm going to try that kiosk on the other side of the promenade. It looked like they had some real food. [Bridge] It's worth a try. You two can begin by connecting the coil to the chamber. I'll configure the energy transfer. Okay, I think we're ready to begin the transfer. Okay. Initiating energy transfer. (an orange light appears between the two sections of the device) Reducing rate by twenty percent. (a crackle of energy lances out and hits Data. He falls back, rigid) What happened? His synaptic energy is dropping. [Corridor] (Data is having a vision. He follows the sound of metal on metal to discover a young Noonian Soong pounding on an anvil with a hammer.) [Engineering] (Geordi is doing something to the inside of Data's head when he wakes up) A plasma shock overloaded your positronic net. You were down a good thirty seconds. Data, I can't find anything wrong with your positronic subprocessors or your circuit controllers. No sign of any residual energy fluctuation, cascade overload. There's no doubt about it, Data. You were completely shut down. Maybe you had some kind of random power fluctuation, caused you to access one of your memory files. I'll take another look at the diagnostic log. In the meantime, you'd better disconnect that device. Data, what are you doing? We were supposed to meet at (There are lots of paintings stacked around the walls. Corridor, hammer striking metal, hand. Data is working on two more at the same time.) Data, what are you doing? I can see that. How long have you been at this? I'll say. Has it helped? Smoke? Why smoke? Well, you have the smoke coming out of a bucket of water. Blacksmiths used to use water to cool the metal. Maybe that's why you painted it. What for? Data, that plasma shock almost fused your neural net. I don't think it's such a good idea to try that again. Yeah. Yeah, sure. I'll go find Doctor Bashir. Okay, Data, we're going to monitor every subsystem in your positronic net. If I see any neural pathways overload beyond sixty five percent, I'm shutting down the experiment. Initiating energy transfer. Get ready, Data. It should be any second now. (the energy burst knocks the tricorder out of Data's hand) [Corridor] (Once again, Data finds Soong at the anvil. He plunges a bird's wing into water, and steam rises. When it clears, Soong is gone and a raven is there. It flies off down the corridor)
He gets around. He's been to three different systems in this past week. He could have left Worf at any of them. Two of them. The Nequencia and the Carraya systems. (Echevarria system is too far away to be considered)
Captain. No, after you. Almost. I've requested two additional field diverters. One for the computer core and one for the Bridge. They haven't been installed yet. Yes, sir. We've logged in five years more warp hours than most ships do in ten, so our baryon particle levels are high. I'm a little concerned that when the Remmler Array starts to sweep the ship it'll have to use a stronger beam than normal in order to get rid of all the radiation. I'd say about twenty minutes. Captain, permission to be About twenty five minutes, sir. You keep a saddle on board the Enterprise? Oh, he went back to the ship to get his saddle. Any serious rider would have his own saddle. Probably he went right to the stables. I bet he's ten kilometres from here already. I don't know. I was just getting some very strange energy readings from your table here. Maybe I should take a look at it for you. Well, maybe I should look at the heating element. I mean, in case it
La Forge to Bridge. La Forge here. Captain, the storm's interference won't Yes, sir. [Planet surface] (the people look a mess, dirty and sweaty)
I'd say at least three Yridians boarded the Professor's shuttle. I'm not sure, but it looks like they were trying to download something from his computer. We were able to partially reconstruct the shuttle's computers, so at least we have some of those files. We found nineteen different blocks of numbers like this one. (five digit groups in white, orange and pink) We tried every decryption key on record in case Professor Galen was using some kind of code. We still can't make heads or tails of them. At least some of them. It's impossible to say know many. If they did, that information died with them. And there were no other vessels in the vicinity. This is not a natural design. Captain. This is part of an algorithm, coded at the molecular level. I know how it sounds, but there's no way this could be a random formation. This is definitely part of a programme. Well, we couldn't know that until we assembled the entire programme and then ran it. We've tried all the DNA material in the Federation computer, but we haven't been able to come up with any with compatible protein configurations. You know, Captain, I've been thinking. Somebody else must know about this programme. I bet one of the missing fragments was on Indri Eight. That's why it was destroyed. What the hell? Computer, perform a level three diagnostic on the primary defensive systems. La Forge to Captain Picard. You might want to come down here. I found something that I think you should see. [Laboratory] It once supported life.
He was working on a conduit on deck thirty nine. A plasma torch blew up in his hands.
I found micro-crystalline damage to the hull, which confirms that your shield was breached by a burst of baryonic radiation. I don't know. Then maybe Jo'Bril ran into something in the corona which you didn't anticipate, and your shield just wasn't able to protect him from it.
Apparently there was a massive energy surge in the distortion field around the planet just at the moment you tried to beam out. The Transporter Chief tried to compensate by initiating a second containment beam. Actually, it wasn't really necessary. Commander Riker's pattern maintained its integrity with just the one containment beam. He made it back to the ship just fine. The Transporter Chief shut it down, but somehow it was reflected back to the surface. The containment beam must have had the exact same phase differential as the distortion field. That's the thing. Both. You were both materialised from a complete pattern. Can I help you, Counsellor? (Troi reaches across to get the next note, and its chocolate)
That's a very good impression of Doctor Mizan. He's notorious, but he really is an expert on interspecies mating practices. How did you enjoy the rest of the conference, Counsellor? Why didn't anybody tell him? Well, I had a great time. The warp-energy symposium was fascinating. I actually had an opportunity to touch a plasma field. It was incredible. I could feel the plasma moving up my arm. It was warm and, oh, there was this amazing tingling sensation that (Troi sees that everyone else has stopped in mid-whatever) Moved through my chest. It was incredible. It was like taking a bath in pure energy. Oh, no. Counsellor? Is there something wrong? Well, our bioscans check out. There are no physiological anomalies. If something did happen, it didn't leave any biological traces. Data, let's run a ship-wide diagnostic. Maybe we missed something. (Data and La Forge leave) Wait a second. This is weird. I had the tricorder run a comparison between the bioscan I took of you earlier and the one I took just now. In the time between the two scans, you should have aged twenty three minutes, but according to your cellular decay levels you've only aged twenty minutes. I don't know, sir. It's as if for Counsellor Troi, for three minutes time just stopped. I'll check the sensor logs, see if I can find anything. The starboard nacelle just cut out. The starboard antimatter pod is completely drained. The fuel reserves are empty. No, sir. The containment field is intact. all engine systems are operational. The fuel is just gone. Forty seven days? Nah. Let's check that sensor. It must be malfunctioning. That would cover the starboard nacelle. No wonder it used up all its fuel. Aye, sir. [Runabout cockpit] Lateral thrusters online. Data, plot a course away from the disturbance. [Runabout living section] Got it. Reversing at fifteen metres per second. What was that? [Runabout living section] Captain? [Runabout living section] The sensors are picking up temporal disturbances throughout the region. Different configurations, different sizes. They're everywhere. It's almost as if something has shattered the space-time continuum. That's the direction of the Enterprise. We'll have to limit our manoeuvring speed to one half impulse, but I think we can do it. These are the coordinates. I've got the long range sensors on maximum, sir. There's no sign of the Enterprise. But I am picking up a faint reading. Possibly metallic. It's difficult to tell. The energy levels are practically non-existent. Aye, sir. Slowing to one eighth impulse. The fragments seem to be converging at about this point. I'd say we're looking at the centre of the temporal disturbances. The warbird doesn't look to have sustained any damage at all. I wonder if the Enterprise even had time to get off a shot. If we beamed aboard the Enterprise, we'd be frozen in time just like they are. Possibly. We'd need an awfully sensitive phase discriminator in order to moderate that kind of field. Yeah. Yeah, that would certainly isolate us from the effects of the other time frame. But if we wanted to interact with that environment, we'd have to restrict the field. It would have to be practically skintight. Captain, I think this is going to work, but it's going to take some time. We've channelled all communications through the subspace relays in the armbands. That way we'll be able to be in continual communication. About an hour, maybe less. Don't worry. I'll monitor you very carefully. (Geordi switches on the armbands and Troi falls into Data's arms) We've created an artificial pocket of time around you, so it's probably playing tricks with your equilibrium. It might take a little while to get used to it. Let me know if it gets any worse. Aye, sir. Energising. [Bridge] (a Romulan is leaning over a fallen Riker) It looks like you weren't completely protected from the effects of the other time continuum. The neurophysical stress must've been overwhelming. I don't think so. I'd say the best thing we can do right now is to be careful, limit our exposure to their time frame. I'd say no longer than ten minutes per trip. And we should stick probably stick together while we're there, just in case. Take a look at this. There's an energy feedback returning through the transfer beam. It's probably what overloaded the Enterprise's engines and caused the core breach. I don't think so. According to this, the Romulans were actually trying to shut down the power transfer. Data, why don't we take a look at their engine readouts? Let's take a closer look. (he opens the equivalent of the dilithium chamber) I think we've found the problem. Organic? Yes, Captain. It looks to me like they were trying to stop whatever was happening here. I think so, Captain. Wait. Something's not right here. Data, was this man always standing right here. (the Romulan grabs Geordi, there's an energy flash and they both fall. Geordi is convulsing)
Shields down to eighty percent. Compensating with auxiliary power. [Outpost] (one Borg goes hand-to-hand with Data, and is knocked out. Riker manages to take down another) Captain, the alien ship is breaking orbit. They're gone, sir. Our sensors indicate there was some kind of subspace distortion just before they disappeared. I'll have to study these readings before I can get more specific than that. Well, the positronic net checks out. Everything else looks fine. I don't know, Data. There's nothing here that would indicate anything that might cause an sort of behavioural anomaly. No offence, Data, but how would you know a flash of anger from some odd kind of power surge? Well, okay. When I feel angry, first I feel hostile. It's like feeling belligerent, combative. No, I guess I can't. I just feel angry. Well, let's say you're right and this is a real emotion. How is that possible? Well, I hope you're right. I'd hate to think that anger is all you're capable of feeling. Captain's log, stardate 46984.6. No additional Borg attacks have been reported in the past two days. However, Starfleet has dispatched Admiral Nechayev to take command in this sector in preparation for a possible Borg invasion. [Ready room] (the Admiral is a petite blonde) Data, am I interrupting something? I wanted to see if you were ready to return to duty. I need some help with an analysis of the ship the Borg were using. Data, exactly what is it that are you're doing here? Any luck? Yeah, sure. Data, wait a minute. That thing could kill you. Data, we're talking about an experiment here. You can't put your life on the line just to prove some theory. It's crazy. There's got to be another way. Can't you think of something other way to make yourself angry. Yeah, and I'm your friend and I'm not going to just stand around and let you do this. Our current theory is that the Borg have established several transwarp conduits through subspace. A ship, when entering the conduit, is immediately accelerated to an extremely high warp velocity. It's like falling into a fast moving river and being swept away by the current. We don't know. Normal subspace limitations don't apply to transwarp variables. But I'd say based on the distance we covered during our trip through the conduit, the speed would have to be at least twenty times faster than our maximum warp. The Borg ship emitted some kind of high energy tachyon pulse just before we saw the subspace distortion. It seems as though the conduits are keyed to respond to tachyon transmissions of a specific frequency. Captain, I'm picking up a tachyon surge. Looks like whoever's in the shuttle is trying to trigger the transwarp conduit. We've got a pretty good reading of the tachyon pulse they sent. We might be able to duplicate it. I've set up a temporary tachyon matrix in the main deflector. I think I can use it to simulate the pulse sent by the shuttle. Energising the matrix. Emitting tachyons in the lower bandwidth. All right. Switching to the secondary bandwidth. Nothing. Maybe if I try alternating the frequencies. Compensating with auxiliary power. (all calm again) Captain. I've scanned three different star systems within sensor range. There is evidence of at least two advanced civilisations but I'm reading no life signs. But there are indications that plasma weapons have been fired in those systems recently. It looks more like a natural phenomenon. There's an unusually high amount of EM interference in the planet's magnetosphere. We could, but there could be fifty Borg down there waiting for us and we'd never even know it. Well, Data can move pretty fast even over rough terrain, but based on what we know about the Borg, I don't think they should be able to move any faster than you or I. They might have been able to get fifteen or twenty kilometres from the shuttle by now. Aye, sir. Who'll be in command of the Enterprise? (later) Well, no. Nothing, sir. Home in on that response with our tricorders. Yeah, I thought about that. The only problem is that the pulse would probably have to be so powerful that it would destroy Data's positronic net in the process. (Troi is looking over the crest) I'm having trouble scanning the interior. I don't think so. There are no Borg energy signatures. But there is a door or a hatch or something about twenty metres this way. [Borg hall] (decorated with what is presumably the Borg symbol and a raised dais/podium at the far end) Something's wrong. I can't get any kind of energy signatures from these light sources.
The Borg have established several transwarp conduits through subspace. (the Bridge is boarded) Data, just because you haven't experienced certain emotions doesn't mean they don't exist. Lore is only feeding you the negative ones. Why? Lore must have told Data to take my visor because he realised I could see a carrier wave that was radiating from him. I think what's happening is that Lore is tapping into the chip he stole from Doctor Soong and somehow he's found a way to transmit part of that emotional programme to Data. Yeah, I'm sure that's intentional. But in order for Data to be affected by those emotions, Lore would have had to disable his ethical programme first. If I can generate a phased kedion pulse at the right frequency, that would trigger Data's subsystems and reboot the programme. Right. So, got any ideas on how we generate a kedion pulse? (Data enters and hauls Geordi to his feet) Data? Who's there? Captain. Come on, hurry. Data was just here. I think he went to get something. I think it needs a little work. (Data aims an instrument at Geordi's visor inputs) What's happening? What are you going to do to me? (Data is injecting something into Geordi's forehead) Data, listen. Lore is controlling you. He's transmitting a carrier wave which is affecting your positronic matrix. Don't you care that he's manipulating you? I don't care much for those odds. (more injections) No. I'm just a little dizzy. Yeah, yeah, it's possible. See if you can locate the phase modulation circuitry. Okay, good. Now, do you see anything that we might be able to use as a flux inhibitor? [Bridge] (at an aft station) You know, Data, I've been thinking about some of the times we've had. Like that time we went sailing on Devala Lake. You remember that? You decided to go swimming, and when you jumped out of the boat you sank straight to the bottom. You had to walk over a kilometre along the bottom to get back to shore. It took almost two weeks to get the water out of your servos. Data, if you ever go back to the way you were, you might not be able to forgive yourself for what you're about to do. Hi, Data. I just wanted to let you know that Doctor Crusher says I'll be able to return to duty soon. What's that? Does it work? Pleased? Data, you've wanted emotions all your life. Data, I wouldn't be very much of a friend if I let you give up on a life-long dream, would I? Maybe someday, when you're ready. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Why do you ask?
Not yet. I'm starting to get some fumes. Ammonia, chlorine, potassium chloride. (Geordi climbs up into the fumes to the next level) I can feel the heat from here. (he crawls along an access tunnel) There it is. About ten metres up the ODN line. Boy, it's hot. I'd say over two thousand degrees. I'm going in. (Geordi reaches through the flames to pull levers) We're okay. I've activated the emergency suppression system. [Laboratory] (Geordi is the contraption used in Offspring and Best of Both Worlds, wearing a virtual reality suit) (no visor, white eyes) I feel like I'm actually here. I mean there, in the Jefferies tube. It's funny. When I saw the smoke, I couldn't help but cough. Will do. Wait a minute. [Jefferies tube] Something's wrong. Can't get my left leg to work. [Laboratory] There it goes. I'm on my way down. [Laboratory] Nothing. I'm seeing my reflection in a panel. [Engineering] I forgot what a handsome guy I am. Captain's log, stardate 47215.5. We are responding to a distress call from the science vessel Raman, which is apparently trapped inside the turbulent atmosphere of an unusual gas giant planet. We will use an experimental interface probe in our attempt to rescue it. [Bridge] Something must have happened down there. Maybe the shields failed, or they had some kind of inversion reaction in the nacelles. Our biosensors are useless. There's too much interference in the atmosphere. But we may have to operate the probe at close to tolerance levels. We've already tested the interface at about seventy percent tolerance. I'll interface with the probe as soon as it's ready, take it the rest of the way from there. Missing? My mother? Your only son, Ma. Come in. Don't worry about it. My mother's always trying to find me a wife. This came in about three weeks ago. I never got back to her. The interface is calibrated specifically to my visor's inputs. It would take you at least ten hours to convert it, and those crewmen down there can't wait. Forget it. I'm the best person for the job, and there's no reason why we shouldn't proceed as planned. The Hera is missing, that's all. Now until I hear something different, my mother might just as well have taken the crew on an unscheduled holiday. Let's go. [Bridge] Fine. Not yet. [Raman corridor] Data, turn up the input sensors. I'm not seeing anything. Okay, I can see. [Laboratory] But no colours. Ah, that's better. I'm excited, that's all, Doctor. This is like being on a roller coaster. Or a first date. I'm all right. Understood. [Raman corridor] It's a mess in here. There must be a breach in the hull someplace. I'm picking up atmospheric gasses in the corridor. Methane and ammonia, primarily. That break in the hull might even be on the Bridge itself. I'm heading towards the Bridge. I've found someone. About twelve metres up the main corridor. He's trapped under some conduit from the bulkhead. I can't move it. I'm going to need more power to the tractor beam. He's dead. Data, that door at the end of this corridor. What's it lead to? If there was a break in the Bridge, that'd be the safest place to go. Data, give me a phaser burst. Narrow focus, level four intensity. (Geordi blows the lock off the door) I've found them. They're dead. All of them. There's a fire in here. Argh! [Laboratory] I don't know. My hands. The sensors that were transmitting the sensation of heat to my hands must've overloaded. If we turn down the sensory input on the probe, I should be fine. Seven people lost their lives down there, Captain. We should at least retrieve the information they were collecting. Yeah. There's something I've got to do anyway. [La Forge's quarters] (his Dad's on the monitor - played by Ben Vareen) How are you, Dad? Yeah. Dad. Don't you think everybody's jumping the gun here? Last I heard there were still two starships out there looking for them. They've found no debris, no residual warp distortion. Not yet, but that doesn't mean they won't. Yeah, well you can think that if you want. But until I see some hard evidence, I'm not going to give up hope. Hey, Data. Still working? No. I was just passing by. I was wondering what you were up to. Data, there's nothing on the screen. Says who? I remember a few lectures from Starfleet Academy that seemed like that. Why would you ask that? No, Data. Sometimes just passing by means, just passing by. Thanks. (deep breath) You know, Data, maybe you gave up a little too easily. Well, when I said just passing by means just passing by, I really didn't mean it. Am I crazy to think that she's still alive? She's a starship captain. She's gotten herself into and out of impossible situations before. Why should this be any different? Well that makes me feel much better. Look, I'm sorry, Data. I didn't mean to snap at you. It's just that, if she really is dead, I don't know what I'm going to do. [Laboratory] That's too low, Data. I won't be able to do anything down there. Go ahead. I can't see anything. [Raman Auxiliary control] Yeah. Yeah, that's better, but I need more. Mom? Mom, is it you? Oh, I forgot. All you can see is this probe. Yes, it's me. I'm actually on the Enterprise. I'm interfaced with this probe. [Laboratory] But is it really you? But bow can that be? I mean, how is it possible? Down where? Hang on, Doctor. Why? Why do we have to go down to the surface? We? The Hera? You mean the Hera is down there? No, wait. Mom. (Geordi touches her, and gets a big shock) [Laboratory] I told you, I wasn't hallucinating. Well she wasn't actually there. Her ship is down on the surface. Somehow she has managed to communicate with me. Maybe I'm the only one who can detect it because I'm interfaced with the probe. You see? Look, I'm telling you my mother's ship is trapped down there and we've got to help them. Well at least let me go back down there just to be sure. I'll be all right. Aye, sir. [Troi's office] If you think I'm going to start talking about my childhood, Counsellor, you're way off. Well, she's, she's brilliant. Funny. She's incredibly perceptive. She knows people. Knows what they're all about even before they open their mouths. She's always been that way. She's a real good judge of character. About seven months ago, when she first took command of the Hera. I went to a party she had for her crew. She wanted me to come over and see her, but I was really busy at the time. I mean I suppose I could have made the time to go and see her, but, you know, I just didn't think that. I mean, you know, I, I didn't think that That's not what I was going to say. All right. But she told me she's trapped on that planet, that she's in danger. Now, if this was some kind of wish fulfillment, don't you think I'd be fantasising her safe and sound? Yeah, well, that's your theory, Counsellor. I've got one of my own. [Observation lounge] Sure. Yeah. As long as we keep them both above the troposphere, that'll be all right. But what about the Hera? We'd be leaving my mother and her crew stranded on the planet. I've been thinking about this. A couple of weeks ago I got a message from my mother. She said she had a new Chief Engineer who had been experimenting with the warp drive. Now, I've seen the Hera. It uses trionic initiators in the warp coil. They have a reputation of strange side effects, especially when you start playing around with them. So, what if that's what happened? Not a warp bubble, but a subspace funnel. Well the Hera could have accidentally created a distortion that emptied out right here at Marijne Seven. The Hera passed near this planet just ten days ago. There's an awful lot of subspace disturbance in the atmosphere. The ship could've accidentally picked up some residual traces that directed the funnel right back here. Maybe it's being surrounded by some kind of warp field, but who knows for how long? I did pick up some pretty strange subspace readings when I was interfaced with the probe. Yeah, but I talked to her, Commander. She asked me to bring the Raman closer to the planet. Captain Captain, if I'm right and there's just one chance in a million that she's alive I understand, sir. [Engineering] You didn't come all the way down here to tell me that. I guess I feel like I should be the one to decide whether it's unnecessary or not. Your mother was dead. There was proof. There was a body, and a funeral. It was a reality. If I could see a body, if there were wreckage, I could accept it, but my mother has just disappeared. And now, there's a possibility that she is alive. And I'm not going to quit. Not yet. [Laboratory] (Geordi activates the interface monitors when the doors open) Did you? Well I guess you know me pretty well. I can't just sit back and do nothing when I know that my mother might be down on that planet. Data, if I leave without knowing for sure, then I'll have to live with that for the rest of my life, wondering if I left her to die. I couldn't do that. That's why I've got to do this. If that's what you need to do, Data, then do it. Because nothing short of that is going to stop me from trying to save my mother. (Data goes to the interface monitor) What are you doing? You know we could both get in a lot of trouble for this. Thanks, Data. Yeah? What's that? I will. I promise. Mom? Mom? Mom, how did you get here? That's just what I thought. How are we communicating? Yes, and she's just [Laboratory] Confirmed everything I've been saying. That's how she's communicating with me. It's the only kind of signal they could send that could cut through the interference. [Raman Auxiliary control] I've been thinking about this. I'm going to take the Raman into a low stationary orbit and initiate an inverse warp cascade. The subspace distortion from the cascade should reverse the warp funnel. Your ship will end up right back where it started. [Laboratory] I have to try, Data. [Raman Auxiliary control] Shields back online. We're starting our descent. Thank God. That you're alive. That I was right about all of this. I can't wait to call Dad. He and Ariana had given up. Well, eventually, yeah. Data, everything's fading in and out. [Laboratory] I'm losing the interface. You'll have to turn up the input gain to maintain my connection. Data, you can turn it all the way up to a hundred if you increase it slowly enough. Give my nervous system chance to adjust. There are over three hundred people on board the Hera, Data. You and I are the only chance they've got. It's working. [Laboratory] Once I initiate the warp cascade we can start dropping the gain. We'll be in sensor range of the Hera within a few minutes. Mom, I'm really sorry I didn't by to see you a few weeks ago. Yeah, well, I'm sorry. It won't happen again. [Bridge] Then we're going to have to go beyond tolerance. Data, I'm taking this ship down. Now, if you don't boost the gain past tolerance levels, I'll lose the interface when we go out of range and my system will go into shock. [Laboratory] I won't do it, Data. You're going to have to increase the tolerance. [Laboratory] Thank you, Data. [Auxiliary control] We're getting close. Yes, Captain? [Laboratory] Sorry, Captain, but I can't do that. If I come back now, my mother and her entire crew will die. [Raman Auxiliary control] I'm scanning for your ship. I'm not getting anything. No, not really. I should be picking something up by now. I'm not finding anything. There's no warp funnel, no ship. There's nothing there. (Silva is behind Geordi, moving her hands to the side of his head. Red energy passes from her fingers to Geordi) [Laboratory] Reverse tractor beam. [Raman Auxiliary control] What are you? You're, you're trapped? Caught on the ship? Are you saying that you killed the Raman's crew? What do you want? Then, it was an accident? Captain, I have to take the ship into the lower atmosphere. As I understand it, when the Raman got close to the planet it accidentally picked up some lifeforms that live in the lower atmosphere. [Laboratory] Subspace beings of some kind. Intelligent. When the ship went back into a higher orbit, the beings were trapped. One of them can communicate with me. [Raman Auxiliary control] It must have read my thoughts through the probe interface and took the form of my mother to try to talk me into taking the ship closer to the surface. Yes, but I don't think it was on purpose. They probably tried communicating with them the same way they're communicating with me, by directly accessing their thoughts. It must've been fatal to the crew. I guess the interface is what protected me. [Raman Auxiliary control] I have to take them back, Captain. They can't survive so far up in the atmosphere. I'll turn the ship around and come back as soon as I'm (rumble, bang, flash) [Laboratory] The atmosphere is getting more turbulent. It's overloading the systems. [Raman Auxiliary control] I'm having difficulty keeping the shields up. I'm losing power. [Laboratory] Total shield failure in eight seconds. Shields are failing! (and the ship is falling apart) [Laboratory] Yes, sir. I take complete responsibility. Data was only Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. You know, it was funny. When I was down there, it was so real. I felt like I had a chance to say goodbye. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
The signals are difficult to localise, but they could be emissions from some kind of power converter. It's tough to get accurate sensor readings. There's an awful lot of interference in the area. I'm not sure. It's very unlocalised. It could be atmospheric. Well, these ruins around here are pretty ancient but I'd say that this indentation was made fairly recently. Could be the site of some battlefield. Sir, there's microcrystalline damage all throughout this area. The same kind of pattern that Doctor Crusher picked up in the floor of that bar on Dessica Two. La Forge to Enterprise. We are under attack down here. [Bridge] Data, we've been attacked. [Bridge] Data, I know this is a long shot, but if I remodulate the long range sensor array, I might be able to make it sensitive enough to detect the ship. It's possible that the microcrystalline damage I found in these indentations was the result of some kind of high energy transporter beam but I still don't understand. There's nothing here that's particularly valuable. Why would anyone want to steal any of these things? Looks like they did a pretty thorough job. Yadalla and Draken are at the far edge of the sector, but Calder Two? That's less than a day from here at maximum warp. According to this, there's a Federation outpost at Calder Two.
Commander, I think I've got something. I've been studying the comm. link Commander Riker used to transmit his command codes. I didn't see anything at first, but then I ran the transmission through a subharmonic analysis. I found this. It was sent by the same carrier wave as the command codes. So you think this is their flight plan? We could be there in five.
Data, there you are. We need to install that plasma conduit right away. We're bringing the new warp core on line in less than three hours. Great. I'll meet you in Engineering as soon as you're finished there. This ought to be a lot of fun. (Data walks on, until he reaches an intersection. There is the sound of an old telephone ringing, then he sees three nineteenth century style workmen hacking a hole the bulkhead with picks) Yeah, sure, Data. Everybody does from time to time. Nightmares are part of dreaming, Data. Maybe you've just discovered another new level to your programme. Well, it's perfectly normal, Data. Sometimes when I have a nightmare, I can't shake that weird feeling for a couple of days. Speaking of nightmares. That's great, Ensign. Thank you. I'll tell you what. Why don't you help Farrell check the deuterium cartridges. I'm just about to bring the warp core online. All right? She's enthusiastic all right. About me. She's got a crush on me, Data. Exactly. And quite frankly, it's beginning to get a little bit uncomfortable. Yeah, something like that. No, Data! I'll take care of it myself. Thanks. We're ready to bring the new core online, Captain. Stand by. All right, let's do it. Initializing deuterium infusion sequence. It's a thing of beauty, isn't it? Now let's see how fast she can run. La Forge to Bridge. [Bridge] I'm on it, sir. There's a warp plasma conduit out of alignment, but I think I've got it fixed now. Ready, sir. [Bridge] Stand by, Captain. La Forge to Bridge. I'm sorry, sir, but we're going to have to reconfigure this plasma conduit. It's going to take at least a couple of hours, sir. [Data's quarters] (Data is closely gazing at Spot lying on the bed when the doorbell rings) When you didn't show up on time in Engineering, I got worried. I can't find anything wrong with your internal time base. As far as I can tell, your primary systems check out fine. You know, Data, there's an awful lot we don't know about your dream programme. Maybe it was designed to cause side effects. I mean, for all we know, Doctor Soong might have intended for you to oversleep from time to time. It's part of the human experience. You know, I'm curious. What were you dreaming about when we woke you up? Sounds like it must have been pretty strange. We've just started it up, Captain. All systems are holding steady. [Bridge] It looks like we've blown the entire power converter, Captain. Impulse engines are down too. We're not going anywhere. But I know just how to fix this. Give me two, three hours, tops. Now what? [Bridge] Tyler, how're you coming with that relay diagnostic? No, Data, I haven't had the time. Listen, I want you to take this brace coil and run a metallurgical scan on it for me. See if there are any microfractures. (Data stares at the tool with its serrated teeth) Something wrong, Data? Data. Data, what's wrong? Yes, Captain. Two hours ago. No, sir, please don't touch that. Captain, Commander Data and I have the situation under control. Now, if you'd just let us care of it, the work would go much faster. Good work, Tyler. I thought he'd never leave. Data, I want you to give me a hand locking down this plasma conduit. Data? Data? [Corridor] (Troi has the feeling she's being followed) [Turbolift] Captain, we've run every possible diagnostic on Data's positronic net we can think of. We can't find anything wrong. I could run a subpolymer scan, but it would take some time to set up the equipment. We've tried EM radiation, subspace fields, thermal protons, nothing's worked. They seem to exist in some sort of interphasic state, just beyond our range of visual and sensor acuity. The only way we can see them is to use an IP scanner. Tricorders can't even pick them up. Those images are all part of Data's dream. Maybe somehow he's unconsciously perceiving these creatures. What we want to do, Data, is link your neural net into the holodeck and have you activate your dream programme, so as you dream we can observe the dream images. We'd need about an hour to establish all the interface parameters. I think we're ready, Captain. The link is active. The holodeck has been calibrated to Data's neural net. (the security guard leaves) Right. (Data walks slowly round the corner) He should be perceiving us as just another part of his dream. Anything we say to him will be taken in that context. In his waking dream he said that there was a mouth on her shoulder. Cellular peptides. That's exactly what the creatures are extracting. Yes? It's for you. How does he fit into all this? I don't know, but I do recognise that junction they're working on. It's the plasma conduit we installed with the new warp core. What is it that you're doing? Yes, Data. We're ready. This conduit was manufactured on Thanatos Seven using a new interphasic fusion process. We think it was that process which attracted the organisms to the conduit where they lay dormant until we activated the warp core. That's also why we couldn't get the core online. The creatures were disrupting the plasma flow. Well, we're going to have to manufacture a new conduit. That's at least six hours work. I can try and speed things up a bit. Understood, sir. [Data's quarters] (Data and Spot are playing with a mouse of wool on a string when the doorbell rings)
It's called a visor. It enables me to see. Well, she must be here somewhere.
In here, Data. (the bedroom) Got her now. She's trapped. Come on out of there, you. Hey, don't you spit at me. Probably because she knows if I catch her, I'm going to kill her. So far she's broken a vase, a teapot, she's ruined one of my chairs using it as a scratch post, and she's coughing hairballs up all over my carpet. Yeah, well, I'm not ready. You can take her back with my blessings. Go ahead, call her. She won't come when you call her? Data, have you ever considered training this cat? Necessary? Data, the cat is out of control. Half the time I wasn't sure if she was going to lick me or scratch my face off. She needs training. Right, we have to get her out of here. I'll scare her. You grab her when she comes out, okay? Ready? Ow! (Spot runs out and there's a crash sound) Training. Definitely. Captain's log, Stardate 47310.2. We're investigating the disappearance of the Medical Transport Fleming somewhere in the Hekaras Corridor. Our search is complicated by the unique properties of this particular region of space. [Observation lounge] They won't be very effective. The interference will make it difficult to maintain contact with the probes. The best we can do is to increase sensor efficiency. We've installed multiphase buffers on all the sensor modules, Captain. It should help a little. No problem, Data. I'll be right with you. Okay, Hansen, transfer EPS conduit thirteen to the stabiliser matrix. No. I'm just trying to get a slightly higher power conversion level. I know that, Data. It's not the point. I'm just trying to get a higher conversion level, that's all. You know the Intrepid? Well, their Chief Engineer is Commander Donald Kaplan. He and I went through the Academy together. I just like to make sure that our power conversion levels are a little higher than theirs. You might say that. This is the flagship. We should be better than everybody else. Actually it's more a point of personal pride. These are my engines. And there's nothing wrong with a little friendly rivalry. Okay. Computer, how much have the conversion levels increased? All right, I'll deal with of this later. Let me give you a hand with those sensors. [Jefferies tube] (at a panel in a junction) How's that? Six point seven? One of the stages must still be out of alignment. Let's try junction A nine. (they climb down one level) Coming down. Really? Devices? I've got an idea. How about a phaser? A low stun setting at just the right moment might do the trick. I was kidding, Data. (at a panel) Let's see what we've got. No, this isn't it, either. That's for sure. Well, we've got one more possibility. Junction C twelve. Maybe you're just going about it the wrong way, Data. I don't believe that for a second. Listen to me. My sister didn't know a thing about animals and she was able to train her cat. How complicated could it be? She had that cat jumping into her arms on command. Well, as I recall, she walked around for two months with a piece of tuna in her blouse. (at the next junction) I was right. This buffer is out of alignment. Okay, try that. It's not much, but every little bit going to help. We're not going to squeeze anything else out of these systems. Captain, there are no emissions from their plasma vents. Their warp drive must be completely inactive. I'm not picking any subspace emissions from the ship at all, Captain. It looks like every one of their field coils has been overloaded. Captain, Ferengi sensors are still online. I could modify one of our deflector emitters to transmit old style delta waves. If I modulate that with a comm. signal, the Ferengi should be able to pick that up. Almost ready, Captain. All right, let's give it a try. Data. I had another idea that might help boost the power conversion levels. Could you give me a hand? Don't tell me you're trying to teach the cat to use the console. How's it going? Data, that cat definitely has a mind of her own. Maybe she's just not trainable. I don't know about Spot, but it seems to me your training is coming along just fine. Come on, let's go. [Engineering] Data, keep the EPS flow constant will you, while I re modulate the power taps. I know, but it could be just enough. I just received this from Commander Kaplan, subspace. (Data reads from a PADD) Can you believe the nerve of that guy? I know. He's just trying to get me angry. There. That should do it. Computer, what are the current power conversion levels? Too bad, Mister Kaplan. Captain's log, supplemental. We have traced the Fleming's most likely course. It now appears that the vessel may have come to an unfortunate end. [Bridge] (at the science station, grid search pattern H522-3) We have intruders in main Engineering. I need a security team down here immediately. What do you want? Captain, I've heard this theory before. Their research was evaluated by the Federation Science Council a few years ago. Quite frankly, it didn't hold up. Their verteron pulse overloaded our field coils, Captain. It'll take at least thirty six hours to get underway. Yes, sir. You know, even when we get the engines online, it's going to take at least a week to recalibrate them properly. What if the Fleming had been transporting perishable supplies or was on an emergency mission? Your little plan might have cost a lot of lives. Yeah, well, you have a very interesting way of going about it. I'd have to agree with that. Warp drive has been around for three centuries. It's a proven technology. You mean you didn't believe her either? Well our Commander Data's no slouch. If there's anything there, he'll find it. Hekaras Two is the only inhabited world in this region. Without warp drive, you'd be completely isolated from the rest of the Federation. Are you really willing to take that step? Captain, the engines are back online. All systems are ready. She was right. Some kind of high energy distortion wave. Looks like they're being generated from within the rift. Not at warp, Commander. According to these readings, the rift is in a state of accelerating instability which would make it extremely sensitive to warp field energy. If we go in at warp, we might make it expand even further. Everything here supports Serova's theories. I can't find any way to close the rift or even reduce its size. (rumble and shake) Wait a minute. This is strange. Computer, display grid delta seventeen. Enhance and magnify. What do you make of that? In the meantime, we'd better tell the Captain we don't know how to get to the Fleming. All right. With these parameters, we should be able to maintain warp speed for two minutes eight seconds. I don't think we can get any more than that. How did we miss it, Data? How did we miss the connection between warp drive and the formation of the rift? Between the two of us we've logged thousands of hours on these engines. We're supposed to be warp field experts. We certainly were wrong this time. Seems to me she managed to prove them pretty conclusively. Yeah, she was willing to die to make her point. We should have listened to her more closely, Data. Yeah, I can remember times when I was a little stubborn, trying to get people to believe me when I didn't have enough proof. But she had to, just to get us to listen. Why was I so resistant? Yeah. Maybe I was taking the whole thing personally. Maybe I was a little threatened. The thought that warp engines might be doing some kind of damage. It's going to take another half an hour for the nacelles to saturate. Will you call me when they're done? [Ten Forward] (Rabal is at a table, staring at the rift) May I join you? (Rabal nods) I wanted to say I'm sorry about your sister. I wish it could have happened differently. Maybe I should have looked at the research more closely. It's possible there's something that I missed. No. I guess the question is now, where do we go from here? I've been in Starfleet for a long time. We depend on warp drive. I just don't know how easy it's going to be to change. Initiating warp pulse now. [Bridge] We might be able to get out of here without using the warp engines. When was the last time you went surfing, Commander? [Bridge] To the EM variance of the distortion wave, when the next one hits we'll be pulled along with it. [Bridge] Yes, sir. Phase matching the deflectors shield now. [Bridge] Matching phases. Prepare to engage the deflector shield on my mark. And mark. [Bridge] We lost it. [Engineering] We're ready, Captain. [Bridge] We're separating from the distortion wave. I'm attempting to compensate. [Bridge] Our scans have shown a lot of subspace instabilities throughout the sector. If they're exposed to enough warp energies, they could eventually create other rifts. Unfortunately, right now there's not much we can do. We should have those thermal stabilisers ready for the Hekarans in another day, sir. It's won't turn out that way, Captain. We still have time to make it better. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
We could minimise seismic activity by creating isobaric fissures and relieving some of the tectonic stress, but that would just be a temporary fix. These pockets in the magma layer, how close are they to the molten region of the core? Data, do you think that's close enough for ferro-plasmic infusion? We'll trigger the units by firing modulated energy bursts down through the shafts. Fine. I'd be very happy to help you with that, Doctor. Data, I'm almost finished reconfiguring the phaser banks. We should be able to start drilling in about an hour. What is it you're doing over there? Don't you believe her? Well, what have you turned up so far? What's that you're looking at? That sure fits with her story. You know, Data, it almost seems to me like you're trying to prove that Doctor Tainer wasn't telling the truth. Well, she did leave him. Maybe she broke his heart. Maybe he just didn't want to talk about her. Let me ask you this. Doctor Soong created an emotion chip. Didn't Lore tell you that chip also contained memories, memories Soong wanted you to have? When you think about it, why would she want to lie? Why would anybody want to pretend to be your mother? And I can understand that this might all be a little disconcerting for you, Data. It came out of the blue, and it doesn't fit into your logical processors. But that's life, Data. Part of being human is learning how to deal with the unexpected. To risk new experiences even when they don't fit into your preconceptions. Data, I reconfigured the phasers to create the most highly focused particle beam possible. Data? That's hard to picture. La Forge here. Go ahead, Commander. Phaser modifications are online, sir. We're picking up feedback pulses along the particle beam. Doctor, it's going to take longer than that to match the (the shaking stops) You did it. We've broken through. It looks like the area has stabilised, but seismic stress is building up. Eventually, the pocket will collapse. It's tough to tell, Commander. Twelve hours at most. Basically she's a Soong-type android, except everything about her is designed to fool you into thinking she's human. It's part of her aging programme. Not only does she age in appearance like Data, her vital signs change too. Data, come take a look at this.
Nice. The Battle of HarOS, right? (Worf sways) Worf, are you all right? Thank you, Doctor. (the inside of the cake is yellow) What is it, Worf? This is Deep Space Five. Starbase Forty seven. The Iadara Colony and the Utopia Planitia Shipyards. We're only three light years from Cardassian space. They would have easy access to the Array. Worf, here's a propulsion analysis of the Cardassian ship. You might try scanning for its energy configuration. (Worf has a dizzy moment and Data supports him) Worf, you don't look so good. Maybe you ought to go to Sickbay. Counsellor. Worf, I wanted you to know that we re-examined the imaging logs. They don't show a Cardassian ship or any evidence that the Array was reprogrammed. From what we can tell, the Array suffered a simple mechanical failure. Worf, maybe you should come with me to Sickbay and [Bridge] (blink and they are at red alert with a Cardassian ship bearing down on them)
What would the Romulans want with pieces of a twelve year old starship? We'll need metallurgical and chromographic specs on the Pegasus in order to set up the proper search parameters. There's an awful lot of ionising radiation in this system, Captain. That and the sheer amount of rock is going to slow down our search a little. I'd say at least At least seven days, sir. Commander, I think we might have just struck paydirt. There's a subspace resonance signature coming from that asteroid. From the frequency variances, it looks like the pattern from a Federation warp core. There's a subspace resonance signature coming from that asteroid, sir. It could be the warp core of the Pegasus. Wait a minute. We could blanket the asteroid with high levels of ionising radiation. There's so much of it in the system already, the Romulans won't know the difference. Commander, we've routed the impulse engines through the plasma conduits, but you'll have to watch the intercooler levels. If they get too high, we'll blow the entire relay system. The cloak is online and ready to begin phase sequencing. [Bridge]
Captain, you'd better take a look at this. We've got a problem, sir. I don't think it's going to be possible to keep this holodeck simulation stable. The plasmonic energy surges from the planet are affecting the ship's systems. We're having problems with the EPS systems and the power distribution matrix. It's not a question of whether the simulation will break down, it's a question of when. Not while it's running. In order to fix it, I'd have to shut down all of the holodecks and re-initialise the entire system. Aye, sir. Hang in there, Worf. Give me just a second. There. That should do it. [Holodeck Cavern] (the pool stops flickering) I'm running every stabilisation routine I know. We'll be there in less than eight hours. You're just going to have to hold things together a little while longer. I don't think the holodeck's going to last that long. We've had materialisation errors and resolution failures all over the place, and it's getting worse. The simulation could fall apart any minute. [Bridge] I'll see what I can do. [Holodeck planet surface]
Governor, did you know you had a power fluctuation in your weather control system? I can't isolate the exact source, but the fluctuation seems to be originating from one of the substations that regulates atmospheric humidity for the colony. No, not yet, but power distribution patterns are already off by five percent. Data, let's see if we can correct this. I'll check out the colony's climatic flow array. Don't worry, Governor. We'll keep you dry. Captain, I suggest we set up a power transfer between the Enterprise and the weather substations. Try to give them enough power to stabilise the storm. This is impossible. The back up systems should have (an alarm sounds and they spot Ned underneath a console) From what I can tell, he was trying to shut down the entire weather control system. He was pulling out the primary plasma conduit. That's probably what caused the plasma discharge that killed him. It's going to take us some time to get the system back online. I'd say we need another day at least. Anything? Then it's possible that whatever caused the weather malfunctions also killed Quint. We should scan the colony for any energy readings that match this anaphasic signature. The energy readings are coming from this direction, but I can't get an exact location. I'll try narrowing the scan field. La Forge to Enterprise. We're ready down here. That's impossible. She wasn't anywhere near the weather station when Quint was killed. She died of natural causes.
Ensign, you'll write that report. Sure, Taurik. What is it? Have you been improvising again, Ensign? You've got a problem here. Your plasma flow to the nacelles is out of sync. You're right. Yeah, I'm familiar with his work, but I never heard anything about this. I look forward to reading about it Sounds interesting. There might be variables that you didn't account for. I'm sure you were, but I'd still need to see your simulation before I authorise any tests. If you have any other ideas for increasing efficiency, don't hesitate to run them by me. I'll get back to you on that. [Crusher's office] I'm on it, Captain. There, try that. I'm going to try augmenting the frequency spread. No one told you to do that, Ensign. Let's just get him aboard safely. There, that should do it. Transporter room, you should be able to get a lock now. Another two seconds. Okay, that's enough. We're evaluating hull resiliency. Starfleet requires periodic testing. Probably because you're not a senior officer. It's fine the way it is. Now, give me another burst, about four seconds, right here. Actually, why don't you do it from over here. Consistent with what? What makes you think that's what we're doing? It's an amazing coincidence. Yes, Ensign. Thank you. [Sickbay] Counsellor. Pair of fours bets. Fifty. You're bluffing. [Lavelle + Taurik's quarters] The Commander's flush is still working. No help, Worf. Tens and deuces for the Doctor. And Jacks and fours for the Counsellor. Ah, three sixes. I'm thinking. Give me a second, here. I do. There you go. What've you got? I can't believe this. Nah, there's something I need to do down in Engineering. I'll get you next time. Goodnight, everybody. As you were. I just dropped by to see Taurik. Well, I'm headed for Engineering to run those tests on the nacelles. Since you've already put in some work on the technique, I thought you might like to give me a hand. Great. Let's go. (La Forge and Taurik leave) We're all set here. (La Forge leaves)
We just lost contact with everything above deck twenty one, including the Bridge. Commander, the neodyne relay isn't holding. Containment failure in ten seconds. Commander, the unit's beginning to o (flash, simulation ends) Something's severed the ODN conduit between here and the antimatter storage deck. Yeah, I think I could.
Some kind of alien information has been downloaded into our computer core. I don't know how it's working, but it's reconfiguring our systems. I was able to trace its path from the replicators to the sensor array. Those energy readings from the comet's core, that sensor echo. We still don't know what's inside that thing. Yeah, a dispersed wide-field beam might do the trick. It wouldn't take long to come up with the firing parameters. What do you think, Data? (Data is still staring at the screen) Data? What's wrong? Do you think maybe your systems have been affected? What's that one? In any case, it's definitely responsible for the system anomalies we've been experiencing. They're using our sensor beam as a carrier wave to transmit information into our computers and replicators. Data, the internal structure of that thing is pretty complex, and it's got a repetitive node configuration which might suggest a database of some kind, but it could be practically anything. I don't see how you could know for sure what it is. Aye, sir. Lower synaptic functions are completely normal. Autonomous systems all check out. All right. (Data twitches) Data, what's wrong? Well, what is it? Impulse? What kind of impulse? I'm going to check out your higher functions. Data, come on, you're scaring me now. What's going on? Well, you're going to be all right. You're with me, okay? Listen, I'm going to disconnect you. (does so) What's going on? (Data's circuitry has changed) Data. (Data has the compass symbol on his forehead and a wicked grin) Captain This is a micrograph of what's happened to Data's positronic net. Now, as near as I can tell, these are behavioural nodes. I've counted fourteen so far. I think the archive is using Data to create different people within its culture much in the same way it used our replicators to create artefacts. The archive hasn't stopped yet. Data's positronic net is still being transformed. There's no telling how many more personalities might emerge. Captain, there's some kind of energy pulse coming through the tractor beam. [Data's quarters] Captain, this is incredible. These artefacts weren't beamed over here from the archive. The matter here in Ten Forward has been transformed. I'm not sure. But bit by bit, this ship is being transformed. I'm not sure I want to find out. Okay, I've locked in the targeting parameters. What's the phase alignment now? Good, that'll do it. I'm setting the yield at maximum. (and the torpedo lights go out) Let's see what's going on here? (the torpedo is full of snakes, Masaka is on the wall monitor and there are vines) Something tells me we'd better get out of here. (flames stop them) Well, so far the archive has transformed about twenty percent of the ship. We've lost main propulsion and weapons systems in the process. We have communications, and limited sensor control. Life support seems to be unaffected. The stone, the artefacts, are made in much the same way, extrapolating from the ship's own alloys. We still haven't been able to cut off that beam, but I have managed to access the archive by sending an energy pulse back along their signal path. If I can locate the transformation programme, I might be able to control it. I think I've found the archive's transformation programme. I think so. I've isolated the program's input pathways. They're keyed to accept symbols. If I input this one, it should initiate the transformation process. I hope so. If this is the wrong symbol, it might turn the Enterprise into a big chunk of rock. No way to know for sure. Inputting the symbol now. [Corridor] (and it changes into) [Temple] I've found it, Captain. This is the only place in the archive where Korgano's moon symbol appears by itself, not linked with Masaka's. I've accessed the programme, Captain.
I can't shut down the plasma injectors. Somebody's locked out the controls. [Bridge] I've just finished my damage assessment. We should be able to get underway I'd say within the hour. We'll be able to give you warp eight if you need it. I'd say it's probably the most basic instinct, Data. I don't know, Data. All I can think is that maybe Lieutenant Kwan felt that there was something wrong in his life, something he felt powerless to fix. Really? Because your neural net was still forming. I bet. Yeah, but if you had done that, you wouldn't have remembered any of the things that had happened to you. So what did you do? Great way of looking at it, Data. I wish Lieutenant Kwan had been able to look at his problems the same way. [Kwan's quarters] Counsellor, you okay? No, nothing unusual. The main ODN line runs right behind that panel. It lifts out so you can get to it. Sure. It'll take just a minute. (he goes downstairs.) Data. Counsellor, are you all right? Organic? You're right. Let me reconfigure the emitter beam. We might be able to see what it is. There. (skull, ribcage, spine) [Sickbay] I scanned behind the panel Counsellor Troi asked me to. I didn't find any bone fragments but I did find some traces of cellular residue showing some kind of psionic signature. Kind of like a psychic photograph.
It's all right in here in on diagram, Commander. I can't get him to slow down. He's been working like that since last night, Wait a minute, Reg, I'll go with you. Keep you posted. [Bridge] (Troi is the Bridge Officer, and is shivering) Reg, wait a second here. Take a look at these corroded edges here. It looks like something has dissolved the bulkhead and eaten right through the conduit. There are high levels of cholic acid here. Enzymatic agents. You know, I wouldn't be surprised if that solvent was organic. That's a very good idea, but first we should take a break. Commander, I've got seven security teams out hunting for Worf, but for some reason sensors are having a difficult time locking onto him. I've called for a level two security alert. Do you think we should go to a Level One? I think we should. Yes, sir. I will.
So, is there a runaway cadet in here? Welcome back, Wes. So, how's life at the Academy? So, are you just going to lounge while we all have work to do around here? Wes, enjoy your vacation. I'm sure you've earned it. Yeah, that's a good idea. Say, Wes, don't sleep your whole vacation away, all right? Thanks, Ensign. Hey, Wes! There you are. Come here for a second. I've got something I want to show you. Come on, come on. You've got to take a look at this. Now, remember how we always used to talk about improving quantum efficiency by creating a new plasmadyne relay? Well, take a look at this. Hey, I ran these diagnostics myself. This little baby will withstand over five hundred Cochranes of warp field stress. Well, that may be your opinion, Cadet, but I stand by my work. I don't know what's gotten into you, Wes. With this kind of an attitude, absolutely not. You're dismissed. Captain's log, supplemental. The Enterprise has arrived at Dorvan Five and I have spoken to the Leader of the Tribal Council. He has agreed to meet with us this afternoon to discuss the situation. [Meeting room] (the five members of the tribal council are sitting around the table)
Who's that? Who are you? Actually we were hoping that you did. Does your personal code of conduct tell you that when you're stranded on a planet with no way off, you shouldn't try to cut deals? Don't push your luck. But if you get us to the Duras sisters, I'll see what I can do.
We managed to shut down the probe's power systems so we could beam it aboard. It's not going to be easy to figure out where this thing came from. We ran an analysis of the probe's hull. From the energy signatures and particle deposits we found, it looks like it travelled through a dichromic nebula, was exposed to an intensive gravimetric distortion, and passed within one light year of a class four pulsar. Believe it or not, Captain, that might've given us the fix we needed. There's a nebula in the Dorias cluster that matches the same particle signature we found on the probe. I'm not sure he did. Sensors don't show any sign of an intruder. I don't think so, Captain. Something has to generate a hologram. We would have detected it. That device emitted a very specific energy signature. I'm not reading anything like that. It's possible. I'll recalibrate the sensors to scan for low intensity transmissions. Just to be sure, I'll sweep your quarters with a resonance scanner. We think we've found something, Captain. We think he's using some sort of subspace transporter to beam aboard the Enterprise. In order to transport matter through subspace, you have to put it into a state of quantum flux. It's very unstable. That means that the probe that exploded could have been beamed into position from some point outside sensor range. I don't think there is. You know, we might be able to keep a signal lock on him at all times. If Bok tries to beam him away, we might be able to hold him here. Initiating transport now. I'm losing his signal. (Picard enters) Bok is re-establishing his lock on him. (Jason is beamed away) [Bridge] There. I've aligned the field coils. Captain, we might be able to get you over there, but I don't see how we're going to get you back. Transport's going to take longer than normal. We have to shunt your pattern through the subspace field coils.
I don't understand it. The impulse systems suddenly cut out and the warp drive just kicked in. I'm working on it. [Bridge] Controls. I can't access any of the overrides. [Bridge] It wasn't me. I didn't have time to complete the shut-down procedure. Only that we seem to have more than one mystery here. We still don't know why the ship jumped into warp, but it looks like we're lucky it did. There was a theta flux distortion building up around the ship. Our sensors were never designed to detect theta flux distortions. And yet there is a record of the distortion in the sensor log. That's the other mystery. If the Enterprise hadn't jumped into warp when it did, we would've been blown to pieces. [Jefferies tube] I just don't get it, Data. What would cause the engines to suddenly jump into warp? Which occurred just in time to save the ship? I don't know. I don't think I'm ready to start believing in luck. (they stop by an access panel) Yeah, what's that. Yeah, but there's no direct link between the warp engines and the sensors. (they open the panel) Whoa. What is that? It's some kind of new circuit node and it's connected to at least half a dozen points in the sensor array. I guess there's a connection between the warp engines and the sensors after all. (a forcefield blocks access to the node) A force field. Where did that come from? Well, wherever it came from, it sure doesn't want us messing with this node. We found these nodes in several systems around the ship. At some level or another, they're all connected. When the sensors detected danger, the defensive systems reacted to the threat and activated the warp engines to protect us. Wherever they come from, they seem to be multiplying. Well, getting rid of them isn't going to be so easy. When we attempted to examine the circuitry of one of the nodes, it generated a force field to keep us out. We might be able to find a way to use the holodeck circuitry to disable the nodes permanently. I'm all right, thanks. It looks like the navigational relay's overloaded. [Holodeck train] (the conductor pulls the cord and the train lurches. So does the ship) [Engineering] We've lost engine and helm control again, Captain, but this time, they're completely burned out. I don't know if we can stop the ship. [Holodeck- train] The Enterprise also took off in a new direction. Yeah. Yeah, it looks a little like the structure of your positronic brain. In other words, something that's more than just the sum of its parts. I don't understand it, Captain. All of a sudden, cargo bay five started to depressurise. Yes, sir, and I've re-established the containment field, but I'm reading massive power surges in the cargo bay and all sorts of transporter activity. Something weird is happening there, Captain. Aye, sir. [Cargo bay] (in the middle of the floor, a 3d version of the jigsaw is growing with a light inside it) La Forge to Bridge. I wish I could tell you. [Holodeck - building site] It looks like the ship's replicator and transporter systems have been merged somehow. to create this. The question is, what is it? Ensign, I want to run a full spectral analysis on this. (the ship shakes and a barrel falls) I'm picking up a massive power fluctuations. The ship is losing its structural integrity. [Holodeck - wall] La Forge to Data [Holodeck - street] Stop what you're doing. Data, I think we ought to get together and compare notes. I'm betting it all has something to do with that object that's forming in the cargo bay. And some kind of object in the cargo bay that's being constructed atom by atom. I have no idea. It's composed of silica polymers, duranium, and a couple of other compounds we haven't been able to identify yet. But creating it has had quite an effect on our systems. Warp power has dropped forty seven percent. Counsellor, we haven't been able to re-establish the safeties. Vertion particles. It's growing even faster than before. Commander, I'm picking up internal energy this thing. [Bridge] Matter conversion. It's incredible. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, something's wrong. We've got power fluctuations. Vertion absorption rate is dropping. What's happening to the particle beam? [Bridge] The energy output of the object is decreasing. [Holodeck - Engine room] Captain, you'd better take a look at this. When the particle beam cut off, the object was beginning to form a coherent energy matrix. Now, if these readings are accurate, I'd say that the emission patterns were almost organic. I think so. Well, its energy levels are dropping rapidly. Unless it gets an infusion of vertion particles, and I mean soon, I don't think so. (rumble, and Geordi checks a console) Captain, all of our systems are back online and we're moving again, at warp nine. Captain, we have a problem. Even at warp nine, the Cordannas system is over twelve hours from here. Yes, sir, but that's not the problem. The ship has diverted all of our systems to maximum propulsion, including life support. We have less than two hours of reserve oxygen. White dwarf stars are the only natural sources of vertions, sir. I've narrowed the search to the MacPherson Nebula, which is a supernova remnant, and Dikon Alpha, which is a class nine pulsar. They're both fairly close to our current flight path and either one could produce vertion particles if we detonated a modified photon torpedo inside it. It's really hard to say. I can't even guarantee that we can create them at all. I say go with the nebula. Yes, Captain, we are. Aye, sir. It's working, Captain. The reaction is producing vertion particles. [Holodeck Engine room] Captain. (the bizarre thing lifts off the floor, becomes bright light and flies out through the hull) [Holodeck - train] (it's a champagne send-off for baby, and as they sip their drinks, Troi, Worf and Data are in an empty holodeck) Captain's log, supplemental. The Enterprise is back under our control. All traces of the emergent intelligence are gone and the object it created has disappeared into space. [Ready room]
Ro! Say, I understand that Advanced Tactical Training is a real picnic. It wasn't easy to find.
Captain Picard to the Bridge! Captain, we've got a problem with the warp core, or the phase inducers, or some other damn thing. Hello, Captain or should I call you Ambassador? How about Mister Picard? I don't think I could get used to that. Nine years. Close to twenty five years. IA little too good to me in some places. Can I give you a hand here? You've got leaf miners. You might want to use a bacillus spray. My wife is quite a gardener. I've picked up a little bit of it. Just wonderful. Busy as ever. She's just been made director of the Daystrom Institute. Sidney. Well, they're not so little any more. Brett is applying to Starfleet Academy next year. Oh I just thought I'd stop by. Been thinking about the old days on the Enterprise. I was in the neighbourhood. No. Leah's got a few friends at Starfleet Medical. Word gets around. I know. Once I heard, well, I just wanted to stop by just the same. Captain, are you all right? Captain! Captain. What's wrong? What? What do you mean? You've been right here with me. It's okay, Captain. Everything's going to be all right. Captain, I think we should go back to the house and call your doctor Well, all right. All right. So, what do you want do about it? Data? Why? Help how? Okay, then, all right, let's go see Data. He's still at Cambridge, isn't he? See who? Come on, Captain. Let's go see Data. Thank you. Data, what is it with the hair anyway? Now come on, Captain, no one said anything of the kind. Perhaps the anomaly is a temporal disturbance of some kind. Captain, wake up. The Neutral Zone? Data's arranged for us to run those tests on you in the biometrics lab. We're ready to go if you are. The Neutral Zone? Why? Captain. Just because you've seen it in two other time frames, doesn't mean that it's going to be here. All right. Okay. But first, there is no Neutral Zone, remember? Right now relations between us and the Klingons aren't too cosy. Well, if we're going to the Devron system, we're going to need a ship. Captain, I'm sorry. I guess all we can do now is wait and see if the Yorktown finds anything. So, What we need is a medical ship. Hello, Doctor. Agreed. What about Worf? Data, isn't Worf still a member of the Klingon High Council? I'm not sure, but I wouldn't try suggesting it. He says he's not taking any more damn tests. I don't believe him. This has to be another one of Q's games. He's probably listening to us right now, getting a big laugh out of watching us jump through his hoops. We can get more power if we reroute the primary EPS taps to the deflector array. Okay. the pulse is holding steady. We're starting to receive data from the scan. I don't know. It's like somebody's sticking an ice pick in my temples. My visor's picking up all kinds of electromagnetic fluctuations. I'm trying, Captain. They're too much for us. I can't keep the phase inducers online. The warp core has been badly damaged. There's a breach in progress. The ship has held up pretty well over the years. Might have been tough for him then. He took her death pretty hard. I see where you're going, Data. And because anti-time operates opposite the way normal time does, the effects would travel backwards through the space-time continuum. It's an anti-time eruption. It seems to have been formed within the last six hours. The only way to stop this thing's to repair the rupture at the focal point where time and anti-time are converging. Yeah, Data, that's right. And the shell would act as an artificial subspace barrier separating time and anti-time. Auxiliary power. I'm having trouble keeping the impulse engines online. I've got power fluctuations all across the board. I'm trying, but there's a lot of interference. I can't hold it. The containment system is going. We're losing containment. Containment field is at critical. I'm losing it! (the anomaly sucks into the Enterprise and KaBOOM!) [Courtroom] (Picard is sitting with his head in his hands) Four hands in a row. How does he do it? Sure goes against everything we've heard about not polluting the time line, doesn't it.
