Hello Counsellor Deanna Troi. I am functioning within normal parameters. Purpose for exterior drapings, Father? Gender female. Gender male. I am gender neuter. Inadequate. What are criteria? I choose your sex and appearance. Yes. I have chosen. [Laboratory] Home. Place of residence. Social unit formed by a family living together. Painting. Colours produced on a surface by applying a pigment. Soft. Painting. Smell! Show me more, Father. Second officer's science log, supplemental. Training in social skills at the most elementary level has begun. Lal is progressing very slowly but is not deterred by early setbacks. While motor coordination has improved twelve percent, reflexes still need to develop. Visual comprehension is especially difficult for Lal. Translating her vast data banks into recognisable applications may improve with additional transfers. She is also learning to supplement her innate android behaviour with simulated human responses. And it is interesting to note that as I observe Lal learning about her world, I share in her experience, almost as though I am learning things over again. (Beneath that narrative, we see Lal taking a drink but not swallowing, putting her hand up to catch the ball a good two seconds too late, being shown how to blink, and finally eating a dessert in Ten Forward, then using her napkin) [Laboratory] Father? What is my purpose? My function, my reason for being? Why am I me instead of someone else? Where did I come from? How? Why do we have two hands? Why not three or four? Why is the sky black? Why do (He switches her off in mid-question) Father, what is the significance of laughter? Then judging from their laughter, the children at school found my remarks humorous. So without understanding humour, I have somehow mastered it. Yes, Father? Explain. Why would they wish to be unkind? I do not want to be different. [Crusher's office] I am functioning within normal. I am fine, thank you. Father says I would learn a great deal from working with someone as old as you. I've been programmed with a listing of fourteen hundred and twelve known beverages. I've been programmed with a listing of fourteen hundred Then I will desist. What are they doing? They seem to be communicating telepathically. Guinan, is the joining of hands a symbolic act for humans? He's biting that female. Why are they leaving? Yes. (She reaches across the bar, pulls Riker towards herself and kisses him. Data enters) I watch them and I can do the things they do but I will never feel the emotions. I'll never know love. Then why do you still try to emulate humans? What purpose does it serve except to remind you that you are incomplete? You are wise, Father. I learned today that humans like to hold hands. It is a symbolic gesture of affection. (They hold hands) [Ready room] Why? Have I done something wrong? Yes, I'll agree. Thus, the natural conclusion would be when I have learned all there is to learn aboard the starship, I would relocate to Galor Four. I believe it is. You do not speak with respect. I'm merely stating a fact, Admiral. My father is already helping me, sir. Are you asking me, sir? I wish to remain here, Captain Picard. Troi. Admiral. Admiral. An admiral from Starfleet has come to take me away, Troi. I am scared. I feel it. How is this possible? This is what it means to feel. This is what it means to feel. [Observation lounge] Father. I know. I feel I love you, Father. I will feel it for both of us. Thank you for my life. Flirting. Laughter. Painting. Family. Female. Human. [Bridge]
