(the woman) You offered a fair price. We have not received it. No more than the barrel is your property. It's as simple as this. The goods were never delivered. They were destroyed with your ship. There's no reasoning with you. You must think us heartless brutes, Captain, but look at our side of it. The plant which yields the medicine felicium grows only in remote areas of Brekka. That single shipment of felicium represents an enormous investment. We can't just give it away. That is your viewpoint. Ours, of course, differs. I assure you we're in perfect health. Captain, could I speak with you please? In private. And its crew. Everyone is so efficient and professional. Wait. Let the Captain speak. We want to be reasonable. We want to be fair, Captain. We agree to permitting them two dosages for immediate use. Captain, I trust you won't mind if we're present while you open the cargo. [Cargo bay] (The barrel is opened and a device lifted from the top of the powder) Point zero one millilitres. In my grandfather's day, the same amount of felicium would have filled five rooms this size. It varies with the individual. Yes. Unfortunately, there is no cure for the plague. Allowing the Ornarans to lead normal lives. The plague has baffled doctors on both planets for two hundred years. We don't need any. The Ornarans provide us everything we need in exchange for this. One of the little ironies of life, Captain. The Ornarans provide us with the necessities of life, and we provide them with the necessities of living. It is a fair exchange. Captain Picard, could I see you a moment? We have thought about this a great deal. Although it is going to cause hardship to us and to our people, we have decided to give the felicium to them. We don't want to be the ones responsible for their suffering. Are you going to tell them? If you can't interfere, then you are going to allow the Ornarans to have the felicium? You are absolutely right, Captain. It's not your business. [Cargo bay] In the mean time, there's no need to deprive you of your needed medicine. We appreciate your hospitality. And interfering with a trade arrangement that has lasted for generations! What of your Prime Directive?
