La Forge. So you're the one who's fouled up my engine designs. (and stalks past him straight out of the room) [Engineering] (Leah is getting the full tour) The matter-antimatter ratio has been changed. The mixture isn't as rich as regulations dictate. The magnetic plasma transfer to the warp field generators doesn't correspond to the recommended specs. Is that a criticism, Commander? You've charted a completely new swap-out schedule for main components replacement. Is that going to be your only defence, Commander, that same tired rhetoric? Out here in the field we learn things you designers couldn't possibly understand. I'd like to hear this message privately. Thank you. [Bridge] I'm aware of that. Okay. [Bridge] What happened here? Who did this? Remember? Why would I remember? So it was your idea? It's curious. this modification was due to be introduced. Yes. How did you know? Agenda? Maybe you're right. I love fungilli. Oh, you've changed. You're less formal than any Starfleet officer I've ever met, Commander. I'm fine. Thank you. No, thank you. Different than a few hours ago? Oh. Yes, I used to wear it up. Why would you need to see my personnel file? Commander La Forge, if I seem to be somewhat unyielding in my views, it's because I care so very much about my work. To be honest, people find me cold, cerebral, lacking in humour. Well, I try not to be that way, but when it comes to my designs, my engines, especially the ones on the Enterprise. Yes. Exactly. You understand that? That's amazing. I don't think anyone has ever. Sometimes I feel more comfortable with engine schematics than people. Commander. I'm sorry, I hope that I didn't put you to a lot of trouble but I can't stay. I just don't think that it's appropriate. I'll meet with you at oh eight hundred tomorrow. I'm preparing a list of discrepancies that I've identified in your modifications. I hope, now that we've reached an understanding that you'll be prepared to discuss them with me in a more objective fashion. Thank you. Goodnight, Commander. (Leah leaves) Good morning. The first thing I'd like to do is inspect the power transfer conduits. I designed them, Commander. I know what's involved. [Jefferies tube] (they are both on hands and knees, in brown overalls) The acoustic signature doesn't sound right. What's causing it? I've never seen anything like this before. What is it? This has never been done before. I don't even think this has ever been conceived of before. You should write a scientific paper. But this kind of refinement should be shared, and you deserve the credit for it. Commander La Forge, ever since I came on board, there seems to be something a little peculiar about your attitude. You seem to know things about me, even though we've never met. Well, I'm flattered, but. I thought you knew. I mean, you know everything else about me, but Commander, if I'm hearing what I think I'm hearing, then you should know that I'm married. [Bridge] We may be able to modify the engine to extend that a little longer, Captain. It's almost completely covering the door of shuttlebay two. If we open the door and deactivate the atmospheric force field. We can save a lot of energy just by improving engine efficiency. And why you added the mid-range phase adjusters? Commander it seems that you've made a lot more modifications than I'm aware of. Do you have a file on all the work you've done? Phase coils upgraded to fifty five field densities. Plasma inducers interlinked with generator. Ensign, would there be any other files with data on the original engine specifications? This file utilises the prototype engine schematic. I'll run it on holodeck three. [Corridor] Computer replay programme nine one four zero. Engine schematic at Utopia Planitia. Now I understand. I called up a replay of the programme file. I was all ready to compliment you again, Commander, for constructing a programme which contained the prototype engine so that you would always have a baseline reference for your modifications. And now I find that it's all about a fantasy plaything. I'm outraged by this. I have been invaded. Violated. How dare you use me like this? How far did it go, anyway? Was it good for you? Oh, I can tell. Every time you're touching the engine you're touching me. Real professional. How do I know how far it went? How many other programs did you create? Perhaps dozens of them, one for every day of the week, one for every mood. Commander, I have a thought. If you're interested. If the baby is nursing, perhaps what we need is to find a way to sour the milk. If we could contaminate the energy he's feeding on, we could try to And how do we modify them without losing life support? What? Apparently. Twenty one centimetres. That's good, Commander, that's very good. If we could alter the power frequency so that it's completely foreign to the life form's natural vibrations We have to be careful, though. If we upset it this time, we might lose auxiliary power too. Reading eighteen, fifteen thirteen, eleven, eight, five, three. Now at the two centimetre level. Reading one, point eight, point four [Bridge] Point two. (shudder) [Engineering] Point oh eight. [Engineering] Oh five, oh three. [Bridge] Now at point oh two centimetres. You, too. [Ten Forward] The computer never told you that I was married? You know, I really owe you an apology. Well if you had, then I never would've got a chance to see the look on your face when you walked in on me and me in the holodeck. I wouldn't change a thing. Except for the way I behaved. I guess I came here with my own set of preconceptions about you. Me, too. My husband. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Theoretical propulsion logs, Federation Starship Enterprise, Galaxy class. Heading, Subspace. Author, Leah Brahms. Specify programme. It is possible to reorient the crystal. The key lies in adjusting the lattice structure direction. This modification will be integrated into the next class starship. The dilithium crystal chamber was designed at outpost designated Seran T One, Stardate 40052. Some of the Federation's best engineering minds participated in its development. Theoretically, yes. The system should be able to accept more reactants at a faster rate of injection. Systems L-452 through L-575 will accept reactants, providing all other systems are calibrated to an equal factor. Geordi, it's me, Leah. Don't start calling me Doctor Brahms or I'll call you Commander La Forge. Now, we've managed to maintain energy but we can't leave it in this realignment forever without burning out components, so we need to move quickly. (Geordi's jaw is on the floor) Are you with me? Will you listen to me! You can just increase the speed of the parallel subspace field processor to gain a quicker response time This is my design we're talking about. I did all the calculations myself. I am not used to having people question my judgment. True. You're good. Very good. Well then you must know me inside and out. 'Cos a lot of me is in here. That's what's wrong with designers. We never get out in space. The processors can handle the extra input. There isn't much time left. Maybe. There must be a time differential between the force and counter force. If we can just make quick, continuing adjustments in the linkups before the counterforce reacts, we might just be able to move this bucket. Like it? Wait till I make you my fungilli. I'm sorry. I thought it would feel good. Coming up on sixteen hundred hours. I could do it. I'm not human. There you go. We got out. It might work, Geordi. It's all we've got. Geordi, there's no other way. Violins? We made a good team. I'm with you every day, Geordi. Every time you look at this engine, you're looking at me. Every time you touch it, it's me. (They kiss)
