Then how do you explain the fact that a Federation team launched an unprovoked assault on Cardassian territory less than fourteen hours ago? Then let me explain. Captain Jean-Luc Picard, Lieutenant Worf, and Doctor Beverly Crusher landed on Celtris Three, attacked one of our outposts in a brutal assault, and killed over fifty five men, women and children. We have all the evidence we need. We have Captain Picard. The Cardassian Union has yet to decided how it will respond to this latest provocation. But rest assured, we will respond. (the Cardassians leave) Do you have anything to say? And if we wish to execute him? The Selonis Convention applies to prisoners of war, which means you would have to acknowledge that he was captured during a mission authorised by the Federation. Are you willing to make such an admission? Then he will be treated as a terrorist. There is, of course, an alternative. If the Federation agreed to a complete and immediate withdrawal from this sector, then we would be disposed to release Captain Picard and forget about this incident. Of course. You have seven hours. (the Cardassians leave) This is Cardassian territory, Captain. Your presence here is another deliberate provocation to You can't intimidate us. What are your terms? But that will leave us defenceless. I will agree to your terms. You told me he would be ready to go. Get him cleaned up. A ship is waiting to take him back to the Enterprise. Captain Picard, if you'll go with the guards, they'll take care of you.
What is going on? I have been waiting here for over an hour! This treatment is a deliberate insult to the Cardassian Union. I have been kept waiting here for over an hour. I did not agree to allow others into this meeting. I am not alarmed. But we did not I have here come to negotiate a Federation withdrawal from the border, not to be dictated to by some mere captain. May I present my aides, Glin Corak and Glin Tajor. I see the Federation spy network has again provided you with faulty information. We are conducting routine training operations, nothing more. Your fleet deployments do not concern us. However, we are very concerned about your refusal to vacate those territories along the border which are clearly Cardassian. Negotiations which we have pursued in good faith. Unfortunately, the Federation has not been as forthcoming. We are preparing to defend ourselves. That has always been your position. However, I have heard reports that a small team from the Federation has already been sent into our territory. Of course, I don't believe it. Such an attempt would almost certainly fail, and even if it succeeded, it would trigger a very serious response on our part. Then there's no need for worry. A short recess would seem to be in order. Where is Captain Picard? Well, I hope his new assignment is not too dangerous. It would be a shame if something were to happen to such a, er, such a noted officer.
