(a man) Why did we have to come so early? You'll be ready. You've read the sundial hundreds of times. You're taking your duties quite seriously. Your mother would have been proud of you. I don't know. [Duck blind] You wait here, Oji. (Liko climbs right up to the window and looks inside) [Duck blind] Picard? Oji? Oji? (She hears him) Here. Oji. I think I was, but I was brought back to life. Oji, I awoke in an incredible place and my wounds were gone. I had been healed. Long ago, our people believed in beings with great powers. These beings made the rains come, told the sun when to rise, they caused all life to be born, to grow, to die. But perhaps the beliefs of our ancestors are true. Nothing else can explain what's happened. Everything is changed now, Oji. We must tell the others. [Observation lounge] I understand your skepticism. Had it not happened to me, I would find it difficult to accept as well. Fento, you know the legends better than anyone. Do they not speak of beings like the kind I've seen? And couldn't this Overseer heal the dead? I believe I have seen the Overseer. He is called the Picard. Nuria, I'm not saying all the old beliefs are true. But I did see the Picard, and I was restored back to life. Dream? It was real! That is not reasonable. It has to be Palmer! The one the Picard wished to find. The Picard will be pleased. (The villagers rush off and leave them) Yes. The Picard has many servants. Isn't that true, Fento? We should bind him in case he wakes and tries to escape. And I heard the Picard say he wanted to find Palmer. And he'll grant us favours in return. He could even bring back those who have died. Another servant of the Picard? Go. [Assembly hall] (Riker is gagging the bound Fento) Why did you and Riker take Palmer from us? Fanto, weren't there stories about the Overseer destroying those who offended him? Still, the Picard may blame us for letting Palmer escape. Perhaps we should punish her. Let the Overseer know [Bridge] That's not enough. If it will hold off the Picard's anger, yes. I've seen how powerful he is. It's not the season for lightning. It must be a warning. It must mean something. The Picard is angry with us. He blames us for letting Palmer escape. Will he also send floods? My wife died in last year's floods. Will we all die now? We must find Nuria. [Ready room] Hali, any sign of Palmer or Riker? We must do as the Picard wishes. Punish those responsible. Nuria isn't here. We can't wait. (Liko gestures to Hali for his bow) [Sickbay] I have no choice. I must do as the Picard wishes. We must do something. Picard, we need your guidance. Is it your wish that this woman should die? Answer us. Speak. (Picard and Nuria enter) The Picard. The Overseer has come. But you have restored my life. I am your servant. Then how was I brought back to life? No. No. He can bring back the dead. Show them, Picard. You can bring my wife back to me. Why? Why won't you do this for me? Have I failed you in some way? Are you angry with me? Then I beg you, bring her back to me. I will give you my life in exchange. Please, take back what you gave me. Give it to her. Let her live! Nothing is beyond your power! You are the Overseer. I will prove it! (He aims the arrow at Picard) Because their presence would affect us, just as it affected me.
