Hi. (enter Robert Duncan McNeill, who will become Tom Paris in Voyager) Captain, sir. Hello, Doctor. Captain Picard. I came by to see if Wes had healed up all right. I'm okay. I just never lost anyone under my command before. You too, sir. (Picard and Beverly leave) The inquiry is scheduled for fifteen hundred hours. Are you ready? Don't worry about it, Wes. Everything's going to be all right so long as we stick together. [Academy gardens] (Picard strolls across the Japanese bridge) You nervous? That's okay. So am I. But we're going to be all right. We've got some tough times ahead but we've always come through for each other. Whatever happens, I want you all to know that leading this team has been the high point of my years at the Academy. No one could have asked for a better team, or better friends. Let's go. [Academy hearing room] (There's a bigger audience as Nick stands by a diagram of Saturn and its moon's orbits is on the screen) At this point, we accelerated and executed a starboard turn of twenty seven degrees. We came out of the turn on course for Titan. Yes, sir. As we entered Titan's gravitational sphere, I gave the signal to tighten up and move into a diamond slot formation. Remaining in the diamond formation, we executed a low apogee turn around Titan then began a z-plus twenty five degree climb in preparation for a Yeager loop. (named for Chuck Yeager, who broke the sound barrier in 1947) Approximately nine seconds later, Cadet Albert's ship collided with Cadet Hajar's. We had less than two seconds to activate our emergency transporters and beam to the evac stations at Mimas. Everyone made it except Josh. No, sir. Sir, may I? Admiral, Josh was a good pilot but lately he'd been having difficulties. He'd get nervous during close fly-bys and pull away in the final seconds. His formation flying was a little erratic. No, sir, I didn't. We'd flown together a long time. I thought he could handle it if I gave him a chance. I was wrong. I think Josh got frightened and tried to pull out of the turn prematurely, and then crashed into Cadet Hajar. Josh was our friend. We didn't want him to be remembered as someone who panicked. Everything's fine. Trust me. [Engineering] (Data is also present) I had to do something. I didn't lie. Everything I said was the truth. Look, he was my friend too, Wes. I worked to get him on this team. But the truth is, he panicked. Of course we do. None of us has wanted to say it out loud, but we've all had the same thought. Haven't we? Sito? (she nods) Wes, I know you want to protect his memory, We all do. But we have to look out for ourselves now. What do you want us to do, walk in and tell them everything that happened? Are we ready for that? We'll take this one step at a time. This is the preliminary report from your flight recorder. It was so badly damaged in the crash, that the lab could only retrieve a third of the total telemetry on the recorder. And all of it is before the collision. There's no problem here. The first night I met you, Wes, I knew I wanted you on this squad. You, more than any of the rest, would understand what it means to be able to count on someone, because you've been out there, putting yourself on the line. You know you've got to be able to count on the people on your team, because your life is in their hands, and their lives are in yours. We made a promise to each other right in the beginning, that we'd stick together. We were Nova Squadron. Nobody else could say that. And even after we graduated, we'd try to get posted to the same duty. We were going to be a team for a long time. Josh can't be a part of those plans anymore, but I think he would still want us to be a team. What do you think? [Academy hearing room] (Wesley is checking the data from his flight recorder against the display on the screen) Your message said it was urgent. Calm down. Calm down. Now tell me exactly what happened. You said he'd figured it out. Does he have any evidence? Captain Picard doesn't know anything. He has a theory. So let him tell the inquiry what he thinks happened. They'll ask us, is it true? We'll say, no, sir. There's no evidence, so there's no case. We'll get off with a reprimand. Wesley, we have to hang on just a little longer, then this will all be over. Wesley. You're going to tell them what happened? You? Alone? Are going to decide what happens to me, to Sito, to Jean? You're going to decide that? You can't lie to them. You can't live with this. You have to tell them what happened. Who the hell are you? You're going to turn us in? No, you wait a minute. He got to you, didn't he? Picard told you some big story about duty and honour. It must've been a pretty good speech to make you turn your back on your friends. What about your duty to your friends? I got you on this team. I gave you a chance when there were upperclassmen waiting in line. I said, He won't let us down. He was on the Enterprise. He knows what it's like to trust somebody with his life. I guess I was wrong. We don't want to come forward. Sito, Jean and me, we don't have a problem with this. But if you do, then resign your appointment to the Academy and walk away. Don't make us pay for your guilty conscience. To save the team. That's more important than you, and it's more important than me. And if I was in your place I'd do it without hesitation. But that's me. [Academy hearing room] No, sir. [Academy gardens]
