Welcome to Velara Three. Please. I want you to remember it as it is now, because in a couple of decades you won't recognise it. Luisa Kim. Gardener of Edens. Arthur Malencon, hydraulics specialist, (bald, middle-aged) and Bjorn Benson, Chief Engineer. (younger, blond) We don't get many visitors. It's exciting to have you here. I should apologise for him. We are at a critical phase. Usually he's quite charming. How much do you know about the process? Oh, wonderful. Let me show you what we do. Newcomers find this What we're doing is so exciting, so inspiring. We take a lifeless planet and little by little transform it into an M class environment, capable of supporting life. Terraforming makes you feel a little god-like. The first phase involves selecting the planet. That's very important. It must have the right mass and gravity, the correct rate of rotation, and a balanced day and night. The planet must also be without life or the prospect of life developing naturally. The Federation determines if that's so. Then, we take over. This station is phase two. Phase Three involves water. Usually we create basins using hydraulic landscaping, but the water on this planet is subsurface, and extremely high in salt content. We are just about to begin pumping and filtering the water, removing the salt, oxygenating and replacing. Next, we introduce micro-organisms, and when the process is complete eventually, we'll have a lush, arable, biosphere. (in 30-35 years according to her display) I think it's the best job in the universe. I want to go. We should be with him. Kurt, please come too. It's not locked. Is it true? Did you really find a life form? What's it like? Everything I've worked so hard for is falling apart. Perhaps later. [Bridge] (The image from the lab is on the viewscreen) Is this true? You knew there was life on Velara Three? Why was I never told about this? There is a very thin layer of highly saline water under the sandy top soil. He was siphoning that off. I don't understand. If we had continued to remove that water, we would have destroyed them all. The life form must have evolved at that narrow layer where the light got through the sand to the water. Drop the water a centimetre below the light penetration level, and they starve. [Corridor]
