I am Lutan. A woman? Your Chief of Security? I am honoured to meet your officers. This is my Secondary, Hagon. A sample of the vaccine. (Tasha steps forward to intercept Hagon and his box before he gets to Picard) How interesting. May we prove as surprising to you. Unless you care to examine it further. Yes, yes. Please prepare it. We shall join you shortly. (Picard, Riker, Troi and Yar turn and leave) They are strange alien beings. You bear no fault. May be exactly what I have needed. [Observation Lounge] (Data brings in a statuette of a horse) A most thoughtful gift. We are pleased. We of Ligon have been apprehensive about strangers. We are not technologically advanced as you, yet we possess something you do not. A vaccine which has been found to be an effective antidote to your dreaded Anchilles fever. If you respect our customs and if we see that respect, we will be friends. And we will make the antidote available to all who need it. Surrounded by such friendship, I feel no need for my guards. I will return shortly. Prepare to transport me then. (The four guards leave) Would it possible to see one of your wondrous holodecks? We have heard how they are used to train your officers. Would it be possible for Lieutenant Yar to do so, Captain? Some demonstration of defence training? You can create people? Without a soul? Then you will show me, Hagon. (Hagon gets thrown) Thank you, Lieutenant. How very enlightening. Even the extraordinary Lieutenant Yar? Your skill impresses me. I like you. [Cargo Bay One] Farewell, my new friends of the noble Enterprise. May I also extend a personal farewell to Lieutenant Yar? In your Federation terms. (He shakes her hand then pulls her close so she, Lutan and Hagon are beamed out together) You will display your image, please. Are you making demands, Captain? Then come visit us, Captain, and we will return her to you. (a little later) Welcome to my Centreplace, Captain Picard. Consider yourselves my honoured guests. This is my First One, Yareena. Yes. As on your vessel, you have only to name whatever courtesy we can provide. Lieutenant Yar will be returned to you tonight at a banquet I have arranged in your honour. Bring Lieutenant Yar. I find it odd, Captain, that a man of your experience has such difficulty in understanding ordinary politeness. The expression please is used only when requesting the person back. With clear and simple ways deeply rooted in our culture. If you are willing to ask for Lieutenant Yar's return tonight in front of all, honour will be satisfied. Honour is everything. (Tasha is brought in by two guards. She is not happy) For a moment I thought I heard a threat implied. But that would be foolishness. The festivities for her return to you are in preparation. Shall we retire till then? Well spoken. There are those among my equals in this gathering who were wary of my approaching the Federation. I am proud to have taken this first step towards a treaty, and proud that we have something of great value to offer you, a priceless life-giving vaccine. The abduction I have done according to our custom, for all to see. Your conduct in this matter has been beyond exemplary, Captain Picard, but now that the moment has come, I find I cannot part with her. (General consternation!) This is not an act of war, but of love. I want Lieutenant Yar to become my First One. Then you shall have no treaty, no vaccine, and no Lieutenant Yar! Ship's log, First Officer Riker reporting. We have been informed of the challenge to Lieutenant Yar, and are maintaining combat readiness round the clock. We are probing Lutan's compound deeply with our sensors now, still unnoticed. [Tasha's room] I am in the grip of forces you do not understand. You surprise me, Captain. What do you know of needs and feelings? Not I, Yareena. I am merely a spectator. We understand they are highly pleasant things, but after all, unimportant. Except for the land they own. A code of honour protects one, Captain, like a magic cloak. Combatants, hold your positions. Return the weapon. (The spectator dies of his wound and is dragged away. Yareena is given the glove back and she returns to the business of trying to kill Tasha. Tasha manages to make Yareena loose her balance) But what of your Lieutenant Yar? She is to become my First One now. At least all has not been lost. Ah, yes, of course. She is not dead! There was no death combat. You violated our agreement. There will be no treaty, no vaccine! There was no challenge! She lives! But this is witchcraft, Yareena. To discard a mate in this manner Yareena, no. I have my honour.
