Don't say it, think it. Use your mind, not your mouth. Deanna, shame. What has this life done to you? So, you're not totally out of practice. Good. Very good. [Lwaxana's quarters] You've been slack, little one. Allowed your mental powers to rust. Yes, they do, don't they. Poor dears. Our style of complete honesty frightens them. If they'd only say what they think instead of hiding it. An entire shipload of such inconsistency could drive one insane. Try and remember your heritage, little one. (out loud) Captain! Even Xelo never had such thoughts about me. You may energise. (Lwaxana and Homn are beamed away)
Lwaxana Troi, daughter of the Fifth House, Holder of the Sacred Chalice of Rixx, Heir to the Holy Rings of Betazed. Legs! Where are the legs? Oh, I hate that. I will never completely trust this device, Jean-Luc. Aaagh! Delegates? Last time I saw something like that, it was being served on a plate. Darling. Well, well, well. And you, Jean-Luc, I wasn't aware you had such handsome legs. My valet is waiting. You may beam him aboard now. You remember Mister Homn, of course. I retain his services despite the outlandishly lustful thoughts he spews in my direction. You can put that down, Homn. We can't deny the Captain the honour of carrying my belongings. That's not what you're really thinking, Jean-Luc. You forget I'm a telepath. Really? That's a custom we may have to introduce again. [Lwaxana's quarters] Thank you. I am be serving a Betazoid dinner of greeting tonight, Captain. It is an ambassadorial function. He's a fine man. Solid, reliable. He's a little on the stuffy side, but, all in all, he's not that bad. But that's exactly what men are, darling. Especially human men. Was your father ever unhappy with me? You will as you mature, darling. And the men in your life are going to bless you for it. You're so beautiful. [Bridge] Hello, Jean-Luc. So glad you could come. (at table) A toast to Earthmen, who, despite their faults, have that unique ability to charm women of all races, in all corners of the galaxy. I know what you're thinking, Captain. You're wondering whether I'm seeing any other man. On a serious basis. I wouldn't worry about it, Jean-Luc. Competition seems to bring out the best in the human male. You never assume anything where Lwaxana Troi is concerned. Betazoid women are full of surprises. Strange, I'm not really very hungry tonight. I wonder what's made me lose my appetite? Any ideas? (Homn strikes a gong) I don't know. What? [Bridge] How could you possibly think I would want to share our special time together with that, that, robot of yours? Not really. Is that so? Deanna, darling. Thank the Four Deities you're here. No! I mean, I'm sure you're needed on the Bridge as well. I know we will. (Picard and Data leave) Well, Little One, the Captain is every bit as charming as your father was. [Corridor] I had no choice. I was going to Pacifica, you were going to Pacifica. I have it completely under control. Well, far enough along for me to enjoy it, Little One. Don't be ridiculous. This simple little dress? Nothing provocative about it. I'm going to do the only honourable thing there is to do. And I'd say your Captain has the inside track. Why not? He was thinking about it all through dinner. [Ready room] Unavailable? Ship's business? You mean ship's business takes precedence over me? Oh, well, he was too old for me anyway. Homn, perhaps we should consider my alternate plan. You worry too much, Little One. Your mother has the situation well in hand. [Hill's office] I still say they look better in sauce. When will the good Captain revive them? You seem a fine boy. One day you'll grow up to be a big, strong man. But I'm afraid I cannot afford to wait for you to mature. Now that's more like it. Your thoughts, they're primal, savage. I like that in a man. Which is in your favour, men so often being irrational and egotistical. But unfortunately, I've grown accustomed to human companionship. Pity. You'd have made a fine choice. Well, who's next, Mister Homn? (Homn thinks, then puts his hand across his eyes) Ah yes. Let's do it, I'm not getting any younger. (Lwaxana and Homn leave) I didn't just stroll on, dear. I took the turbo tube, or whatever you call it. The Captain's not here? I have other interests as well. You're going to see the Captain? But I thought he was tied up on ship's business. Excellent timing. Then you may also inform him about us. You don't mind if I let our ship's crew know first, do you, William? Friends. Dear friends. You are all invited to a prestigious occasion on the planet Pacifica. There, on the shores of the Western Sea, in a traditional Betazoid ceremony, your Commander Riker and I will be joined in the union of matrimony. Until death us do part. I know how you feel, dear. You're overwhelmed with excitement. Believe me, I understand. We'll talk about the details later. Right now, there are preparations to be made. (Lwaxana and Homn leave) My fiancé just has to see how I look in this. Come along, Homn. [Corridor] Hello, computer? Is Commander Riker still on the Bridge? Holodeck? Where is that? So, this is where you've been hiding, Jean-Luc. I'm surprised you let this part of the ship get this dirty. Oh, relax, Commander. You've been making your true feelings quite clear. Obviously you feel unable to handle me. You are a very interesting person. This is the most remarkable man. I have never met anyone quite like him. He's strong. I get no thoughts from him at all. Nothing. I've never known a man so able to keep his true feelings completely hidden. No man has ever been such a mystery to me. I usually know their thoughts before they do. No. And I never realised how erotic that could be. Carry my beverage to that table. We have some things to discuss. Not just yet. Tell William I'm sorry, but Rex and I are getting married. Pity. Duty calls, darling. But I'll be back for you later. Oh? [Corridor] (Exiting a turbolift) Imagine, allowing me to go on like that with that man, who doesn't even exist. Why are they still here? They're not delegates. Those two are assassins. Don't bother to deny it. Your minds are so unsophisticated I can read your thoughts in my sleep. Their robes are lined with ultritium, highly explosive, virtually undetectable by your transporter. Well of course you are. They were planning on blowing up the entire conference. Ah well, I didn't find a mate, but I did save the conference, as well as your reputations. All in a day's work, I suppose. (in mid transport) Jean-Luc. Shame on you for thinking such a thing. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
(whilst eating) Little One, you could at least pretend you're happy to see me. You mean talk with my mouth full? Deanna, please! Come in, Little One. [Troi's quarters] (Lwaxana is lying on the couch) I'll be home on Betazed if you need me, Little. Deanna. [Ready room] I believe I can control him, Little One. I'll be fine. (Deanna vanishes) Little One, Tog's given me something perfectly hideous to wear. He says it flatters my beauty. Little One, if Tog were a kitten, he'd be purring. (Riker starts working on a computer panel) Say no more, Little One. Yes, you can, and before he changes his mind.
Little one, why do you refuse to use telepathy even when we are alone? I am a woman dressing for a man. Something you might try now and then, dear. I wonder if Timicin likes green. I'm sorry, little one. I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm sorry. But I'm crying. I don't cry.
Deanna, my dear! It's Mother! [Transporter room]
But you'll do exactly what you want. Just like always. Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. (there's the repeated sound of something falling into water) Help me. Help me! (Deanna jumps into the void) [Arboretum] (although the pond is still, the sound of running water is very loud. Deanna's reflection turns into that of a blonde girl) Go.
