But who are we? What are we doing here? (who are you, sunshine?) But how did this happen? What did this to us? If they stunned us with some type of bioelectric field that could have wiped out our memories. We've heard from all decks. There are over a thousand people on board. Everyone's had their memories affected in the same way we have. We're a battleship. But no one they've talked to knows any more about their identities than we do. (at tactical) The phasers are operational. The computer was damaged. Some processors might still be down. Aye, sir. That's what happened to us. How long till we reach their central command? Activating phaser arrays. Ready to fire, sir. Captain, our orders were to destroy all Lysian warships. No! Their new weapon. Whatever it was that erased out our computers and our memories, maybe this is how they do it, over communication channels. If you're wrong, it could mean our destruction. We can't take the risk, Captain. Captain? Well done, Captain. [Observation lounge] They're going to be on alert. It is consistent with what we know about the new Lysian weapon. He's right, Captain. I volunteer for the procedure. [Sickbay] (so MacDuff is on the biobed with a device over his forehead) I'm all right. I'm all right. What happened? No. I'm sorry, Doctor. You wanted to see me, Captain? Concerns as to its success? I've been asking myself the same thing. I'm sure our superiors feel their orders are justified. Orders we can't ignore. So do I. I'd feel a lot better about this if all the questions were answered. And if you want to abandon our mission until our memories return, that's your choice, but I must ask you. Is it right to risk prolonging this war, to allow the needless deaths of thousands on both sides, solely on the basis of our moral discomfort? [MacDuff's quarters] Come. (Worf enters) Lieutenant. I did. Please. Memory or no, it seems clear that both you and I were born for battle. More so than the others. It's conceivable that is the very reason that we've been assigned to this vessel. The Enterprise has science officers, medical specialists, engineers. Our Captain is undoubtedly an accomplished diplomat. But we, we are the warriors. There are times for diplomacy. This is not one of them. I am concerned about completing our mission, ending this war. In victory. We may soon face a critical moment. The success of our mission may hang on a split-second decision. A hesitation would kill us all, and those that are counting on us will surely die as well. We cannot let this happen. That'll be all. [Bridge] The Central Command is directly ahead. Still beyond weapon range. According to Starfleet records, they're sentry pods programmed to defend their Central Command. Approaching Central Command. (which looks just like the Edo's 'god') Phaser banks ready. Loading torpedoes. We're within range, Captain. Waiting for your order, sir. The rest of our forces are depending on us. Their battleships may be on the way right now. We must attack! Belay that order! There's something wrong with the Captain. I'm taking command of this vessel. Fire all weapons! Mister Worf. (Worf blocks his way, and gets thrown across the Bridge far too easily. Riker fires a phaser at MacDuff and we briefly see an alien, but he recovers to try and fire the ships weapons. Riker shoots again, and Worf joins in. Finally they knock him out) Captain's log, supplemental. We are on a course to Starbase three zero one. Doctor Crusher has been working steadily, and has restored the memories of most of the crew. [Ready room]
