I am Gul Macet of the Cardassian ship Trager. A curious question, Captain. In war, one attacks one's enemies. Perhaps that fact was unknown to the Federation starship which destroyed our space station in the Cuellar System two days ago. Attacked an unarmed science station. They had barely enough time to send an emergency signal before they were incinerated. We are not the ones who abandoned it, Captain. Very well. One hour. (note - you may thing you know what a Cardassian looks like. You're not entirely correct, yet. This version has a bit of facial hair, a weird headpiece that comes down to the nose and less neck, but is still played by Marc Alaimo) [Ready room] I am Gul Macet. My aides, Glinn Daro, Glinn Telle. In fact, you have no assurance that the ship is still in Sector twenty one five oh five. Captain Picard, you can understand that we are sceptical. Do you expect us to believe that you are using every means at your disposal to track down one of your own? Very well. Then it's revenge he's after. Maxwell is taking retribution for his own loss. Captain, a suggestion. We have a number of ships in sector twenty one five oh five. If you will give us more precise coordinates and the ship's coded transponder frequency, we would be able to intercept Maxwell far more quickly than you. Captain, time is crucial. You have a dangerous man out there with a huge arsenal at his command. If he is intent on revenge against my people he must be stopped before he can do more damage. Then you will not give us the means to find his precise location? And the other? How would you know that? You can read our transponder codes. Yes, and accomplishing nothing, I'm sorry to say. Can you show me the location of our other ships? There, you see? We have a warship which could intercept the Phoenix before it's too late. If you will give us the transponder frequency. Or are you going to stand there while our ship is destroyed, Captain? He has destroyed our warship. Very limited. Certainly not enough to defeat a Nebula class starship. The warship carried a crew of six hundred, the supply ship, fifty. What business did you have going near one of their computers? Go to your quarters. You are confined there for the duration of this expedition. Captain, may we speak in private? I deeply regret what my aide has done, Captain. You have my word he will be disciplined upon my return. I'm not sure I would be so generous in your place, Captain. Thank you. There are those who crave war, who need it. I am not one of them, Captain, and I'm beginning to see that neither are you. We have had our full measure. The lasting peace begins here, with the two of us. What is he doing? He'll attack that ship just as he did the others. I imagine it's a supply ship, headed for the research station in the Kelrabi system. His loyalty is admirable, even if it is misplaced. You are welcome to your opinion, Captain. I, for one, am grateful he is under lock and key. If you believed the transport ship was carrying weapons, Captain, why didn't you board it as Maxwell requested? Captain, I assure you.
