(middle aged man) Don't be afraid. You're not in danger here. That would explain why you have no love for Cardassians. Let's say that we sympathise with those who oppose Cardassia. What if we were? We'll check your story. Go ahead, I'll keep an eye on her. (Kalita hands over the weapon then she and Santos leave. Macias puts the gun on his chair) Come, let's stretch our legs. [Settlement] (it's evening and the crickets are singing) Well, then we'll have a problem, won't we? Many of the people here are. They don't understand the situation here in the Zone. I lived on Juhraya. When the treaty was signed the colony suddenly found itself in Cardassian territory. Some of us chose to stay, take our chances. Then one night I was dragged from my bed and beaten. The authorities clucked their tongues and agreed it was an unfortunate incident, and did nothing. Exactly. And no one seems to see that, except the Maquis. How old were you when your father was killed? Hungry? Would you like something? (to replicator) Hasperat. An old Bajoran friend of mine used to make it. His was stronger. He was killed many years ago fighting the Cardassian occupation of Bajor. I miss his company, and his hasperat. Did he teach you how to make it? If you would make the brine for a really strong hasperat. I mean eye watering, tongue searing strong, you'd make an old man very happy. I was sure it was. Kalita, she'll stay with you until we can find her a room. [Meeting room] Ah there you are. Agreed. But we can't mount a strike without medical supplies and our stockpile is dangerously low. I know that she can make very strong hasperat. We need medical supplies. I think we should let her try. Well done. Well, it seems that Kalita has decided you're not a Federation spy after all. She's suspicious of everyone at first. And rightly so. We've learned to be cautious with strangers. But I've known since I first met you that in your heart, you're one of us. Captain's log, supplemental. Having earned the Maquis' trust with her raid on the Enterprise, Lieutenant Ro has been given access to a ship and allowed to leave the settlement by herself. [Observation lounge] How close are the Cardassians to having the components they need? I'll discuss the situation with the other cell leaders. Considering what's at stake, they'll want to help. [Settlement] I've sent a communication to the others. When this is over, we'll celebrate. When Cardassia realises they can't intimidate us into leaving our colonies. Don't be discouraged, Ro. It'll take time, but the important thing is that we not give up. I've been thinking a long time about what our celebration will be like. We'll have a huge dinner. You'll make hasperat and I'll make blueberry pie. We'll drink wine and we'll dance. I'll even play the belaklavion. That'll give everyone a laugh. Yes, badly. It's a difficult instrument, but I enjoy the challenge. Why wait? Let's go to the market. Let's get food for a feast, for a celebration. Of absolutely nothing. Just to celebrate. Come, let's go to the market. If I'm going to make a pie, we'll have to find a substitute for blueberries. Haven't seen real ones in years. Yes, I know it, very sweet. (three cowled figures go up some steps then reveal themselves to be Cardassians. They start shooting the people. Santos comes with weapons) They must have found out that there was a Maquis cell here. When an old fighter like me dies someone always steps forward to take his place. (and he dies) [Alien bar] (Picard is in civilian clothes and Ro enters. The male she kissed approaches her.)
