Admiral. How have you been, Data? Yes, I evaluated Data when it first applied to the Academy. I am going to disassemble Data. [Observation lounge] Ever since I first saw Data at the entrance evaluation at the Starfleet Academy, I've wanted to understand it. I became a student of the works of Doctor Noonien Soong, Data's creator, and I've tried to continue his work. I believe I am very close to the breakthrough that will enable me to duplicate Doctor Soong's work and replicate this. But as a first step I must disassemble and study it. Data is going to be my guide. I will run a full diagnostic on Data, evaluating the condition of its current software. I will then dump its core memory into the starbase mainframe computer and begin a detailed analysis of its construction. Yes. Not precisely. I am confident that I will find the answer once I examine the filament links in your anterior cortex. I do not anticipate any problems. Negligible. I was afraid this might be your attitude, Captain. Here are Starfleet's transfer orders separating Commander Data from the Enterprise, and reassigning it to Starbase one seventy three under my command. Data, I will see you in my office tomorrow at zero nine hundred hours. [Ready room] 'When in disgrace with fortune and men's eyes, I all alone beweep my outcast state'. Is it just words to you, or do you fathom the meaning? (Shakespeare's sonnet 29) I thought that we could talk this out, that I could try to persuade you. Your memories and knowledge will remain intact. Games of chance? And the point being? Ineffable quality. I had rather we had done this together, but one way or the other, we are doing it. You are under my command. Resigned? You can't resign. And so must I. But keep packing, because one way or the other, you will be reporting. Captain's log, supplemental. Commander Bruce Maddox, having been thwarted by Data's abrupt resignation, is now seeking a legal remedy for his woes. Captain Louvois has requested my presence at those discussions. [JAG office] Your response is emotional and irrational. You are endowing Data with human characteristics because it looks human. But it is not. If it were a box on wheels I would not be facing this opposition. If I am permitted to make this experiment, the horizons for human achievement become boundless. Consider, every ship in Starfleet with a Data on board. Utilising its tremendous capabilities, acting as our hands and eyes in dangerous situations. Data must not be permitted to resign. Rights! Rights! I'm sick to death of hearing about rights! What about my right not to have my life work subverted by blind ignorance? Now you're doing it. Data is an extraordinary piece of engineering, but it is a machine. If you permit it to resign it will destroy years of work in robotics. Starfleet does not have to allow the resignation. Let me put it another way. Would you permit the computer of the Enterprise to refuse a refit? Of course. Data is not sentient, no. Intelligence, self awareness, consciousness. This is absurd! We all know you're sentient. That's right. Well, you are self aware. Yes. It has the ability to learn and understand, and to cope with new situations. Yes. Because you are conscious of your existence and actions. You are aware of yourself and your own ego. This is exceedingly difficult. I don't know it well enough to like or dislike it. Oh yes, it's an extraordinary piece of Yes. Yes. So that I can learn from it and construct more. As many as are needed. Hundreds, thousands if necessary. There is no limit. I don't understand. A machine! Yes! I will cancel that transfer order. He's remarkable.
