If you continue on this course.
Where?
Mayday! Mayday! This is the USS (static) questing emergency assistance. (static) The outer hull is breached and environmental systems compromised. Need assistance.
This is the Bajora. We claim responsibility for the destruction of the Federation colony on Solarion Four. As long as we are without our homeland, no one will be safe in this sector. Captain's log, stardate 45076.3. We have arrived at Lya Station Alpha with survivors from Solarion Four. Admiral Kennelly has rendezvoused to discuss the Bajoran terrorist attack. [Observation lounge] (at the orbiting space station of standard Starfleet design, the Admiral is sneezing very well)
Pardon me.
Frenchman. (He and his companion laugh and walk on. Data finds a discarded copy of the San Francisco Register, Sunday August 13, 1893, proclaiming a cholera outbreak) All right. Me too.
Congratulations, Kamin.
Yes, you are.
You a private dick? Is that supposed to be funny? 'Cos if it is, you gotta know that I ain't in the mood for funny. Now, I came here on serious business. There's a job I want you to do for me.
All right, all right, it's okay. Do you need some help? It's okay.
I'll go. Commander? Certainly.
This will please you. Join us.
Very good, Senator.
Help! (Wesley opens the door) [Environmental Maintenance Laboratory] (There's steam from ruptured pipes) Help! We're trapped. I can't move. Please, help me. (Wesley sees him pinned under a piece of pipe) We're going to die in here! (There's a second man cowering in the corner) The liquid hydrogen's going to blow! The shut off valve ruptured. Hurry up! My legs are crushed. You've got to help me! (Wesley goes to lift the debris, and calls to the uninjured man in the corner) If we don't get out of here fast, they'll seal us in to contain the explosion. Thanks.
Freeze! Identify yourselves. Possibly. They found us. Follow me. (His group run off, carrying a case. The away team follow) [Coalition headquarters] (The case is crow-barred open)
Kyle Riker! Excuse me, ladies. Great to see you.
Do it! Yeah, go ahead. Do it! (BANG)
