Velara base to Enterprise. Yes, Captain, I'm Director Mandl. I'm sorry about the delay, but we weren't expecting visitors. We were a little behind, but we're back on schedule. I'd like to hope we'd be allowed to maintain that schedule. Understandably tired. We're working very hard, Captain. No disrespect, sir, but we cannot afford the time. If you will excuse me, sir, I really must get back to work. This is not really the best time. We are at a very critical phase just now. I'm trying not to be rude, sir, but this is really very inconvenient. (channel closed) As you wish. I'm Director Mandl, and I'm sorry about having been so abrupt during our initial contact. Being isolated, one tends to forget the social graces. Are you seeing everything that you want? What we are doing here is working a difficult and demanding timetable, and there will be no miracle unless Malencon here gets the hydraulic probes back on line. We are set to step up to full conversion immediately. Shouldn't you be in the hydraulic chamber, Arthur? Yes. Here we have something which may be of interest to you. A vegetation graph. It is really the key centre for successful terraforming. Every single thing is specific and exact. You see grand, romantic concepts. I see unyielding rock under an ocean of sand. It's jammed. (A last scream, and then quiet. The door opens to reveal a burnt body and a cylinder with a smoking hole in it. There is a laser in the room) First Officer's log, stardate 41464.3. What began as a routine visit to a terraforming site has turned into something far more serious. Arthur Malencon, the hydraulics engineer, has been critically injured by a laser drill which appears to have malfunctioned. [Hydraulics room] How much more of this useless fantasy must I listen to? You're overstepping your authority, Picard. You have no right to interfere. I have a schedule to meet. What do you mean a life form?! What life form?! A Federation recon expedition certified Velara Three lifeless. What is that nature? Are you saying that I knowingly defied it? I create life. I don't take it. (Mandl storms out, insulted) Not a thing. Yes. I knew that there were random energy patterns, yes, I knew that. But not life. Not by any definition I have ever heard. No! They are meaningless silicon crystals, which rebroadcast sunlight. Why do you say that? Communicate with you? Picard, I must point out again that we were assured, not once but many times, by the best scientific minds in the Federation, that this planet has no life. No life! And we were not looking, and therefore we did not see. You can't know that. Refraction and a thin atmosphere is interesting, but certainly not life. Because it's not particularly important. No, never. There was no indication of any of this on Velara Three. Picard, if it did try to communicate with us, we didn't understand that. Unbelievable. I don't know. I wanted to create a place where living things could thrive, and all the while I was about to destroy the life that is there.
