Five four two point two. I repeat. This is Doctor Paul Manheim. We are in need of help. Urgent. All ships, please respond. I repeat. Coordinates are six six seven two eight point nine Where am I? I sent one.? I am not fine, Jenice. I'm not even close to fine. Remember, it was worth it, what happened. What will happen, all of it, it was all worth it. Again. It's changing again. I'm having difficulty. I have been on the other side. I have touched another dimension. Part of me is still there. My mind is floating between two places. It is difficult to know which is which. There is no way to explain it. (Picard, Data and Troi enter) The same one? (Jenice nods) She has told me about you. Not all, but enough. It will get worse. I'm having difficulty holding the moment. How is that possible? I am not even fully versed on all of my theories. Android? On a Starfleet vessel? Your knowledge is useless, because the work we have done here has made most of those theories obsolete. Then you do understand. Yes. We were able to locate an energy source in the centre of this planetoid. We learned to enhance it, to focus it. Everything worked too well. The energy from the pulsar, the energy from the planetoid. We opened a crack, a window into another dimension. Felt? Then it is not confined to the planetoid? Captain, it must be stopped! You must help me to execute a controlled shut down of this experiment. Get my notes, they're in the lab. I'll give you the correct coordinates to beam safely down to Vandor, and the codes you need to bypass security systems to get into my lab. [Observation lounge] I am not sure I remembered all of the codes for the security system. You should warn anyone going down there What I really wanted to talk to you about is Jenice. It is only this. If anything should go wrong, please, take care of her for me. She never would admit this, but she has had a terrible time these last years. Had we not been so isolated, she might have left me, and I never would have known. At least, not right away. Perhaps I'm not a man who should have a woman like her. She deserves better. Where is my wife? Is she all right? Jenice. The effect has been reversed. I can feel it. We're safe. I feel like I'm coming out of a long tunnel. It's there. Not at all like I thought it would be. Different. I can't, not yet. The only words that fit are too pale because the images are so vibrant. It's not like anything anyone has ever experienced before. There was, no, no, there is this kind of life. Not like us. Not like this. What's the condition of my lab? Oh, Jenice, we are so close. We have learned so much to walk away. Besides, we owe it to the others, our friends. There have been so many sacrifices by so many good people. Thank you. This time it will be different, I promise. Thank you. [Outside Holodeck] (Troi and Jenice step out of the turbolift next to the holodeck door)
