Don't be in such a hurry, dear. Perhaps our guests would care for some refreshments. Really, darling, you're being rude. After all, Commander Riker is willing to sit through all your prattle about Krieger Waves. Let's have a drink, Commander, and we'll hear all about Krieger Waves. (Manua takes Riker's arm and leads him away. Apgar follows, arms crossed) [Holodeck - Space Station Living quarters] (Drinks are served in tall glasses - champagne-style) And the rewards that come with it. How interesting. Tell us about this other mission. I won't hear of such a thing. Commander, I insist you and Mister La Forge stay with us. I know that you would prefer to be alone with your very important work but I, for one, am glad for the company. (Apgar leaves) Good. I must apologise for my husband's lack of social graces. He may be one of the great scientific minds in the galaxy, but he does come up a bit short in other areas. Our guest quarters aren't luxurious but I've tried to make this room warm and inviting. The environmental controls are over here. And the door shuts by touching this panel. (door closes) This is my sanctuary. Privacy is very important on a small station. I'm left alone here. Often for hours. Are you still tired, Commander? No. I just know he did it. He killed my husband. If you greet them with such a long face they're going to assume something is wrong with the experiment. I'm certain they'll give you the time you need if you just show a little charm. I have all the reward I need. Now go on, I'll be right in. (Apgar leaves) Don't be in such a hurry, dear. Perhaps our guests would like some refreshment? Oh, dear, no. I'm no scientist. But I find this all fascinating, don't you? Darling, let Tayna take care of that. I'm sure Commander Riker wants to hear how close you are to a breakthrough. I'll pour the two of you a drink and you can talk all about Krieger waves. [Holodeck - Space Station Living quarters ] (handing out the drinks) Commander. It's a little inconvenient. Our guest quarters are very modest. The station is small, and we don't often have guests. I use this as my sanctuary. The environmental controls are here. (Riker closes the doors) Commander, please. It's late and I'm tired. My husband is one of the great minds in the galaxy and we love each other very much. (Riker pulls her towards him) Please don't. Please, my husband will be looking for me. Commander, don't, please! Please. (Programme stops) (real one) It's exactly what happened. Please. (Apgar enters) Your career was safe. He was a scientist. In another day some fascinating bit of technical trivia would have distracted him. He would have forgotten about you and his complaint to Starfleet. Excuse me. (Manua leaves the holodeck) Yes, but he was very close to a breakthrough. I have all the reward I need. And the rewards that come with it. I never said that. What's wrong with that? Ridiculous.
