What are you doing? I'll turn your lens into (something) shards. Go away! Go away! Go away! Over there. Over there. (And the camera swings round to young Jeremy holding a kitten) Jeremy? I'm getting closer. Jeremy, I'm going to find you. You must be in here somewhere. Jeremy! There was a mistake. It's okay. I'm fine. You mustn't think any more about this. The important thing is I'm never going to leave you again. I think somebody needs a hug. (He's reluctant at first, but lets her hold him) We have to go now. To the planet. That's where we're going to live now. No. We're going to live in a home just like we used to on Earth. You'll see. I promise. (The doorbell chimes, and Jeremy answers it) Lieutenant Worf. It's all right. I'm here for the boy. There is nothing to worry about. I'm going to take care of Jeremy and make him happy. It's time to go. Come, Jeremy. (Jeremy has to open the door for her) Chief O'Brien, Jeremy and I are going down to the surface. (She and Jeremy get on the pads as Picard and Troi arrive) I'm Marla Aster. To take my child down to the planet. I'm here to care for him. He needs me. Why do you resist? You're confusing the boy. (Worf grabs Jeremy and takes him off the transporter pad) Exactly the way it was. Remember, Jeremy? Does it matter? I am trying to understand your resistance. You spoke of rocks and dust on the planet. I decided to show you what awaits us there. It's his home. And it makes you happy, doesn't it? Isn't it? Jeremy, isn't that really Patches? (suddenly there is a kitten on the blanket, washing itself) Jeremy, I'm not going to leave you ever again. We'll be happy together, Jeremy, as soon as (Marla and the house vanish) Come, Jeremy. We will not let them separate us again. We're going home. [Turbolift] No! [Engineering] It is only a matter of time, Captain, before we can power the transporters ourselves The accident on the surface was caused by a remnant of an ancient and tragic era. Two species once shared this world. One of energy and one of matter. The physical beings you call the Koinonians destroyed themselves in unending, bitter wars. The surviving life forms on this world will not tolerate any further suffering as a result of that dishonourable past. So, they have made this possible. They have made me possible. I will be every bit his mother. Your philosophy is curious, Captain. What is so noble about sorrow? I can provide him an existence where he will feel no pain, no anguish. He is alone now in your world. A child, alone. How can you know he won't be happier with me? He will have any friends he needs. It is our duty to make him happy again.
