The Gatherers are elusive. We've only managed to capture a handful of them. But with the Starfleet's help Reconciliation with the Gatherers is impossible. It's been tried. Every time we've offered amnesty, they've rejected it. Eighteen years ago. For almost a century now, they've been parasites, moving from star system to star system, living on what they could find or steal. No. Captain, you have to understand our history. A hundred years ago, before the Gatherers split off from our culture, we were a savage, violent race. Clans battled clans. Bloody, vengeful feuds that lasted for generations. But we overcame those ways, all except for the Gatherers. The attempt may be futile. Thank you, Captain. I am ready now, Captain. I need only bring aboard two more servants. I have reason to believe there is a Gatherer encampment somewhere in the Hromi Cluster. A fine ship, Commander. Yuta, a light meal in twenty minutes. Yes, thank you. Cold water. Full dispensation will be extended to all Gatherers who are willing to return to Acamar Three. Should I? (Marouk drinks from the goblet, then Yuta takes it to Brull) Barbarians. This is futile. You people haven't changed in a hundred years. It's a waste of time, Captain. They don't care about how they live. Yes. Nobody forces me anywhere, Brull. A life. A home. You can end your wanderings, your miserable existence. The clan wars are over, Brull. It is a past we're ashamed of. It is why you had to leave. Now, it is time to come home. With all due respect, Brull, I would like to make the offer to Chorgan myself. Oh, it isn't. Have you no respect for the dead? For centuries, my planet was in chaos. Loyalty to one's clan was absolute. The slightest injury to one member demanded violent retaliation. The obsession with vengeance would be passed from generation to generation. And with each act of retribution, the violence would escalate. Of course, Yuta. (Brull enters and goes straight to the bar. He takes another man's drink then heads over to Wesley's window seat) Yuta. Quite simply, I am proposing amnesty for every Gatherer. I didn't believe this very persuasive Federation Captain when he suggested that we could reconcile our differences. I'm convinced now it's the right thing, not just for you, but for us too. We need you back. I've brought some Acamarian brandy. I'm sure it's been a long time. (Yuta serves the glasses) No, by accepting you back as free men. No, of course I won't. What I will do is give you the means to feed and clothe yourselves. We've set aside some land and you can use it to Then don't farm. Use the land as you wish. It is yours. And the moment you set foot on it, you'll be better off than you are today. You won't be running any longer. Autonomy? There are many levels of autonomy. Certainly your region would have certain rights. Three seats on the ruling council? Well I agree you're entitled to representation but not on the ruling council. No! You're trying to take too much! No group has three seats on the council. You only care about what you can take. You're right, Captain. I apologise for my temper. Yuta. Really, Captain. You used me in order to get to the last few you couldn't reach.
