Commander, Doctor Kila Marr. You were on the surface during the attack? Remarkable. You and your group are the only known beings ever to survive an assault by the Crystalline Entity. I should say. And your android. He was there, too? Well, shall we get started? Oh, Commander. A chance to talk to survivors so soon after an attack? I've been waiting years for this. I don't want to waste a moment more. [Observation lounge] That's typical. It could take years for anything to grow again. The Crystalline Entity seems to function like a gigantic electromagnetic collector. It needs a lot of power to keep going so it strips every form of life from the worlds it encounters and converts it all into energy. Except witnesses, for the first time in eleven recorded attacks. Now why, I wonder, did it spare your group? My point is that until now there have never been any survivors. I would like to do interviews with each of the survivors. Collect as much specific detail as I can of their observations. And I'd like to inspect the remains of Melona Colony as soon as possible. If you don't mind, Captain, I prefer to choose my own team. I am aware of his origins. I'm very much aware that his brother, Lore, worked with the Crystalline Entity, led it to Omicron Theta where it killed every living thing. I don't think it's unreasonable that I should prefer to make another choice. As you wish, Captain. (Marr, Riker and Data leave) Commander, I can hear everything you say to me. If there is anything worth my response, you can be sure I will not be silent. It's old news to me. I found evidence of bitrium on the last three attack sites. It seems to be a residual that the Entity produces after it absorbs living matter. I'm actually more interested in this cave. It still amazes me that your group was spared. Refractory metals. Yes, I know. On two separate occasions settlers sought refuge in caves. Some of them deeper than this one. They perished anyway. The tunnels on Forlat Three had strong deposits of kelbonite, yes. Perhaps it was you. Maybe it was your presence which made the Entity pass over the people in this cave. Did that occur to you? If you had been in contact with the Entity, if that's the reason Melona was attacked, it surely wouldn't have killed its ally. Did you? You don't understand. I am accusing you of collaborating with that monster! It's amazing. You can't feel anything, can you? Nothing I say to you hurts you. I'm getting a slight elevation on monocaladium particulates in this cave wall. Are you making note of it? My son died on Omicron Theta. He was sixteen when the colony was attacked. That is the reason I have became an expert on the Crystalline Entity. I have spent my life studying it, tracking it, and hoping someday to find it. And if I learn you have been helping that thing in any way whatsoever, I will see to it that you are disassembled piece by piece. [Engineering] Just a minute, Commander. I have some cellulose readings from soil samples that weren't included. (she inputs them herself) One thing about spending your life gathering information, you learn your way around computers. Hydrocarbons slightly elevated, bitrious filaments in trace amounts, lanthanides, nitrates all normal. Nothing different. Everything falls within the parameters I established at the other attack sites. I've never surveyed a site so soon after an attack. I thought maybe I'd find something new. Something that would make a difference. Why would I do that? Frankly, I just don't see what that would get us. A sharp spike at ten keV. Another. A pattern. If it also deposits antiprotons in space as it travels, can we detect them? Well, let's get to it, shall we? [Corridor] It seems I owe you thanks, Commander. I've never read that. It wasn't in any of his records. I'd heard that you'd been programmed with the experiences of the colonists, but frankly I find it hard to believe. Bridge. You possess their thoughts? Interesting. [Bridge] (on the science monitor) There. A spike at ten keV. And again. It's the same pattern we saw in Engineering. Captain, I've done some preliminary estimates on the firing pattern we need in order to destroy the Entity. The photon torpedoes will require some reprogramming, but with your permission, I'll give the calculations to Lieutenant Worf. I beg your pardon? You aren't going to kill it? I don't understand. Why are we pursuing the Entity, if not to destroy it? What do you propose? We track it down, greet it warmly and ask if it would mind terribly not ravaging any more planets? Why? Why not just kill it? What? To what end? Its needs are to slaughter people by the thousands. It is nothing but a giant killing machine. That would be small comfort for those who have died to feed it. We're not talking about cuttlefish, we're talking about people. Am I disturbing you? Commander, there's something I want to say. You have been helpful to me, and kind, and I repaid you with accusations, and I realise I may have been wrong. Captain Picard has told me you've done work in trying to establish communication with the Entity. Like tapping a crystal goblet? All right. Commander, just what kind of memories do you retain of the colonists? Do you have any of my son's memories? I see. And his journals? I was wondering. Do you know? Did he blame me? For going away. For leaving him on Omicron Theta. I left him with friends. I chose to pursue my own career. I planned to go back, but things kept interfering. I kept thinking, I'll go next month. And there weren't any more next months. He was? What else do you know? I believe so. There are some details to iron out. I've found it easy to talk to you, Commander. Do you mind if I tell you something? After hearing the screams of those men, I found it hard not to think about my son, about what happened to him. I've read stories about soldiers in the battlefield, wounded, dying. They call for their mothers. And I've often wondered if my son called for me. If he died wondering why I didn't come to him. [Ready room] I'll write a subroutine that will allow us to change the frequency of the graviton beam. Data? You told me you carried some of my son's memories. What can you tell me about Renny? What were those thoughts? Was he was he happy at all, on Omicron Theta? Renny started parrises squares when he was young. Too young, really. But the older children kept asking him to play, and I couldn't keep him away. He had this natural gift. I remember he wrote me about that. He was so proud. I'm characterising pulse widths in nanoseconds. Sound right to you? A girlfriend? I never knew about that. Of course, the last person he would tell would be his mother. What was she like? There. Now we can vary all the parameters directly from the Bridge. Could you do something for me? It would mean a lot. You see, all I have left of Renny, the only connection of him is there, inside you. I was wondering if you would talk to me in his voice. I know you have the ability to sound like other people, isn't that right? Maybe something from his journals. Captain, we are reasonably sure it's between here and the Brechtian Cluster. If I start emitting the graviton beam now, it may serve as a lure. A kind of beacon. We'll start with a pulse width of five nanoseconds, frequency one pulse per second. Let's ramp frequency. What is it? Do you have something? It's beautiful. Yes. Yes, proceed, Commander. Let's test that. Ramp the frequency again, Commander. It's working. That's a response to our signal. Let me try something else. A continuous graviton beam. It's for you, Renny I did it for you. It will never hurt anyone again. Of course. [Marr's quarters] How long will you live, Data? I'm glad. As long as you're alive he'll be alive. I need your help, Data. Like you did before. Tell me that you understand, Renny. That you know I did it for you, because I love you. Because I wanted to give you peace at last.
