Bravo! Bravo! (a dark-haired young woman) You're slowing down there, Johnny. You should've seen that one coming. Are you okay? You sure you're okay? That's it, isn't it? You are incorrigible. (Corey and Marta leave, and Q appears in modern uniform) He's winning. I thought you had a date. You're getting old, Johnny. (Corey bounces his ball off a light and down a hole in the middle of the table) Very, very nice. I think you should forget about Starfleet and play dom-jot for a living. So he was cheating? That's terrible. What did you have in mind? It was a good idea,, but let's just forget it, okay? (Corey leaves) He'll get over it. Nothing. It's just you'd usually be the one plotting revenge. Much. But I always suspected you had a hidden streak of responsibility somewhere. Maybe these bars are just starting to feel a little heavy, Ensign. Ensign Picard and Ensign Batanides. It sounds weird, doesn't it? It's too bad we can't get used to it together. The three of us, I mean. From one of your conquests, no doubt. I guess some things aren't going to change. (Marta leaves) At least he did finally give it up. Oh, you know Corey. He'll forget all about it by tomorrow. Well, I've just never seen you like this before. You're so serious. Maybe I'm just not used to seeing you in your officer's uniform. No, it's more than that. You do seem different. Well, I'm not complaining or anything. I think it suits you. Yes. It's very attractive. Johnny. Haven't you ever thought about us getting together? Why didn't you ever say so? You've said so now. (and they kiss) (next morning, uniforms are scattered on the floor, and a hand tickles Picard's ear) Johnny. Well, this is the morning after, huh? I don't know. We've been friends for a long time and, and now I'm afraid we've ruined that friendship. I wish I could. It would make it much easier to say goodbye tomorrow. We're all supposed to get together later for our last big night before we ship out. We've planned it. I'll be there. (Marta leaves, her breakfast on the table) Goodbye, Johnny. (Corey and Marta leave)
