(not human) And so now we commit her body to the ground, earth to earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust, in sure and certain hope that her memory will be kept alive within us all. How long do you plan on staying? Well, as you know, Caldos is one of the first terraforming projects of the Federation. Our weather controls and fusion systems are nearly a century old. I wouldn't mind having a starship Engineer take a look at them. Perhaps give us a few upgrades. Maybe in exchange for a tour of the colony and a home-cooked meal? Excellent. That was the intent. The cornerstone of every building in town was brought from Edinburgh, Glasgow, Aberdeen. The founders wanted everyone to feel they had a piece of the real thing here. They didn't want to just imitate Scotland, they wanted to recreate it. Something about the culture, the heritage. When I was a boy, my family visited Glamis Castle in Scotland. As I looked out across the highlands, I felt as if I had come home. [Howard home] (C19 romantic style with lots of wood and bunches of dried lavender. Beverly pokes at a fire in the hearth) We've been having a few tremors over the past couple of months. Could you check the seismic stabilisers? You can't imagine what it's like trying to enjoy afternoon tea while the earth is shaking. No. Our weather control's been working perfectly for the last twenty two years. Is this going to be a problem? A storm? It's the middle of summer. We don't have rain at this time of year. I certainly hope so. There's a caber toss scheduled for tomorrow afternoon. I'd hate to see it spoiled by an unexpected downpour. [Corridor] You know, Captain, I moved to this colony because it was a recreation of Scotland, but I must admit it's getting to be a little too realistic. (he sneezes) [Bridge] (there is low-lying mist on the deck) Another power fluctuation? I knew Ned Quint. He was an honest man. He mostly kept to himself. I don't know why he'd try something like that. Of course, Doctor. You're not going to run the tests yourself?
