Commander, on behalf of my government, I would like to take this opportunity to present my profound apologies regarding this unfortunate incident. I agree. We are prepared to insert a hostage rescue team into the Prytt capital city on three hours notice. I don't believe there is any diplomatic option, Commander. We have no formal relations with the Prytt. No ambassadors. There's simply no way to contact them. We have never had need of such a system. Allow me to be blunt. The Prytt are a fanatical, xenophobic people, with little regard for civilised discourse. Even if you do establish communications link with them, it will be a complete waste of time. Almost a century. We have had other less formal contacts with the Prytt. Contacts we cannot discuss. But I can assure you, they have changed very little. Of course, Commander. In the meantime, I will continue making preparations for a rescue attempt. I do have one request. We believe that the Prytt obtained their information about the transport of your captain and doctor through a breach in our communications network. If I could set up a base of operations here on the Enterprise, I'd feel much more secure. Thank you, Lieutenant. [Corridor] (Worf opens the doors of the chosen quarters for the Kes, and the Ambassador peers in cautiously) You first. [Kes quarters] (the ambassador's aide uses a tricorder device) Probably not. Simply securing the area. I'm sure you're right. (checks the scan results) Yes, this will do very nicely. There's no need. We'll take care of everything. Thank you, Lieutenant. [Cave] (a secret door opens, and Beverly and Picard come though) Is there a problem, Commander? I'm sorry. But perhaps this will brighten your spirits. We have freed your Captain and doctor. They were being held in prison just outside the Prytt capital. One of our operatives was able to arrange their escape. Well, they should be en route to the Kes border. Our operative provided them with a detailed map and instructions on where to go. At the moment, that information is confidential, but trust us, we do have a plan. I understand your concern, of course, but I would feel more comfortable discussing these operational details in a less public environment. I would prefer the quarters you provided me. They're safer. Just a few pieces of equipment necessary for security reasons. You understand? You must realise that everything I'm about to say cannot leave this room. For some time, we have had certain friends among the Prytt. Citizens who realise that the long struggle between our two peoples can only end when the Prytt government is made to see reason. That's a crude, but accurate term. These friends will be waiting for your Captain and Doctor when they reach the village of Ohn Kor near the Kes border. The map we provided your officers will take them to a tavern there. The danger is minimal. Our operatives control almost the whole village. Once contact has been made with Captain Picard and Doctor Crusher, our friends will escort them across the border into Kes. Commander, I assure you we know what we're doing. We've had a great deal of experience dealing with the Prytt. We'd hardly risk the safety of your people. After all, we still hope you will recommend our entrance into the Federation. [Planet surface] (Picard and Crusher walk out of a large cave entrance into a lightly wooded countryside and walk down a slope) Have a seat. Captain Picard and Doctor Crusher didn't show up at the designated rendezvous point. No. We have no idea what happened to them. We find it strange that your officers should follow the escape plan so precisely and then fail to make the crucial rendezvous with our operatives. Our sources would have informed us instantly if that had happened. Of course, if they weren't captured, if they simply made a different rendezvous, we might not ever know about it. Of course not. How could you know if your Captain and Doctor were meeting secretly with the Prytt? Meeting in order to set up a military alliance with the Federation. It was a clever scheme. First, you pretend to lose your officers during transport, then you ask us for help and get us to expose several of our undercover operatives in the process. But what you didn't expect was for us to get your people out of prison so quickly. They needed more time. They needed more time to plot the destruction of the Kes with their new Prytt friends. Indeed, why? Then I believe it's time for us to be leaving the Enterprise. Commander. Commander, you're working with the Prytt. Putting on this little show for my benefit does neither of us any good. Don't pretend the two of you are enemies. It's too late for charades. No more than I would sit with her. As if you don't already know. [Hillside] (they are running from two soldiers) That is an interesting but pointless lie. I'd rather discuss your own plans to use Federation aid to stage a takeover of Kolrod Island. You have no authority to make that decision. Despite whatever games you played with the Prytt when you arrived, we still plan to take our petition directly to the Federation Council. They'll listen
