I know all about you, Commander. Fine work you did with the Borg. We all owe you on that one. O'Brien? Miles O'Brien? How are you? I had no idea you were on the Enterprise. This was my Tactical Officer on the Rutledge. Best I ever had. O'Brien has the ability to size up a situation instantly, then come up with options to fit all contingencies. Remarkable. But you got that silver tongue by kissing the stone, right? Well, Commander, best I see your Captain straight away. We've got a lot to talk about. A pleasure, Captain. You must think I've gone mad. Picard, I have to tell you I was grateful when I realised it was you Starfleet sent after me. Somebody who knows what it's really like out here. Then listen to this. The Cardassians are arming again. That so-called science station? Military supply port. Information comes my way. I know what they're doing. I can smell it. There's no good reason for a science station in the Cuellar System, but it's a hell of a strategic site for a military transport station. A jumping-off point into three Federation sectors. They're running supply ships back and forth and nobody's going to tell me it's for scientific research. And wait six months while the bureaucrats sit around reading reports, trying to figure out what to do? They don't know what's going on out here. But you should, Picard. You know what it's like to be under fire. Lives were at stake. We had to act now. It smells musty in here. Like a bureaucrat's office. I have prevented war, or at the very least delayed it a good long time. The peace treaty was a ruse, to give them breathing room, time to regroup. I took the initiative. I did what had to be done. Not true. Not true. You're a fool, Picard. History will look at you and say this man was a fool. When it becomes clear what the Cardassians have done, I will be vindicated. Irrelevant? Come with me. Find one of their supply ships and we'll see how irrelevant it is. I will return to my ship. Yes, Captain. All right, Picard. You need proof? You've got it now. Board the ship, you'll see that everything I've been saying is true. Picard, if you don't board that ship, I'll destroy it. Not now! (O'Brien enters and Maxwell grabs a phaser) How the devil did you get over here? The way out of this is clear. Talk to Picard. Get him to board the damned ship. But he'd turn his weapons on a Federation Starship to protect the enemy? I don't believe it. What the hell has happened to this war? You're wrong. The Cardassians live to make war. We're not the same at all. We do not start wars. We do not make surprise attacks on manned outposts. We do not butcher women and children in their homes. Children who never got the chance to grow up. You were with me on Setlick. You saw what they did. What was the name of the fellow who always hung around you like a puppy? Stompie. As cool under fire as a mountain lake. He died at Setlick, didn't he? What was that song of his? The one he always sang, the one I liked? I'm not going to win this one, am I. Chief?
