I am not Mordoc. I am Mendon. Ensign Mendon from the planet Benzar. We are from the same geostructure. Naturally we look alike. We just do. I want to tell you how happy I am to be assigned to the Enterprise. It wasn't just luck. I requested it. I know I can be of great help to the ship. Yes, sir. That's a wonderful method of maintaining a constant control factor over defensive shields, but I'm sure there's a way to improve response time. Sorry. Didn't mean to interrupt you. Just thought I could be of some help. However, I am correct in what I said. (He moves on down to the helm and ops stations) That is superb designing. Absolutely first rate. The input sampling. It's simple yet efficient enough. Of course a minor change of the helm readout would be much more helpful in emergency situations. Not in a practical exercise, but in theory, my theory, it would be more than a marginal improvement. I'll have to mention this to the Captain. He is open to some astute observations, isn't he? Outstanding. Soon we'll get things running perfectly. [Ten Forward] (Riker has plates and bowls of alien protein on his table. You expect some of it to get up and walk away) Not very hospitable, are they? Didn't mean to offend you. Sir. I am Ensign Mendon. I just wanted to tell you how pleased I am to be aboard the Enterprise. If you have a few minutes, I've noted a few procedural items which might speed up operations on the Bridge. I pick things up very fast. I beg your pardon, Captain. I just wanted to impress upon you I've located it sir. The dorsal of the Engineering section. Captain. I noticed it when I did an intensive scan of the Pagh. The Klingon ship. No one. I have not yet completed my full analysis. But sir, as I said, I have not yet completed my full analysis. It would be improper to report it until then. It is a Benzite regulation. No officer on the deck of one of our ships would report an occurrence like this until he had a full analysis and a resolution. I have simply followed proper procedures. Yes, sir. Yes, Captain. That will take a couple of hours. It is confirmed that the organisms feed on some of the compounds that make up the hull of the Enterprise. They are much more susceptible. Their hull contains more of the compounds. Thank you, but I seem to have become efficient a little later than was needed. It was my responsibility to learn and adapt to the Enterprise's regulations, and I didn't do that. I failed, I had an opportunity to show the Captain my superior capabilities and I failed. I can never recover from that. I realise you're trying to be nice to me, and I appreciate it. What I don't understand is why. Thank you. I only hope I can learn your ways before I mess up again. I imagine my methods must seem foolish to you. You're right. I'll do it your way. I'll work even harder than I did before, and I'll succeed brilliantly. [Pagh Bridge] (The hole in the hull is a lot bigger) Sir, I have something to report to you immediately. I have managed to isolate the organisms on our hull. They are a sub-micron form capable of breaking nuclear bonds in the tritanium plating. Yes. They are controllable and can be removed from the hulls of both ships by using a tunnelling neutrino beam.
