Ah Captain Picard. I am Ki Mendrossen, the ambassador's chief of staff. This is Sakkath, his personal assistant. He will be joining us momentarily. But first we must discuss some matters of the utmost delicacy. To be frank, Captain, the ambassador is not a young man. He tires easily. Which is why it is imperative that he be allowed to conserve his strength. I must request that you dispense with any formal activities normally associated with a visitor of his rank. I'm afraid it would be impossible for him to attend. Upon his arrival he will be taken directly to his quarters where he will remain in seclusion until we reach Legara Four. That's all we ask. Well, now that's settled, the Ambassador is waiting. (Sarek and Perrin are beamed aboard) Ambassador, I'm sure Sakkath and I can handle all the necessary details. I'm sure everything will be set up according to our specifications before the Legarans arrive. Isn't that right, Captain? It seems that the Ambassador had more free time than I anticipated. That's impossible, Captain Picard. I cannot delay the conference. Not for a day, not for an hour. The schedule itself required three months of negotiations. I give you my word of honour that the Ambassador is in perfect health. Is that enough? You are dealing with a theory full of holes, Captain. Why am I not affected by Sarek's supposed condition? And Perrin. How could his wife function normally if this theory of yours is correct? You are accusing the greatest man of his time of losing his mind on the eve of his greatest triumph, and you cannot explain why. I won't report this to the Ambassador, for the moment. I don't want to divert his attention from the mission. But if I were you, in the interests of your career, I'd be very concerned about finding the real cause of these outbursts before the Legarans arrive. (Mendrossen leaves) Captain, may I talk with you in private? No, Ambassador, absolutely not. The effects of Bendii Syndrome are irreversible. Medical research is always continuing, of course.
