At twelve point four after launch, the warp field generator will be activated. Yes, Chancellor. If we're successful, the craft will leave our star system, and in a matter of minutes will be on its way to the Garth system. And then, Krola, we'll see what's there. We have the prototype design for the warp engine. It would simply be a matter of building the actual production units. If I get your approval today, ten months, maybe less. I agree. Yes. What are you? About what? Is this a joke? Did Lupo and the others from the lab put you up to this? I would like that. It's everything I've ever dreamed of. When I was a child, my parents would take me to the planetarium and we would sit in the dark and it was as if I was on a spaceship, on my way to another world to meet people on other planets. Part of me keeps waiting for the lights to come up and the programme to end. How did you know about me? I hate to think how you would judge us based on our popular music and entertainment. You've had people on our planet? You don't have to explain. I understand, although not everybody on my planet would. They would think you were trying to infiltrate our society. Of course. Where was Riker's last known location? We must find him before someone realises what he really is. If this gets out prematurely, it could seriously complicate matters. Our ideology is based on the assumption that the Malcorian is a supreme lifeform, and our world is the centre of the universe. Your arrival will change our entire understanding of life, and some will not want it to change. Durken. He will be open-minded, but cautious. I strongly suggest that you do not discuss your surveillance teams with him. At least not right away. Captain Picard, I must ask you to trust me on this. If you tell the Chancellor about Commander Riker, you will undermine everything that you hope to accomplish here. Durken will assign Krola, our Minister of Security, to find him. Krola has his own political agenda. He will perceive you as the greatest threat that our people have ever known. And he will not hesitate to use Riker to prove that he is correct. [Medical Facility Corridor] (Rumours are spreading) Chancellor, I think you might want to clear your afternoon schedule for this. (Picard walks forward, Durken's jaw drops) [Bridge] Chancellor. (a brief gaze at their planet on the viewscreen) He's an android, Chancellor. A constructed being. Chancellor, with your permission, I would like to beam to the surface. I have several matters to attend to. Of course. Has there still been no communication from Commander Riker, Data? They are not hostile. Open your eyes, Krola. We are part of a greater community. We cannot ignore it. Chancellor, he is Captain Picard's first officer, Commander Riker. He has been missing for two days. I told Captain Picard not to discuss this because I was afraid this is exactly what would happen. They have been on our planet, observing, for several years. They were collecting information. Krola, we can get help from his ship. With their medical technology, he might recover. It will probably be enough to kill him. You can't do it! Thank you for seeing me. I felt I was acting in the best interests of our people, Chancellor. Chancellor, we must release Riker to Picard Any hope for a relationship with these people depends on it. Riker Are you prepared for him to die, Chancellor? His injuries are extremely serious. A mob at the medical facility almost killed him. Krola has ordered drugs to be used to revive him for questioning, drugs that in his condition would be dangerous for him. Without medical aid from his ship, I believe that Riker will not survive the day. You must tell Picard where he is. [Riker's hospital room] Stun? Krola was trying to be a martyr? But Chancellor But when we encounter other beings in space, our people must be ready. Chancellor, I strongly disagree. I'm sorry to say he's probably right. Captain Picard, I have one last request. Take me with you. I have been prepared for the realities of space since I was nine years old, and sitting in a planetarium.
