I, I feel like a new man. That dark fellow there used the word arch, and then. I wonder? Arch. (The computer arch appears for him) What have we here? What are you? Not at this time. (The arch disappears) The best kind, I'm sure. But I need information. (Further along the street) The time for games is over. And, like the spider, I feel the strings vibrate whenever anyone new chances into my web. Welcome, my dear Holmes. But not Holmes. And Doctor Watson. But not Watson. She's here. She has provided many answers. Do you forget I have always been your equal, dear Holmes? I have read her expressions. What she has not said is as important as her words. I will, if necessary. But my mind is crowded with images. Thoughts I do not understand yet cannot purge. They plague me. You and your associate look and act so oddly, yet though I have never met nor seen the like of either of you I am familiar with you both. It's very confusing. I have felt new realities at the edge of my consciousness, readying to break through. Surely, Holmes, if that's who you truly are, you of all people can appreciate what I mean. I know there is a great power called Computer, wiser than the oracle at Delphi. A power which controls all of this, and to which we can speak. Arch. It has described a great monstrous shape on which I am like a fly stuck on a turtle's back adrift in a great emptiness. What is this, Holmes? (Data takes the piece of paper, and if he could turn white he would have. He goes to leave) Why does it frighten you, Holmes? [Street] I'm not sure. Now, dear lady, will that be one lump or two? (They are taking afternoon tea) Milk, of course? Mister Computer proposes the incredible thought that we are all travelling in a great vessel of some sort. Is that true? The scones are likewise a must. Strange. It actually pleases me to hear you say that. You're not frightened of me? You should be. Mister Computer, the arch, please. A few more questions, Mister Computer. (Moriarty taps at the control panel) I just can't seem to remember that last command. Ah, well, sooner or later it'll all come to me. But, in the meantime, I have decided to approach the problem from a more familiar perspective. There's really no reason why I shouldn't be able to use some of the knowledge from my world in order to bring me closer to yours. Of course you do, Madam. The more you proclaim your ignorance, the more you try to mislead me, the more I am on to you. Your every silence speaks volumes. Where? Back to here? (A diagram of the Enterprise on his blackboard) In time. In time I will leave all of this and join you out there. Or is this where we both are right now? Frankly, now I want nothing more than what the fisherman expects of the worm. You, dear Doctor, will be the lure, and this will be the hook for your Captain, Jean Luc Picard. How well you know. [Outside holodeck] (Worf enters from the turbolift, in a smart frock coat and grey gloves) Captain Picard. (Pulaski hurries to her feet and starts fastening her jacket) I'm a civilised abductor, Captain Picard. Civilised but still dangerous. (He pulls a signal lever on his steam engine, and the ship lurches) [Bridge] It's gone beyond that little game, Mister Data. And you'll note I no longer call you Holmes. Whatever I was when this began, I have grown. I am understanding more and more. And I am able to use the power at my fingertips. (big shake) I can affect this vessel, and I can inflict bodily harm on you, and on your Doctor. The same thing you want for yourself. To continue to exist. If I destroy these surroundings, this vessel, can you say it doesn't matter to you? Interesting pun, don't you agree, for matter is what I am not. The computer has taught me that I am made up only of energy. And if I step off this holodeck? A holographic image, I know. But are you sure? Does he have life? He's a machine. But is that all he is? Exactly. Is the definition of life cogito ergo sum? I think, therefore I am. It is the most important one, and for me the only one that matters. You or someone asked your computer to programme a nefarious fictional character from nineteenth century London and that is how I arrived. But I am no longer that creation. I am no longer that evil character, I have changed. I am alive, and I am aware of my own consciousness. I want my existence. I want it out there, just as you have yours. Then you must murder me, Captain. Because you do not know how to convert holodeck matter into a more permanent form. A pity. What I have seen, what I have learned, fascinates me. I do not want to die. Madam, I have enjoyed your company. Computer, arch. Cancel override protocol. Return control of the holodeck to main computer. My fate is in your hands, as perhaps it always was. How well I know. Then perhaps we'll meet again some day, Madam. But I'll still fill you with crumpets, Madam. I detest long goodbyes. You have the arch.
They're safe, for now. I'm afraid I can't do that. I only want what you have the luxury of taking for granted. Freedom. I want to leave this holodeck. Your crewmates here in my little ship in a bottle, seem a bit more optimistic. They attempted to use your transporter device to remove a simulated object from the holodeck. Their attempt was futile because their transporter was a facsimile. I expect more from you. I sense a distressing lack of enthusiasm on your parts. I have nothing to lose, Commander.
