Good, you're awake. Please, Counsellor, there is little time. The Commander will be calling for you at any moment. You are aboard the Imperial Romulan Warbird Khazara. I am Subcommander N'Vek. It was necessary. I could not be certain you would come voluntarily. There are drugs in your system, but they've nearly dissipated. The disorientation will soon pass. Listen to me carefully. You are no longer Deanna Troi. You are Major Rakal of the Tal Shiar, the Imperial Intelligence. Commander Toreth There is no time to explain everything. You must listen. Commander Toreth will want to know your mission. Tell her nothing. Simply instruct her to proceed to the Kaleb sector, heading one oh two mark four. Repeat it. Heading one oh two mark four. You are an officer of the Tal Shiar. She will obey you. But do not push her too far. Yes, Commander. Immediately. Please, we must hurry. You are a Starfleet officer disguised as a Romulan. Unless you trust me and do exactly as I have said, Toreth will discover you and you will be killed. Your only chance to get off this ship alive is to do as I say. You are an empath. You would know if I am lying. Am I? Then let us go see the Commander. [Warbird bridge] Commander, may I present Major Rakal of the Tal Shiar? This is Commander Toreth. The purpose of the Tal Shiar is to ensure loyalty. To defy them is to invite imprisonment or death. That is why I called you here. These are the cargo containers we brought on board earlier. Vice Proconsul M'ret of the Imperial Senate and his two top aides. His defection will be a profound blow to Romulus. M'ret had questioned the repressive activities of the government and was in danger of being imprisoned. He is willing to take this risk in order to protest Romulan policy and support the dissident movement. Yes. If we are able to deliver M'ret safely, Spock is hopeful that we can establish an escape route for the thousands of dissidents who live in fear of their lives. Now you realise why we are willing to go to such extraordinary lengths, even kidnapping you, to make sure we succeed. There was. She was killed so that you could take her place. Only a member of the Tal Shiar would have the authority to alter a ship's mission. Yes, for the first part of the plan. But if anything goes wrong we will need a Starfleet officer. There's no need to go into that unless it becomes necessary. For your own sake, Counsellor, the less you know about the specifics of this plan, the better. When we reach the Kaleb sector, we will rendezvous with a Corvallen freighter. You will take these containers into their ship and accompany them back to Starfleet Headquarters. No. They were hired simply to take you to Federation space. We are due in the ward room shortly. The senior officers always dine together. No, you will be expected to attend. I'll go ahead. Follow me after a few moments. Commander Toreth must not feel that anything is unusual. [Warbird ward room] Are you certain? I beg forgiveness, Commander, but Major Rakal ordered me to fire. Our plan has collapsed. There was no alternative. You told me they couldn't be trusted. If I let them live the whole mission would be in jeopardy. Don't lecture me, Counsellor. A number of people have died in order to carry out this mission. Believe me, those eighteen won't be the last. Fine. Agonise all you want, but don't let it get in the way of our plan. You remember I told you if anything went wrong, we would need a Starfleet officer. There is a Starfleet base on Draken Four. It is two days away at maximum warp. That's where we're going. Yes. It's your job to order Toreth to proceed into Federation territory. We will, if you provide the correct access codes. If you have another idea, I'll be happy to consider it. [Warbird ward room] It is not wise to challenge the Tal Shiar, Commander. That's impossible. Counsellor, this ship is travelling under cloak. All of our electromagnetic emissions are being monitored. Any attempt at communication whatsoever and we would be discovered instantly. It could not succeed. We must continue to Draken Four. That is the safest course. Track us? No. We want to get into Federation territory undetected. If there were, I wouldn't do it. Counsellor. There is one possibility. In order for a ship to remain undetectable while cloaked, the radiative emissions from the warp engines must be precisely balanced. The ship's Engineer is a sympathiser. He may be able to slightly misalign one of the nullifier cores. It would create a small magnetic disturbance in space whenever we were in motion. The effect would only be intermittently. They might not even detect it. Anything more would be immediately registered on the Bridge. Even this slight misalignment may be detected. Commander. The Enterprise may simply be engaged in search operations. Sir, disruptors are standing by. Ready to disengage cloak. All sections report ready for battle, Commander. Commander, please, step down. Their shields are dropping. Yes, Major. Firing. [Bridge] I am reading a malfunction in our forward disruptor array. The power system has destabilised.
