Then I hope it will reflect favourably in your report, Captain. It is indeed. We are not warriors. We believe reason can settle disputes. But not every culture agrees with our position. The development of the mind, the cultivation of the intellect, these are the pursuits to which the Angosians have dedicated themselves for centuries. Excuse me, gentlemen. (they move away) Yes, what is it? A prisoner has escaped from the penal colony on Lunar Five. Two guards are dead. The prisoner has taken a transport vessel. The tracking station was sabotaged. The entire base is in chaos. We have ordered ships from the surface to follow him, but to be honest, our civilian pilots are not trained for this. Yes. And extremely dangerous, Commander. Lunar Five is a maximum security facility. Captain, we've identified the prisoner. His name is Roga Danar. His criminal record is too long to go into, but I must caution you that he is given to bouts of uncontrollable violence. We'll need a few hours to get the containment field on Lunar Five operational before we pick him up. The damage he did during his escape was considerable. I appreciate your patience. The prison psychologist recommends that you keep Danar fully sedated until he's ready for transport. Do not relax your security for an instant, Captain. He is extremely violent and very cunning, as you already know. I will send a transport vessel to pick him up as soon as possible. Nayrok out. Captain, what this man has been telling you is full of half-truths. He's a prisoner. What do you expect him to say about us? The soldiers were resettled on Lunar Five. It was to be their colony. It was for their own protection as well as that of others. Most of them were quite happy there. We went to great lengths to give them a fine quality of life. Unfortunately, a few agitators like Danar forced us to add security. Captain, I assure you that every alternative has been explored. And this discussion is now treading upon matters of internal security, which is not your concern. I have dispatched a ship to rendezvous with you to transport the prisoner back to Lunar Five. On behalf of Angosia, I thank the Federation for its assistance in retrieving our citizen. (Transmission ends) Captain, I've just been informed that Roga Danar has attacked the penal colony on Lunar Five. In our own police shuttle. Several of my people have been wounded. Hundreds of prisoners are rioting. Some of them have escaped with Danar and at last report are headed to the capital city. Captain, we are not suited to handle situations like this. That's what we created them for. I don't expect them to listen to reason. I loathe the idea of a violent confrontation, but we must be prepared. (The away team beam in) This is all you've brought? Where are your security men? They have been seen moving toward the center of the city. People are scared. Don't you understand, Captain? They're dangerous. No one was pleased with the solution, but we had to act for the greater good. The chemicals can be removed from their systems, but we're not convinced that the psychological conditioning can ever be entirely reversed. We studied it thoroughly. Even before the training began, we knew there would be problems reversing it. It was a risk we had to take. We were helping them to survive the war, you understand? They needed these skills. There was a referendum. The people weighed the costs involved. They chose the resettlement solution. Do as he says. You are programmed to survive. You can survive at the Lunar Five settlement. I am not prepared to negotiate under threat, Danar, but if you will put down your weapons and return peaceably to Lunar Five, I would be willing. Captain, you must do something. Call your ship. Picard, you can't leave us like this.
