Thank you. You may leave, Commander Riker. I'll come right to the point, Captain. There is a situation that's developed on the Cardassian border that. (double-take) Are those Bularian canapés? That was very thoughtful, Captain. Thank you. Yes. The Federation has just completed a very long and drawn-out series of negotiations regarding the final status of our border with the Cardassians. These will be the official boundaries. (she hands over a PADD) You'll notice a demilitarised zone has also been created along the border. Neither side will be permitted to place military outposts, conduct fleet exercises, or station warships anywhere in the demilitarised area. This agreement is far from perfect. Neither side got everything they wanted, but every side got something. And as someone once said, diplomacy is the art of the possible. Those colonies finding themselves on the wrong side of the border will have to be moved. It won't be easy, but it's a reasonable price to pay for peace. Your mission will be to evacuate the colony on Dorvan Five. Yes. They've been there for about twenty years. They've established a village in a small valley on the southern continent. Is something wrong? I am aware of that, Captain. An Indian representative was included in the deliberations of the Federation Council. His objections were noted, discussed, but ultimately rejected. Captain, the Indians on Dorvan are a nomadic group that have settled there only twenty years ago, and at that time they were warned that the planet was hotly disputed by the Cardassians. The bottom line is they never should have gone there in the first place. I made that same argument with the Federation Council. But it took three years to negotiate this treaty. Some concessions had to be made, and this is one of them. Then your orders will be to remove them by whatever means are necessary. I understand your moral objections, Captain. If you wish, I can find someone else to command the Enterprise for this mission. I don't envy you this task, but I do believe it is for the greater good. And Captain, thank you for making me feel welcome. Then I see no other choice. Captain, I made that request two days ago. The answer was no. I'm sorry but you have your orders. Starfleet out.
