Thank you. That'll be all, Commander. (Riker leaves) Thank you, no, Captain. I'm afraid there's no time for the usual pleasantries. I'm here to relieve you of command of the Enterprise. (and on that bombshell we're straight into the opening titles) [Observation lounge] The Cardassian forces which were recently withdrawn from the Bajoran sector, have been redeployed along the Federation border. They have mobilised three divisions of ground troops and their subspace communications have been increased by fifty percent. We believe that they're preparing for an incursion into Federation space. I didn't say war, Commander, I said incursion. Our intelligence reports suggests that they'll try to seize one of the disputed systems along the border. We think they're gambling that the Federation won't actually go to war over one system. I hope we won't need to make that decision. We have decided to send the Enterprise to meet with the Cardassian representative and open talks. We're hoping that the presence of the Federation flagship on the border will send a message to their leadership about just how seriously we view the situation. The Captain, your Chief Medical Officer, and Security Chief have been reassigned. That's all I can tell you for now. Do any of you know Edward Jellico? I'm giving him command of the Enterprise this afternoon. Captain Jellico helped to negotiate the original armistice two years ago and I believe he's the most qualified person to lead this mission. The change of command will take place at thirteen hundred hours. Thank you. (everyone else leaves) I disagree. The Enterprise will be in a dangerous situation and I want someone on the Bridge who has a great deal of experience with the Cardassians. No offence, Commander, but that's not you. [Holodeck caves] (black-clad Worf and Beverly run along a tunnel then set a forcefield to protect their rear. A Cardassian soldier confronts them) Captain? Have you heard from our friends? Let me know if you do. I'd very much like to see them again.
No Bularian canapés this time, Captain? It's just as well. They're extremely fattening. Evek manages to make the Cardassians sound like helpless sheep being preyed on by Federation wolves. The truth is, we caught the Cardassian government supplying its colonies in the Demilitarised Zone with weapons. Ha. How comforting. Believe me, Captain, if I were living that close to the Cardassians, I'd keep a phaser under my pillow too. But in the last weeks we've seen signs that the Maquis are moving beyond self-defence. Their ranks are growing. They're acquiring ships, weapons. They seem to be preparing for a more aggressive military posture. We've got to put a stop to them before the entire Demilitarised Zone ignites. But before we stop them, we have to find them. They seem to be scattered in small cells around the Zone. And we don't have reliable intelligence about any of them. Our thinking exactly. We intend to infiltrate their organisation, and the person we want to do it is aboard your ship right now. [Ro's quarters]
There will be fifteen starships in this sector by the day after tomorrow. The Gorkon will be my flagship. You'll take command of task force three, consisting of the Enterprise, the Crazy Horse and the Agamemnon. Captain, I've read the report that you submitted to Admiral Brooks last year regarding the Borg you called Hugh, and I've been trying to figure out why you let him go. As I understand, it you found a single Borg at a crash site, brought it aboard the Enterprise, studied it, analysed it, and eventually found a way to send it back to the Borg with a programme that would have destroyed the entire collective once and for all. But instead, you nursed the Borg back to health, treated it like a guest, gave it a name, and then sent it home. Why? Of course you had a choice. You could've taken the opportunity to rid the Federation of a mortal enemy, one that has killed tens of thousands of innocent people, and which may kill even more. Your priority is to safeguard the lives of Federation citizens, not to wrestle with your conscience. Now I want to make it clear that if you have a similar opportunity in the future, an opportunity to destroy the Borg, you are under orders to take advantage of it. Is that understood?
