In or out, just close that door. And don't move. It'll take a second for our eyes to re-adjust. Okay, levate to three point two, Marquez. Good. Good we can do this. No, no, no, we're losing vertical alignment. Compensate. Compensate! Gently. Gently, Marquez, don't bump it. No. No wait. Hit the. Oh, forget it. Forget it. Lights. Whoever you are, you just ruined four hours of work. It's three o'clock in the morning. Captain Picard. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. It's just we weren't expecting anybody to be up at this hour. That's why I put in for this assignment, sir. Earl Grey? No wonder you can't sleep. Computer, bring replicators back online and give me a cup of Daren herbal tea blend number three, hot. You shouldn't be drinking a stimulant at this time of night. I think you'll like this. (Picard tries it and pulls a face, but anyone who can drink hot Bergamot shouldn't criticise other blends) I've programmed seven other blends into the replicator. You're bound to like one of them. I'm sorry if the system blackouts we requested inconvenienced you. We're taking very precise gravimetric readings. It wouldn't have taken much to throw them off. I'm trying to construct a mathematical model of an emerging star system. If it works, we'll be able to predict the configuration of a star system that won't be formed for another two million years. I have a few things to do between now and then. [Bridge] Well done, Mister Data. Well done. Thank you. I guess that means they enjoyed themselves. Practising was never my problem. In fact, my parents had to make me go out and play. You're a musician. What's your instrument? We should play some time. Well, Captain, now that I'm on your ship, maybe you should start expecting the unexpected. [Bridge] (at the nebula) Excuse me, sir. I was hoping that my people in Spectral Analysis could have another few hours on the main sensor array? If we go offline now, we'll lose the gas flow pattern we've been tracking. We're at a critical juncture, sir. Tomorrow? Tomorrow. Thank you, sir. [Picard's quarters] (Picard is listening to the 3rd Brandenburg with an unfamiliar instrument in it, when the doorbell chimes) I hope you don't mind me dropping by like this? What kind of flute is that? I've never saw one before. Have you been playing long? I'd love to hear you play sometime. That doesn't matter as long as you enjoy it. May I try? Please. (Picard plays one of his plaintive melodies) You're better than you think. Really. We should play together. Ah, but there is. (she unrolls a keyboard on the coffee table) I picked it up on Mataline Two. It's amazing. (a quick grand piano arpeggio) You start and I'll jump in. What were you working on before I came in? Perfect. Go ahead. (Picard starts, but gets lost when she joins in) It's all right. You're not used to playing with anyone, are you? I may not be as precise as a computer, but I think you'll enjoy it more. Why don't we start with something a little simpler. How about? (she plays Frere Jacque and they do the roundel) Good. Very good. Now let's have a little fun with it. (she plays it with minor variations, and Picard's eyes pop) You try it. Improvise around the melody. Anything you want. (he does) That's wonderful. Keep going. It's so good. (they play it though) You're definitely better than you think. [Bridge] I've been playing the piano a lot. I guess the Captain and I overdid it a little last night. Yes, he plays a kind of flute. A Ressikan, I think he said. He never did before. He seemed to enjoy it. He's actually quite promising. Tell me, have you known him long? He seems somewhat isolated. That feels much better. Thank you. I was afraid I might have to cancel. Keep climbing. We're almost there. Do you know where we are? No, this is the most acoustically perfect spot on the ship. (she starts up the Moonlight Sonata on her keyboard) The intersection acts as a resonance chamber. A little exploring. Well, not every one. Try it. See how it sounds. (he plays what seems like a variation of the Skye Boat song) That's beautiful. What is it? I've never heard you play with such feeling. (she plays the tune and he joins in) [Engineering] (Geordi can hear the music, and goes into the main Jefferies tube access to investigate) I'd heard about Kerelian tenors all my life, but nothing could've prepared me for this man's voice. Soaring, incredible range. Wonderful. I should be finished with my survey by eleven hundred hours. Come in. Can I help you, sir? I understand. I'm glad you told me. For a minute there I thought I'd misread you. One kiss and you're off to find somebody else. Yes. Never heard of it. I don't understand. Why are you telling me this? Thank you. (another kiss, and they lean out of camera) [Corridor] Commander. I was hoping to talk to you about Ensign Cabot's transfer. But he wants to come to my department. I offered it to him. I'm sorry. We were just talking and Commander, please, don't make that decision final. I realise I shouldn't have made the offer, but he's perfect for the job. And quantum mechanics is over staffed anyway. Well, I think I'm just doing what any good department head would do. Trying to build the best staff I can. I can't believe I'm going to get the chance to study the fire storms on Bersallis. Apparently they're generated by particle emissions from the Bersallin sun. They cause a cascade effect in the planet's atmosphere that. Oh, I'm boring you. About the personnel transfer? I thought he looked uncomfortable. He thought I was asking for special treatment. (Picard nods) I was just doing what I thought was best for my department. I don't like the thought of having to second-guess people all the time. If I have to worry about what people are thinking about me, I'll be concentrating on the wrong thing, and I won't be as effective an officer. Noted, sir. What about that special dessert you promised me? They form when solar flare radiation reacts with high energy plasma present in the planet's atmosphere. I led a team of geologists to study the plasma geyser on Melnos Four. We cross-connected a few thermal deflector units to create a protective shield against the heat. Would something like that work here? I assume Commander Riker chose me because I'm the best person for the job. Didn't we agree not to let our relationship get in the way of our work? I'll be all right. [Corridor] Daren here. Go ahead, Commander. I'm here with team six. We're just about to bring the deflectors online. Daren to perimeter team. Stand by to cross connect deflectors. Activate. Team three, increase your output by point two percent. Good. Good. Deng, decrease nutation by point four percent. Good, we've almost got it. [Bridge] Daren to Commander Riker. We've got a problem. We're having trouble keeping the deflectors cross connected. So the only way this is going to work is if we calibrate them manually. I don't know, sir. For a few minutes maybe. Daren to perimeter teams. The storm's interference is going to make our job harder than we thought. We may lose communication, so it's up to each of you to keep your units operational. A lot of people are depending on us. Daren out. (she peeks up over the ridge) Oh, my god. [Bridge] (to Deng) That's it. Thank you. (and she leaves without a word to Picard) Captain's log, stardate 46697.2. Although we succeeded in rescuing all six hundred forty three Bersallin colonists we lost eight crewmembers. Let the record show that they gave their lives in the performance of their duty. [Picard's quarters] When communications went out, I knew we had to fend for ourselves. We modified our phasers to create resonant disruptions in the deflector field. The disruptions formed small pockets inside the plane of the field and we each stood inside one to wait out the storm. Richardson didn't make it. All Deng and I could do was stand there and watch. Don't. Don't say you're sorry. At first, when you told us to hold our positions, I didn't question it. Of course we would. That was our job. But when I saw that storm coming toward us. A small part, maybe. But in the end, I was more afraid that you would blame yourself if I died. Would you have? If I stayed here, you might have to. And you could resign yours and come to a starbase with me. I'll apply for a transfer. Of course. (a kiss) Promise me something? Don't give up your music. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
