(a thick-set man) I would know that voice anywhere. Worf, is it really you? It's good to see you. You've changed a lot in four years. Yes. Oh, Worf. This is my brother, Worf. He's come to help us. [Cavern] (main living area with campfire and water supply) They were dying. I refused to sit there safe in that observation post and watch it happen. I set up a deflector shield to screen these caves from the radiation and then I brought them here. They think I'm a Boraalan. I told them I was from another village far from here. When I sent the distress call I knew the Enterprise was in this sector, but I wasn't sure you'd be the one to come. I'm so glad that you're here, Worf. I want to discuss that with your Captain. Friends, my brother and I must go back to the surface. He has provisions and will need help bringing them here. We'll return shortly. Don't worry. Worf is a seer. He understands the nature of the storms. He'll know when it's safe to travel. No, Vorin. Worf and I will be safe. We'll return shortly. [Observation lounge] (Worf and Nikolai are back to their normal appearances) I was trying to give them a future. What I propose is we create an atmospheric shield on the planet. We can camouflage the equipment just as was done with my observation post. No one will ever know it's there. Indeed I am. I realise it will only provide atmosphere for a limited area on the surface, but it will be enough to save one village. Captain, the Boraalans have a rich and beautiful culture, a deep spiritual life. They deserve the chance to survive. And isn't that what the Prime Directive was truly intended to do, to allow cultures to survive and grow naturally? Exactly. We have the power to save some of them. All we have to do is exercise it. Some of my log recorders are still in my observation post. They contain most of my research. Since it appears that the only way I'm going to preserve Boraalan culture is in a museum, I request permission to return to the surface and retrieve them. I'll do it myself. [Bridge] Captain, I've completed my data uplink. With your permission, I would like to integrate my research logs with the ship's library computer. I find no honour in this whatsoever, Captain. You will forgive me if I don't stay. (the atmosphere disappears) Worf Come in. [Holodeck Cavern] I have to show you something. Whatever you do, stay quiet. (Nikolai taps on a PADD and a 'window opens in the holodeck rock face) Look. (it's the cavern on the planet) I've done what you refused to do. I've saved them. [Corridor] I started thinking about this days ago when it became clear the planet was doomed. I knew if I could get access to your ship's computer, I could generate a replica of the caves. The hard part was transporting the Boraalans into the holodeck without anybody on the Enterprise noticing. But I was able to blank out the sensors and make it look like interference from the plasmonic bursts. And it worked, perfectly. The Boraalans were transported while they were sleeping. They never knew anything had happened. [Turbolift] It's a simple plan, really. That's the beauty of it. Worf, trust me. This is going to work. I wasn't going to let those people die just because your Captain started quoting Federation dogma to me. Duty. That's all that really matters to you, isn't it? Well, I refuse to be bound by an abstraction. The lives of the people of Boraal are far more important to me. You worry too much, Worf. You always did. Everything will work out. I know that, Captain, and I would do it all again. I didn't beam them up without a plan. I've given this a lot of thought. I think we can find a new planet, an M class world, that can be their new home. That's where the holodeck comes in. I'll go back and tell the Boraalans we're going on a journey, to a different place where they'll be safe from the storms. The holodeck can gradually change the terrain as we travel, so that at the end, the holodeck simulation will match the conditions on the new planet. Then we'll simply beam them down. Captain, I can't prepare for every contingency, but I assure you I'm accustomed to thinking on my feet. I'll deal with the situation as it evolves. Thank you, Captain. [Stellar cartography] And as a result, the holodeck imaging processor has been severely destabilised. We'll just have to hope the simulation holds long enough. Captain, I'll return to the holodeck as soon as my surgical alterations are completed and I'll prepare the Boraalans for their journey. My friends, we have returned. We have food. This is difficult to say, but you have a right to hear it. By the time Worf and I had reached the surface, the village was gone. The storms have destroyed everything. There is nothing for us to return to. That's why we must leave. There is a place far from here where there are no storms. It will be a difficult journey, but in the end we will have a new home. My brother is a seer. If he says we'll be safe, you must trust that we will be safe. (a scream) You see? Our journey is already blessed. The road ahead is long. Let us have a meal together, then we'll make preparations to leave. (the people disperse) Worf, very good work. Apparently we don't make such a bad team after all. Worf, don't we both share the same goal? Aren't we both trying to make this plan work? I'm not ashamed of what I did. I'm not sorry I saved their lives. I'm not here to work out the issues of our childhood. I'm here to save a people who I care about. And if that upsets you, then so be it. [Stellar cartography] Dobara, you go on ahead. It'll be dark soon, in a few hours. Would you ask Mister La Forge to create a suitable campsite for us a few kilometres from here? What's wrong? How did he get out? What will they do with him? Wait. Are you saying that if Vorin wants to come back in here, they'll let him? But if he comes back here and tells the others what he has seen on the Enterprise, everything we have done will be for nothing. If you mean by that that I'm willing to do something while others hesitate, that's true. Oh, if only I could have been like you. Worf, the perfect son. Of course not. You were too busy doing your duty. I don't owe you an explanation. This is a matter between Dobara and me. And as usual, you are here to point out the error of my ways. I have not! I love her and we're going to raise our child together. You will have to kill me first. (as they square up, everything flickers) The storms have returned. No, you won't. Worf has the power to end the storms once and for all. Worf will protect you. You must trust him. Hurry, hurry. Get to your tents now. Get in! Get in! The storm is getting worse! Stay inside. Worf and I will take care of you. (once everyone is out of sight) As I said he would, my brother Worf has saved us all. Captain's log, stardate 47427.2. The Boraalans have safely reached the site of what will eventually become their new village. None of them suspects they ever left their planet. However, our success has come at a high price. [Vorin's quarters] (Beverly covers Vorin's face) Go inside. Please. (she does) I told you, you would have to kill me to get me away from here. Things were never easy between us, were they? It's my fault. If I'd been more like you, we wouldn't have had so many problems. And I intend to share that life with them. The village will need a new chronicle. Someone will have to begin it. My child will need a father. My place is here. I'm finally taking responsibility. I learn quickly. It's yours. They won't understand.
