(a woman) Liko, all this talk of supernatural beings. No one has believed that for countless generations. Just as we no longer believe the stars control our fates, or the spirits of the dead haunt the living. Please do. We welcome outsiders. I am Nuria. Remarkable. You were speaking the truth. This Palmer is one of the Overseer's servants? I disagree. All the evidence indicates that the Overseer exists. Favours? It's agreed. We will save Palmer for the Picard. Fento, stay and bind Palmer. (The active villagers leave, following Troi) [Outside the hall] Oji? Hali. Yuri, don't let her escape. (Riker rounds a rock outcrop out of line of Hali's bow, and hides) He is all right. Hali, find Riker and Palmer. Liko, we'll get Palmer back. Riker was carrying him. They can't have gone far. We will keep Troi captive. You would have us harm her? I am unwilling to hurt her needlessly. We will wait for Hali to return. Then we may have to do as Liko suggests. [Observation lounge] Who? You do not wish it? Not like me. But you are the Picard! What a wondrous place. Even the walls obey your command. That is my home? Yet we do not fall. I never imagined I would see the clouds from the other side. Your powers are truly boundless. No. We have found remnants of tools in caves. Our ancestors must have lived there. Huts are better. Caves are dark and wet. The most reasonable explanation would be that at one time we didn't know how to make huts. That would be reasonable. I don't know. Only because I have a bow. I suppose she might think so. I think she would fear me. I do not fear you any longer. Perhaps one day, my people will travel above the skies. Picard, you have shown me wonders I could never have imagined, and I am grateful beyond words. Might I request something for my people? You have shown me such generosity. I wish my people could share in it. Six Mintakans died in a flood last winter. Four of them children. Would you bring them back to life? Why? You restored Liko's life. Did the six who died offend you in some way? Did I offended you? Should I have ordered the death of Troi? Please, you must tell me if there's anything I can do to change your mind. Picard, you could not save her? You do have limits. You are not masters of life and death. You are a remarkable people, but you are not superior beings. My people must be made to understand that. [Assembly hall] Picard speaks the truth. I have visited his people. I have seen how they live and how they die. When death takes one of their loved ones, they are as helpless as we are. Liko, you were not dead. Picard's people have a knowledge that we lack. They are able to heal wounds that we cannot. Liko! Liko, don't do it! What is that? Picard, why should a people so advanced want to learn about us? So we will. You have taught us there is nothing beyond our reach. Pahkee. (A little boy gives Picard a woven belt or some such memento) I wish you good journeys, Picard. Remember my people.
