I was kayaking in the holodeck again. Yeah. Hey, Doc! I'm dying here. The pain's gone.
Finally I think I've found it. You see, this piece of conduit carrying the power to transporter seven, and I know that can't be right, so I take a closer look and sure enough I have to (Geordi shoots him) It's all right. It's nothing, just a little cold. It's nothing serious. I'll just go to my quarters and change. Don't think twice about it, Commander. [Engineering] (Data and Geordi are doing test firings of the phaser rifle) I've run a level one diagnostic. As far as I can tell, the unit hasn't been tampered with. You're talking about thirty or forty chips in half a dozen different control systems. I was with Keiko, in the Arboretum. My technicians have examined all of the ship's transporters, sir. I can assure you, this is the only unit that has been tampered with. [Shuttlebay] Commander La Forge? Could you take a look at the pattern buffers? Considering what's happened, I'm not sure the control systems are reliable. Right, Commander.
That was wonderful. Come on, it wasn't half a metre. And a very good job she does of it, too. Aye, sir. [Shuttle] (shuttlepod systems screen 0451 shows a green meany ahead)
Probe aboard, Captain. [Bridge] All set. Yes, Lieutenant. (O'Brien leaves)
Is that why you're late? Was Tom Corbin there? Tom Corbin from the science lab. Remember him? You use any excuse you can to pay him a visit. I think you know exactly what I'm saying. Do you take me for a fool? [Ten Forward] No, I'm drinking too much coffee. Why's that? She has work to do. She heads up the plant biology lab, you know. Like what? Ghost stories. I'm surprised at you, Gillespie. A Starfleet officer. I have more things to worry about than shades and spirits. [Ready room] (doorbell) Sit down, Gillespie. You're not helping matters any.
Cargo deck five, we will commence transportation [Cargo deck five]
This is Shuttlebay two. The other Picard and the shuttle are gone. They just vanished. [Bridge]
Give me a moment, gents. We're dealing with an extremely narrow access point. I believe we've got it now. You have a green light, Commander.
Excuse me, we were sitting here. Come on, fella. This is our table. Didn't your mother teach you manners? (They square up to each other) There seems to be a question of who's table this is. I suppose you're right. Aye, sir.
The transporter's detected unidentified microbes in Commander Riker's body. [Steamy mangrove swamp] But Doctor Pulaski has been notified. [Steamy mangrove swamp] Here's the biofilter's analysis of the microbes. I can override and beam Commander Riker aboard . I hope these are the right coordinates. Just kidding, Doctor. I know how much you love the transporter. Ready? [Steamy mangrove swamp] Acknowledged. [Sickbay]
I'll get right to it, sir. [Engineering] He discovered the site to site lockout. I wouldn't be surprised if he [Engineering] Tried to make it to a transporter room now. I wouldn't advise that, sir. The phase coils don't take well to ricochets. He's reactivating the site to site transport interlocks. Whenever you say, sir.
Right, sir. I'll just standing over here, dozing off. I just woke up, sir. No problem, sir. I'll have him out of there as smooth as ice. [Sarjenka's house] (Constructed mainly of hexagons. There is a toy doll on a bed of pillows. He finds the radio. The door is a forcefield or hologram. Data touches it, it vanishes to reveal a red and sullen outside, lit by erupting volcanoes. The ground shakes so he goes back inside and closes the door. After a moment, a little girl runs in and goes straight over to the radio. She has orange skin and hair, and all her fingers are the same length) There's going to be hell to pay. On the Bridge. Where are you going? And you're going to take that?
We're holding the contents in stasis pending arrival of security. An illicit weapon has been detected in the transport beam, sir. [Bridge] It's been rendered inoperable. More security, transporter room four. More security! More security! (O'Brien tries to help out by getting the prisoner in a head lock, but he is easily thrown off. The two guards grab the man and they tumble out into) [Corridor] (Where one is thrown off down a side passage and the other nearly has his arm pulled out. O'Brien shoots the prisoner in the back with a phaser, but again, it has little effect. O'Brien gets a return shot for his trouble. The turbolift doors open, and Worf pushes Riker out of the line of fire just in time. They rush to help the guard who had been thrown down the passage and finally Worf pins down their quarry) Commander. [Bridge] Transporter room one to Lieutenant Worf. We're ready, sir. [Brig] I'm losing him. [Brig] (Both arms are out) What the hell? (The brig is empty. Roga Danar has gone) [Bridge]
Welcome back, Wesley. Thanks you. Wait till you see her. She's the spitting image of her dad. The senior staff is in a meeting. You're supposed to go to your mother's quarters. I'll check. Chief O'Brien to Bridge. Wesley Crusher has arrived and wants to know if he can stop by the Observation lounge to say hi. Have you tried this?
Hold it, that's my chair. My luck is always lousy unless I start on the dealer's right. Bitter experience has taught me it's a fundamental truth. Time to pluck a pigeon. (Kate starts the betting) See that. Same. Too rich for me. (Final card)
Sir, let me beam down with a pattern enhancer. I can boost the confinement beam. One person might be able to make it. I think I can make it. Aye, sir. [Moon surface] Nice spot for a picnic, sir. We need to distribute these enhancer rods at seven metre lengths. That should do it. I'd really like to get us out of here before it hits, Commander. I'm supposed to be feeding the baby lunch. Molly gets in a terribly foul mood if I'm late. Thank you, sir. This way! Deck thirty six. Engineering. [Bridge] We're on deck ten. I know how to override the bridge command. [Bridge] The computer will not allow us to override an emergency forcefield command. On the floor! (Worf and his team burst in through the opposite door) You were correct. They're attempting to engage their transporters. But I know how to shut them down. Their communicators. Now they will learn nothing but what we tell them. [Bridge] And what would you tell him to do? I know you. I know who you are. And I know who this is. No. Make it stop. You two, sit down. I gave you that. In a place called McKinley Park. Green grass. Tall trees. I hid the bracelet in your pocket. You were surprised. You said, Miles, you make me feel so happy. (He leans in to kiss her) You. (Another woman takes Molly) Come on. Come on, come on. They're lying. No. I'd have to use a transporter pad. They could use the transporter against us. Once the forcefield is down, they could beam us back to the surface. But there is a way to neutralise that threat. Bridge, transfer all transporter functions to Ten Forward. That's not true. Transporter controls are being transferred. Ten Forward to Bridge. I said all transporter controls. Including those aboard all your shuttlecraft. [Bridge] Once we create our own access code, we can prevent anyone using the transporter against us. We can go to the cargo bay. I will require assistance. I've initialised the transporter signal. We are still in control of these three bodies. We will not let them go. Hungry. How do you feel? If I could've killed that thing inside me, I would have.
I'm sorry, Commander. There's just no way to lock in on anything down there. The electrical storm's creating thousands of ghosts.
I'm reading a weapon in transit with Commander Data. It seems to have discharged, sir. I'm deactivating it.
Sure. I'll have them kept out of the way here.
Aye, sir. No problems at all. Anywhere you say, Commander. Aye, sir. I've lost the lock on them. [USS Yamato corridor] I have re-established contact with the away team. [Bridge] I've got you. We're bringing you home. [Bridge]
(as a security guard) Stop! Return to your quarters. Please, return to your quarters, delegates! [Riker's quarters] (A model of NCC1701 shuttlecraft is in the corner)
The surface environment is safe for transport, Commander. [Planet surface] Coordinates verified, sir. [Planet surface] Sir, Commander Shelby and Data beamed down to the planet surface an hour ago. On hers, sir. [Planet surface] We've matched warp velocity for transport, Commander.
I'll have to send you over one at a time, Commander, because of band width limitations, and the transport cycle will take a little longer. Four, five seconds. About twice the normal time. I'm afraid you're in for a bumpy ride, Commander. There may be a small amount of static charge accumulation. You'll feel a bit of tingling. It's nothing to worry about. Engaging system interlock. Pattern buffers synchronised. Phase transition coils at stand by. Energising. He's there. Engaging interlock. Buffers synched. Energising. Engaging interlock. Buffers synched. Oh, wait a minute. I'm reading an ionic fluctuation in the matter stream. Oh, no problem. Okay. Energising. Engaging interlock. Buffers in synch. Phase coils You're sure about this, sir? It'll only take a minute. It should be a smooth ride over. I know how you feel about this, sir. No. Arachnids. Sickening, crawly little things, don't you think? All those legs. A few years back, I was called in to re-route an emitter array at a Starbase on Zayra Four. Turns out the entire system was infested with Talarian hook spiders. You ever seen a Talarian hook spider? Their legs are half a metre long. Well, I had a choice. Do I walk away and let the emitter blow itself to hell, or do I crawl in the Jeffries tube with twenty hook spiders? It was the hardest thing I ever did, but I got through it. After that, I was never quite as afraid of spiders. Energising. [USS Yosemite Bridge] Stand by, Commander. [USS Yosemite] (Geordi is beamed away) You see, sir? That wasn't so bad, was it. [Engineering] The confinement beam subsystems check out. So do the phase transition coils. Emitter pads, targeting scanners, they're all working fine. This system's clean. So is the science vessel's. I'll run a scan on the Heisenberg compensators. It's no problem. Why don't you give me a hand? Sir? With all due respect, sir, I've been doing this for twenty two years and I haven't lost anybody yet. That's why each pad has four redundant scanners. If any one scanner fails, the other three take over. Transporter Psychosis? There hasn't been a case of that in over fifty years. Not since they perfected the multiplex pattern buffers. Sir, begging your pardon, but couldn't this wait til the morning? They're just ionic fluctuations, sir. A result of our interlock with the Yosemite's transporter system. It's nothing to worry about, sir. I guess so. But if you don't mind my asking, sir, what for? We can do that from right here. Aye, sir. If you don't mind my making an observation, sir, you forgot to bring a tricorder. Yes sir, I can. Stand by, sir. (as Barclay is beamed back and forth, that maggot thing is in the sparkles) After fifteen seconds or so in the beam, you may start to feel light-headed. Try to stay calm. Oh, and it's important not to move around too much. Initialising the back-up pattern buffer. Holding at stand by. Molecular resolution at sixty percent. Engaging static mode. His pattern is locked and holding. Signal's holding. I'll try increasing molecular dispersion. Don't worry. I can hold him together. (the huge 'microbe' is eye to eye with Barclay) Commander, the signal resolution's down to fifty percent. We need to bring him back. Aye, sir. Programming biofilter. I'm reading a ninety two percent increase in mass! I'm setting up a force field round the chamber. (Barclay is materialised with his back to them, holding another person. They both fall to the floor) Lieutenant. I'm glad you could make it. You know, I think this is the first time we've ever spoken outside of the Transporter room. Why? I thought you might like to meet Christina. Christina, Lieutenant Barclay. Lycosa tarantula. Don't worry, she won't bite. (Christina starts to stroll across the table) I found her on Titus Four. Almost stepped on her by accident. Oh, I'll get us a couple of drinks, okay? Keep an eye on her, will you?
(at tactical) The Endeavour has cleared the dock, Captain. All ships standing by. Aye, sir. We're crossing into Klingon territory, Captain. Aye, sir. No uncloaked ships within sensor range. A few subspace anomalies, but nothing firm. Could be, sir. Captain, I'm picking up something directly ahead. Romulan ship decloaking. Shall I raise shields? They're hailing us, sir. Sir, the detection net is picking up activity from the Romulans. Fifteen cloaked ships spreading out along the border. Aye, sir. [Romulan command centre] There's a disruption in the tachyon detectors! It's localised to this segment of the net. Aye, sir. [Sutherland Bridge] Captain, the Sutherland isn't heading for the rendezvous point. She's come to a full stop.
If it's a boy, Michael, after my father. We talked about this last night. I have to go. I've got a transporter simulation on the bridge. Bye-bye, Michael. [Cargo bay] I'm not sure who to feel sorry for, the Captain or the kids. [Turbolift] We've lost primary life support. Switching to secondary systems. Impulse and warp engines are offline. Counsellor? The computer's down. It looks like we still have impulse power but not much else. This is the Federation Starship Enterprise calling any vessel within range. We are in distress and need assistance. Please respond. I'm still not sure we're even transmitting. I'll set the message on auto repeat and see if we get a response. (a turbolift door is forced open, and Ro Laren hauls herself out of the stuck car) Are you all right? We were hit by a quantum filament. Most of our systems are down and we haven't been able to contact anyone off the bridge. Confinement mode. If the computer senses a hull breach, it automatically closes emergency bulkheads to isolate the breach. Until we can clear those bulkheads, we'll be cut off from the rest of the ship. What about Ten Forward? My wife's there. Can you sense anything, Counsellor? Lieutenant Monroe was in command, but she's dead. I believe Counsellor Troi is the senior officer on the deck. She carries the rank of Lieutenant Commander. I recommend we initiate emergency procedure alpha two. Bypass computer control and place all systems on manual override. Aye, aye, sir. There. Just before the second time we were hit. See the subspace distortion? It can be hundreds of metres long, but it has almost no mass, which makes it very difficult to detect. No. that's a completely different phenomenon. (another station comes online) How did you do that? You what? But that's a completely improper procedure. You can't just dump that much raw energy into a bridge terminal without blowing Switch to primary bypass. When the filament hit us, the ship was momentarily charged, as if it had come into contact with a live electrical wire. If it falls to fifteen percent the field will collapse and we'll have a containment breach. If the containment field strength continues to drop at its present rate, we still have at least two hours before it becomes critical. Excuse me, sir, but that's damn cold blooded. What about the people down there? No evidence they're dead, either. If you were trapped down there, would you like us to just cut you loose and leave? Yes, but my readings indicate there's no power down there. They don't even have monitors to tell them there's a problem. Yes, sir. Aye, sir. We're in no danger until it drops below fifteen percent. We can afford to wait and see if anyone in Engineering notices those monitors. Ensign there's a thermal inversion in the power coupling! Sir, the field strength is stabilising. Eighteen percent, twenty, twenty five.
Sir, Starfleet has just issued an alert. It appears a number of vessels are moving toward the Neutral Zone between Romulan and Federation space. Freighters, transports, all civilians. None of them Starfleet ships. Starfleet's cancelling our mission to Farpoint Station and ordering us to the Neutral Zone as soon as we leave the Spacedock. That's right, sir. You have to realise sir, this isn't exactly my area of expertise. The Chief Engineer should be making these modifications. How did you know that, sir? Yes, sir. I'll get right to these modifications. Fletcher, tell Munoz and Lee to get up here right away. We have to realign the entire power grid. We'll all be burning the midnight oil on this one. Excuse me? That was just an expression. A figure of speech. I was trying to tell him that we'd be working late. That's right. I don't know, sir. We're nearing the coordinates you gave me, sir. Who, sir? Engage to where, sir? Aye, sir. Approximately four hundred million kilometres in diameter, sir. I've tried everything I know. There's just too much interference. There's nothing on board that'll do the job. but e haven't finished the scan, sir. Why would it be, sir? [Future - Bridge] Take the ship in where, sir? Course laid in, sir. We're entering the anomaly, sir.
I've got a fix on the energy source, and for the moment this baby's working, but that could change in an instant. Transport complete. [Bridge] All systems functioning. Scanning, sir. Got him. [Iconian Control room] (The room is shaking) I've lost him! Got him, sir. He's on the Romulan ship. Open, sir.
I'm sorry, Counsellor, I'm not sure what to do here. I'll go check the pattern buffers. (O'Brien locks the controls and leaves)
Transporter Room to Engineering. I have a power drain. [Bridge] (And the orbiting research station goes Big Bang!) Transporter Room to Bridge. [Bridge] He's aboard. [Transporter room] For a moment, we weren't sure you left the space station in time. It just exploded, sir. Captain's log, supplemental. Commander Riker has informed me that Doctor Apgar was the only one aboard the space station when it exploded. We remain in orbit investigating the accident. [Transporter room] I've gone through the whole system, Captain. I can't find any malfunction in the transporter. [Transporter room]
I can't get a pattern lock. I've got them. There's a forty percent drop in mass. [Bridge] I could use a cup of coffee. How about you? Black, double sweet Careful, that's hot. Sorry. (She snuggles up to his and he gets up and walks away) It's. I don't know, but this feels wrong somehow. Well technically, yes. No. I mean, of course you're my wife. But you're also ten years old. That's not the point. I didn't say that. But until they find a way to reverse this, this effect, it's going hard for me to ignore the fact that you're a little girl. What's wrong, Sweetheart? What if Daddy reads you a story tonight? Will that be okay? I'll be right back. [O'Brien quarters] Keiko. It's going to be all right. I promise. We'll work this out. I don't know. First Officer's log, supplemental. The Enterprise has reached the Ligos system, and we have begun to search for the missing Federation science team. Doctor Crusher reports no progress on a cure for the members of the shuttle crew. [Picard's quarters] (Picard is enjoying running his fingers through his hair again, and puts on the jacket when the doorbell rings) There're some bulkhead fragments over here. It looks like tritanium from the hull. No wonder the bulkhead shattered. When I tried to beam them off, I wasn't able to get a lock because the reversion field was masking part of the patterns. Phase inducers activated. Energy levels nominal. Transposition matrix locked in. That should do it, Captain.
Aye, sir. Coordinates have been input, sir.
It's the styrolite. I'm altering the delta-T so the styrolite coding materialises two micro-seconds ahead of the child. [Science lab] Ready, Captain. [Science lab] Shuttlecraft, maintain your position and stand by. Transporter control, what's our status? [Transporter room] Stand by to transport. Energise. [Shuttlecraft] (The boy is beamed in, and Pulaski uses a device to remove the styrolite covering from him. He sits up and looks into Kate's eyes) I have the original coordinates of the Darwin isolation lab, Captain. Shuttle One, hold your position. [Shuttlecraft] The transporter's biofilter won't protect us. The boy was transported twice already and still infected Doctor Pulaski. We might try the trace. As you know, the transporter keeps a record of all transmissions, a pattern if you will. Usually it's just stored for security purposes, but if we use the transporter trace to control the reconstitution process I'd have to make extensive modifications. You may step down, sir. Yes, sir, but we were unable to locate her trace pattern. Well, I'd have to get into the biofilter bus to patch in a molecular matrix reader. That's no problem. But the waveform modulator will be overloaded without the regeneration limiter in the first stage circuit. I think so, sir. You heard what he said. Let's get those panels off. [Doctor's office] Almost ready, sir. There's just one thing. This modification's one way only. If it doesn't work we won't be able to reverse transport the Doctor back to the planet. Thank you, sir. I'll be monitoring the medical scans. But you'll be able to tell if it's worked by watching the stack. Captain, wait. (He taps his board and she becomes younger, and solid. Picard and Pulaski embrace.)
Alien intruder, transporter room three. Security alert. Alien (He ducks out of the energy's way) [Bridge]
The Borg have adapted their electromagnetic field to prevent main transporter functions, sir. Locked in (The Borg destroy the shuttlecraft) Transport successful, sir. [Bridge] (Both sections of the Enterprise, and the Borg ship, hang quietly together in space) At what point should I shut it down if there's a problem? Positronic activity unchanged. Sir, your submicron matrix activity is increasing exponentially. The Borg might be trying to terminate their link with him.
Locked on to the main bridge, Captain. I did, sir. I did. I really did. Ships in bottles. Great fun. (The lights dim) I'm not sure. The secondary power bus may need adjusting.
I've laid in coordinates which should set you down in the least damaged section of the Borg ship. O'Brien here, Captain. Count on it, sir. [Borg ship] (They have reached a different part of the ship. There are baby noises, and incubator units maintained by a lot of machinery)
O'Brien to Bridge. I lost the transporter lock on them. [Bridge]
Aye, Captain. [Bridge] Yes, sir. Three hundred metres beyond the colony perimeter. Aye, Captain. [Tunnel] (Ishara is beamed into a tunnel and immediately the alarms go off.) [Level 3C, 547] (The people guarding the shuttlepod start to move off, leaving just two behind) There's a transformer substation directly above the chamber she just entered. It's masking her signal. [Level 3C, 547] Energising. (The rest of the away team are already on board) [Picard's quarters] Whenever you're ready.
Oh? She what? Cancelled the wedding? Today? Without even a word? Of all the childish, selfish, irresponsible things to do! (O'Brien storms out) Am I intruding, Commander? No, thank you, sir. First of all I'd like to apologise for this morning in Ten Forward No, sir. Thank you, sir. No, really, sir I'm fine. I came to ask for your help. It's about Keiko. I'd like you to talk to her. Convince her to go through with the wedding. She already has. It didn't help. You've known her longer than I have. I just thought she might listen to you. She won't even talk to me Just talk with her. Make her see reason. She's going off half-cocked, not thinking this through. You've worked with her for a long time. She respects your opinion. Thank you, sir. I won't forget this. The signal lock wasn't broken, sir. I had just entered the transfer sequence when the Ambassador's pattern began to break up. I tried to switch to emergency manual control, but the pattern deteriorated too quickly and No, sir. In fact, we replaced the transition coils only last week. Nothing that I could see. Their shields were down. There was no power interruption, no subspace bias.
No sir. Well, you know women. I know what you mean, Lieutenant. Last time my old man was on board I found him chasing Nurse Stanton around a biobed in Sickbay. Yeah, but it's always something with parents, isn't it. Energising. (A big, stocky silver-haired man, and a mature woman with lots of brown hair appear) Miles Edward O'Brien, sir. Good to meet you.
Energising. (And onto the pad come - six adult, one child, a sheep, goat, chicken, barrels, hay.... and cod-Irish background music for the big clue as to the upcoming accents) Captain, you'd better get somebody down here. Right away. (The second transport group includes a porker, ducks in a crate and so on) Aye, sir. Yes, sir.
O'Brien here, Commander. Go ahead, Commander. Link confirmed. Ready whenever you are, sir. [Planet surface] I've got a piece of him, Commander, but that's all. [Bridge] The field's still deflecting the signal. There just isn't enough of him, sir. [Bridge] I can't hold him, Commander. [Planet surface] (The creature leaves and Picard runs over to Dathon.) We got him, Commander. [Bridge]
Female? Career? Career? That is trouble. You choose your enemies, you choose your friends, but family? That's in the stars. No kidding. I know her too, but we don't do that. (Kyle and Kate sit together) Find anything yet? No harm in checking, I guess. No problem. We're totally ship-shape. A party for Worf? Sounds intriguing. I'd be delighted. My lips are sealed. [Troi's office] Those are Klingon painstiks. I once saw one of them used against a two-ton Rectyne Monopod. Poor creature jumped five metres at the slightest touch. It finally died from excessive cephalic pressures. That's right. The animal's head exploded like
Good luck, Commander. I wouldn't want to go. You're not afraid, are you. I would be. Ready, sir. Yes, Captain. We're not yet in safe range for a transfer [Bridge] And defensive shields are still in place. Yes, sir. I'll wait till forty thousand. [Bridge] Ready, sir. [Bridge]
My pleasure, Doctor. [Corridor] Doctor Quaice? Was he part of the regular crew rotation? When did he arrive? That was my watch. I beamed this man onboard? I'm sorry. I remember you were here for a short while, but you were alone. No, Doctor. As I recall, you came in and you looked around for a few moments. I asked you if I could help you with anything. All you said was 'Thank you.' I said, 'My pleasure,' or something, and that was the end of it. There was no one else here. [Turbolift] But I feel fine. Doctor, it's no use checking my eyesight. I didn't see your friend.
Hanging a plant for Keiko. It's part of her running project to give me a green thumb. Everything I touch seems to turn brown and wither away. Much better, thanks. This isn't a house call, is it? Let me check. Ensign Locklin. She's one of my technicians.
Damn it. I need you in transporter room three, Commander. [Ten Forward] I was synchronising the phase transition coils, I didn't do anything I haven't done a hundred times before. The test object is made of pure duranium. Watch this. (He beams the test cylinder from one side of the pads to the other and back again. It ends up in two pieces, and steaming gently) Aye, sir. [Troi's office]
What is it? Sweetheart, I'm not a fish. What? No muffins or oatmeal, or corned beef and eggs? Keiko, I've been thinking You've been introducing me to all this wonderful food that you're accustomed to. I'd like to do the same. Isn't that what marriage is about? Sharing? Scalloped potatoes, mutton shanks, oxtails and cabbage. Oh, you'll love it, I promise. I can still remember the aromas when my mother was cooking. She didn't believe in a replicator. She thought real food was more nutritious. Yeah, like a master chef. She was fantastic. Of course, I'll have to use the replicator, but I'll make something special for you tonight. You'll love it, I promise. Something's wrong. More like sabotage, sir. It was on Setlik Three. A squad of Cardassian militia made a sneak raid on an outpost, wiped out close to a hundred civilians. That's not what I meant. Captain Maxwell would never Deck six. Yes, he is. I'll have to get Commander La Forge's approval on that. If my Commander tells me to discuss the Transporter with you, I will. If Captain Picard orders me to tell you everything I know about Ben Maxwell, I will. But who I choose to spend my free time with, that's my business. [Bridge] There you are. Potato casserole. A dish fit for kings. (Keiko looks doubtful) (sings) The minstrel boy to the war has gone What? Oh, it's just an old song. A bunch of us used to sing it together on the Rutledge. I hadn't thought about it in years Oh, it's about war and glory. (sings) The minstrel boy to the war has gone. In the ranks of death you will find him. His father's sword he hath girded on. And his wild harp slung behind him. Captain Maxwell always liked that song. I guess it's all this business with him and the Cardassians brought it back to me. You know, sitting with the staff this morning, I could tell there were people in that room who still don't like the Cardassians. You do? Capers. But the fighting is over now. Why should anyone still feel however they feel? Well, there were some skirmishes, when I was with Captain Maxwell. Me? I feel fine. I mean, the war's over now. [Bridge] (a tactical display is on the viewscreen, with ship designations) Captain. Anything I can do, sir, you know that. He's a rare one, all right. I count myself lucky, sir. I've served with the two finest Captains in Starfleet. There's a reason for what he's doing. Those Cardassians were up to something, I'm sure of it. I'd say he took it well. Oh, I know he was broken up inside, who wouldn't be? But you'd never know it to see him. He never missed a minute's duty, always had a smile, a joke. He would never retaliate out of vengeance, no matter what that Cardassian says. They're up to something, sir. They're the ones you should be investigating, not Captain Maxwell. I like them fine. It's just, well, I know them. You learn to watch your back when you're around those people. I don't know what to say, sir, but he must have had his reasons. Mind if I join you? Kanar. I never could develop a taste for it. I wanted to say I owe you an apology. I shouldn't have popped off like that in the turbolift. I guess that's true. I hadn't thought of it like that. I was on Setlik three with Captain Maxwell the morning after the massacre. We were too late, of course. Almost everyone was dead. The only people left alive were in an outlying district of the settlement. I was sent there with a squad to reinforce them. Cardassians were advancing on us, moving through the streets, destroying, killing. I was with a group of women and children when two Cardassian soldiers burst in. I stunned one of them. The other jumped me. We struggled. One of the women threw me a phaser, and I fired. The phaser was set at maximum. The man just incinerated, there before my eyes. I'd never killed anything before. When I was a kid, I'd worry about swatting a mosquito. It's not you I hate, Cardassian. I hate what I became because of you. [Bridge] (Worf hauls Telle onto the Bridge) Hello, Captain. Good to see you again. Thank you, sir. Well, if that's true, I learned it from you, sir. Aye, sir. Sir, Captain Maxwell, if he feels his back is to the wall, he'll strike. Sir, let me beam over. Try to talk to him. We served together a long time. When you've been through what we have, you tend to get inside someone. He might listen. The Phoenix is using a high energy sensor system. It cycles every five point five minutes. Between cycles there's a window of a fiftieth of a second. Trust me, I can get through. I'm not armed. I had the thought that if we could talk we could figure a way out of this mess. He won't do that, sir. He will. Count on it. Sir, there is no war. The war is over. That's what everybody thinks about the enemy. That's probably what they think about us. Yes, sir. Will Kayden. Stompie. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. (sings) The minstrel boy to the war has gone. In the ranks of death you will find him. One faithful harp shall praise thee. No, sir. Captain's log, supplemental. Captain Maxwell has turned his ship over to his First Officer and transported aboard the Enterprise. I have confined him to quarters for the return voyage. [Observation lounge] I'd just like to say, sir, he was a good man. What he did was terribly wrong, I know that now, but I'm still proud to have served with him.
