Thank you, Commander. That will be most helpful in my efforts to mediate the quarrel. Now that I think about it, you're absolutely right, Commander. Unfortunately, I'm not feeling very well. Perhaps Doctor Crusher could get you started inputting your information. I myself must return to my quarters. I would be most grateful. Somehow, I had an unnatural fear that Data was going to barge in and ask to discuss the peripheral effects of magnetospheric energy taps. Do you know, when I first met the formidable Doctor Beverly, what, ten days ago? I thought to myself, this woman is ice through to her bones. Who would have ever guessed that instead of ice, there is fire. Stay here, don't go. Fortunately, I've done about as much as I can until we get there. Because I just can't seem to keep my mind on my work right now. Promise me we'll be together tonight. Then you may go, Doctor Beverly. Not just Beverly. It's Beverly's smile, it's her kindness, her beauty within and without. So much more than just Beverly. I'll be right there, Captain. [Observation lounge] I would hope to serve you as well as he. Thank you. Actually, she was. I've been studying the information you sent. If I understand correctly, the people of Alpha moon have found a way to tap directly into the magnetic field of your planet, and now rely exclusively on that energy source. Excuse me, Captain. I prefer to shuttle to the surface. I'm sure I'm not the first who has expressed discomfort at the idea of molecular transport. Thank you, but I prefer to remain intact. I'll shuttle down. You wanted to see me, Captain? I am ready, Captain. Oh, I cannot answer that. I never know until I am into the situation, meet the people involved. I work very much by instinct, not by pre-arranged plan. Well, I do like to go into a situation as well-informed as possible, and I must say that your staff has been quite helpful in briefing me on the problems down here. Particularly Doctor Crusher. Your Doctor Beverly is an extraordinary person, both as a scientist and as a woman. Captain, you know her better than I. Do you have any idea how committed she is to remaining with Starfleet? Oh no, of course not. I just thought, well, you've known her so much long than I. I'll find my own way, Captain. I hope to return with good news. [Shuttlebay] I am honoured. (he embraces Beverly) I don't know when I'll be back. I will stay safe, Doctor Beverly. I have good reason to return. I've researched Earth customs. This flower is given to express love. (a single red rose) No, don't do it. If you transport me, it will kill me. Please. You must not. Beverly, that is me. This body is just a host. I am that parasite. That is what must survive. It has always been this way. The Trill are a joined species. A host and a symbiont, and in this fashion we have survived for millennia. The host body is dying. You must contact the Trill quickly. Tell them I need another host. They will send a replacement. I know this is difficult to accept, but I beg you, Doctor Beverly, help me. This mission must be completed. [Observation lounge]
