Sedimentation rate is twenty nine, but his lymphocytes are still intact. Heart rate one hundred ten. Blood pressure ninety over forty. Pulse one thirty and climbing. EEG is erratic. Blood pressure levelling off.
Doctor Crusher, he's awake. Yes, Doctor. Good as new, Captain. You can take him home.
We went to the holodeck and took a walk on the Champs Elysees. I'll run a diagnostic. (the firefly is there) And? He has shore leave next month. He asked me to go to Risa with him. I don't think I'm going, Doctor. I hear it's a very uninhibited atmosphere. Personally, I don't think I'm ready for that kind of fun. She insisted on talking to you.
Don't worry about it, Sam. It's a time-honoured strategy, Taurik. Excuse me, Doctor. Actually, I just wanted to tell you that Ensign Reilly's condition is showing improvement. But thank you. It sounds wonderful. Fine. I think. I'm sure it's nothing, but he seems preoccupied lately. Last night he had to cancel our date. He's been putting together a research proposal. He's been really busy with it. I just wonder. I've never met anyone like Andrew. It's as though we've known each other forever. But I know that in the beginning of a romance it's possible to be a little blind. Well, cancelling a date like that, the way he's been so distant lately. Doctor, do you think those could be warning signs that he's losing interest? Maybe so. You're right. Except, of course, that he'll have to deal with Lieutenant Ogawa. [Ten Forward] (at the bar) All right, Doctor. (Alyssa leaves) What are you doing here? Do you have any idea what's going on? I'd better go. (Alyssa leaves as Picard arrives) Yes, sir. I understand. (their patient is a spoon-head) No. Doctor Crusher just asked me to help her with the laboratory schedule. He had to do a double shift. What did you say? You know, Sam, maybe you shouldn't try so hard with Riker. It doesn't matter whether he likes you as long as he respects you. See you later. (Sito and Ogawa leave) You wanted to see me, Doctor? Thank you, Doctor. I appreciate that. That's nice of you to say. I feel the same way. Someone told you. We were going to keep it a secret until the promotions are announced. He asked me to marry him. Sam, can we talk about something else? Of course. Sam, please. I'm not allowed to talk about it. Congratulations. She would have been happy for you, Sam. We're proud of you, Sam.
His respiratory system's in spasm. Pulse is irregular and weakening. I'm getting massive somatophysical failure. There are severe fluctuations in the isocortex. Synaptic responses are failing. Blood pressure is dropping rapidly. Seventy over twenty. Losing response in the isocortex. Blood pressure up to ninety over forty and rising.
So why were you rolling around in Cypirion cactus? The new Tactical officer? Yes, Doctor. Everything looks fine, Data. Do you want to know the sex of the kittens? I know what you mean. I don't want to know either. Spot's not the only one who's going to be a mother. He was a little shocked, but he's getting over it. Doctor, we've had three other crewmembers complaining about the temperature levels. Some feel like they have fevers, others are freezing like Counsellor Troi. Get a hypospray. I managed to get her into stasis before the venom paralysed her. She's going to need reconstructive surgery, but I think she'll be all right. Sixty crewmen have begun exhibiting strange behavioural changes. Memory loss, fatigue, headaches. I think one thing is clear. There's some sort of disease aboard the Enterprise and it's spreading.
Sorry to disturb you, Doctor. I thought you should see this. (Alyssa shines a torch on Susanna) That's not all. Her body temperature is dropping. It's increasing. A very small one if our scans haven't found it. How did it get there? There's not much of her original DNA left.
Yes, Doctor. Doctor Crusher? I think you should see these readings, Doctor. Her neurotransmitter levels are three hundred percent above normal. Doctor, neural energy is now three hundred forty percent above normal. Yes, Doctor. [Alkar's quarters] Yes, doctor. She has a pulse. Blood pressure climbing. Ninety over forty. Cortical activity approaching normal levels. Levels are dropping, Doctor. Down to four hundred and twenty percent above normal. Three hundred and ninety percent. Neurotransmitter levels are down to three hundred and ten percent. Two hundred and ninety percent. Neurotransmitter levels are down to two hundred and thirty percent. [Alkar's quarters] (Worf watches impassively as the old man tries to speak, then falls over. Rigor has already set in.)
Yes, Doctor. Doctor Crusher! Neuro-electrical activity in the cerebral cortex. Nothing.
(visibly pregnant) The biospectral test results, Doctor. Doctor we've just gotten reports from two crewmembers who say they have old scars which are healing themselves.
Cerebral cortex placed on life support at zero eight thirty one  hours. Three hours twenty six minutes remaining until onset of primary  brain dysfunction.  One hour forty three minutes until primary brain dysfunction.  (Troi is trying to keep Alexander amused while all this is going on)  (Alyssa hands over a tray with a length of jelly in it)  I'm reading a slight fluctuation in the isocortex.  Twenty seven minutes.  Life support disengaged.  Fluctuations in the isocortex.  BP dropping. Now sixty over ten. VeK'tal response falling  rapidly.  Respiration is shallow and rapid. No response in the isocortex.  Heart rate is erratic.  Showing no higher brain functions.  No BP, no pulse. No activity in the isocortex.  Doctor!  Vital signs are stabilising. 
Sickbay here. No, Doctor, he's not. Wait a minute. He just came in. (After Geordi's examination)
(the Doctor) Geordi's dead. What about his visor? Hook it up to the diagnostic array and I'll check it out.
Doctor, here's the result of the tissue scan you asked for. I don't understand, Doctor. Isn't it pretty clear that Reyga died from a plasma discharge? You think he was murdered? Why won't the Ferengi allow it? Whoever had something to gain from his death. Doctor Crusher? What do you need the autopsy files for? Computer, access autopsy files. I assume you'll need the files on Doctor Reyga and Jo'Bril? I can see how important this is to you. Is that an order, Doctor? Too bad you're not my boss now. So what do we do now? Let's do it. [Morgue] (they get Jo'Bril out of storage) Yes, Doctor. Re-calibration complete. Nothing. There's something in the subdermal tissue. That's a possibility, but this is very circumstantial evidence.
Yes, Doctor? No, I didn't. I would never touch one of your experiments unless you asked me to, Doctor.
