Whoa. Since you're able to diagnose my problems, how about helping me fix them? A Klingon Security officer. No wars available, eh? (He hands over his gun belt, and Worf holds his hand out for the rest. The knife is down the back of Okona's thigh boots) It's more of a piece of jewellry than a weapon. A remembrance. I'd be most happy to do the work myself, Commander. I'm sort of the hands-on type. I can believe that. May I at least watch? Good then. Commander, I leave this in your capable hands. (And gives the module to Wesley) Well, acting ensigns have names, don't they? Nice to meet you Acting Ensign Wesley Wesley Crusher. (to Robinson) And thank you for beaming me here and enabling me to see a truly beautiful woman. You have the majestic carriage and loveliness that could surely be traced back to the noblest of families. But it's how I say it that's really important. The warmth, the attraction that I have for you. The attraction that we share. Now, that's sex appeal. Well, then. Have you seen any good looking computers lately? That's a joke. It's funny. Will that do what the original did? Tricellite isn't available in this system. If I ever had to replace it. Because of the part or the way I fly my ship? Blame the pattern of my life, Lieutenant La Forge. Because it relegates me to cargo carrying rather than the grand explorations you enjoy, I'm forced to add a measure of flamboyancy and a zest to the doldrum of my existence. [Corridor] Have you ever been cold? Warm, then? What about drunk? Ever do that? Pity. What about love? They're both the same. Maybe. Life is like loading twice your cargo weight onto your spacecraft. If it's canaries and you can keep half of them flying all the time, you're all right. Accurate? That was a joke I just told you. You don't know what a joke is? That's the dictionary meaning. I'm talking about humour, fun. Do you know what funny is? (blank) Where is eight oh six? You probably wouldn't understand that either. (The door opens to reveal Robinson in a slinky dress, waiting for Okona) I'm sure it can wait a few minutes. Some other time. (to the woman) Remember what it took to drag me from your arms. [Turbolift] Am I going to meet Captain Picard? Did I say something funny? [Bridge] Captain, if you mean my socialising with the members of the crew? He's from Atlec. I've had dealings with some of his family. I can't. He's here also? I am not a criminal. I can't say. That would be crazy. They wouldn't stand a chance. I can't think of one right now. You know, Captain, your Counsellor's right. He will fight. One at a time. Who accuses me of stealing? Captain, you can't be afraid of those two or what they can do to your ship. I'm sorry. I'm sorry my ship broke down. I'm sorry you stopped to help. I'm sorry you're involved. But you're right. Whatever happens, however it goes, someone gets hurt. Hand me over to Kushell, and Debin goes to war. I wish I could. I wish I could make it easier. I'm not going to apologise for the way I am or how I live my life, but just for the record, I did not steal the Jewel of Thesia. I am not a criminal, Captain. And as to the other business, that's between me and Yanar, no one else. How about this? Do what you said. Fix my guidance system and let me leave. Captain, with all due respect, that's not your concern. Besides, I can take care of myself. [Engineering] You're quite a craftsman, Lieutenant La Forge. How soon? I did. It stopped liking me. Time to disappear. What? A new place, if I make it. Not for long. Oh? Is that what he says? I seem to have a way of using up a place. I know. I know what you were talking about. Like you said, Geordi, what's the rush? I have some friends around here. I think it's time to make a stand. [Bridge] Captain, I've decided not to leave. Don't worry, I'm not staying either. I've decided to surrender myself. There's really only one option. Everyone is talking about me, and no one's talking to me. You all believe that I stole the jewel, and that it was I who fathered the child. And now I'm offered these two choices, and given these two options, condemnation as a thief or marriage to the beautiful Yanar. I will take the more pleasant sentence. I will take Yanar as my wife. See how a man gets a reputation? Well, said. He never would have. I never had the chance to deliver it. Yanar. You're angry at the embarrassment of all this, and maybe the timing and the approach is not the most romantic, but I know you love Benzan and I don't want to see you throw away that feeling just because your parents have been quarrelling for years and don't know how to behave properly. I've carried your messages back and forth for almost six months. I've smuggled each of you into the other's homeland. You feel for him the same way he feels for you. (Yanar walks over to Benzan)
