Please call me Perrin, Captain. Captain, would you be so kind as to show us to our quarters? Perhaps it would be best if we settled in first. My husband and I have every confidence in you, Captain. Come in. Not at all, Captain, but Sarek is in meditation at the moment. Well, how nice. I so rarely get visitors of my own. Usually everyone wants to see the Ambassador. These quarters are quite comfortable. The Ambassador and I were very pleased when we heard that the negotiations were going to take place aboard the flagship of the Federation. My husband has taken an interest in your career. He finds it to be satisfactory. Some people who expect an emotional response often find Vulcans quite cold when they are merely being Exactly. What a tempting offer. I doubt that the Ambassador will be able to attend, but I will make it a point to ask him. As do I. [Guest quarters - bedroom] You are still unable to meditate? It has eluded you for many weeks. You know I am right. Tataglia would be lovely. I look forward to it. Captain, I don't think I understand what you're telling me. My husband is responsible for your crew assaulting one another? Bendii Syndrome is more a folk tale than a disease. There hasn't been a true case of it in my husband's lifetime. Sakkath? Sakkath knows nothing my husband didn't teach him. That is not true! Captain, I know a good deal about the Vulcan mind and I know a good deal about the heart of one particular Vulcan. I am his wife, and he is fine. He does not have Bendii Syndrome, and that shall be the end of it. Please, you must not do this to him. (Sarek, Sakkath and Mendrossen come out of the bedroom) Sarek, I see no reason to continue this discussion. Sarek, I ask you to reconsider. I must speak with you, Captain. Resting. I've come to ask you to reconsider your position. Sarek is a good man. He's given the Federation a lifetime of service. I beg you to let him keep the respect he has earned. Mendrossen and I never wanted to deceive you. My husband's condition came on him so gradually it was so easy to delude ourselves and pretend that nothing was wrong. We convinced ourselves that he could complete this one last task and end his career with dignity. Help him, Captain. Help him regain his pride, his honour. The mission can be saved. But he needs your help to do it. [Conference room] Thank you, Captain. I know. I have always known. (Sarek enters)
Mint tea. It's been years since I've had it. Vulcans have some kind of strange concoction they call mint. You'd never recognise it. He didn't even say goodbye to his father before he left. No. He wrapped up all of his affairs carefully. He knew he was going. Captain, as far as I'm concerned, he disappeared a long time ago. Not between us. Between Spock and his father. They had argued for years. That was family. But when the debates over the Cardassian war began, he attacked Sarek's position publicly. He showed no loyalty to his father. I was offended. I made sure Spock knew it. I'm very protective of my husband. I do not apologise for it. I don't know. If you could see Sarek as I do, wasting in bed, whispering to himself. He wants to see his son. He wants to heal any rift that may still remain. Now, it may be too late. If it were anyone else I would never permit it, but you are a part of him and he of you. [Cargo bay] (bits of twisted metal all over the place) He is like this most of the time. His emotions have taken over. Sometimes, I can bring him out of it. Sarek! You will listen! Picard is here. I will leave you alone with him. He will either acknowledge you or he won't. (Perrin leaves)
