Bust a chair across my teeth? Ain't love wonderful. (They sit together at a table) I am in charge of the Twenty third Sector JAG office. We're brand new. I have no staff but one terrified little Ensign. Hopefully we can make some good law out here. Still the most exciting and worthwhile place to be. They forced me out. When I prosecuted you in the Stargazer court martial, I was doing my job. Not true! A court martial is standard procedure when a ship is lost. I was doing my duty as an officer of the Judge Advocate General. You know, I never thought I would say this, but it's good to see you again. It brings a sense of order and stability to my universe to know that you're still a pompous ass. And a damn sexy man. Admiral. Oh, yes. We're old friends. Excuse me. Picard, call me. You can buy me dinner. (Phillipa exits) My God, twice in as many days. An historic moment. He can refuse to undergo the procedure, but we can't stop the transfer. We agree to certain risks when we join Starfleet. All this passion over a machine? There is always an option. He can resign. So you came to me for help. Wait! I didn't mean it that way. I'm glad that you felt you could, well, come to me. I wish things were different. Overt sentimentality is not one of Captain Picard's failings. Trust me, I know. Look, you're preaching to the choir here. Why don't you get to the point? We have rule of law in this Federation. You ca not simply seize people and experiment with them to prove your pet theories. That's an interesting point. But the Enterprise computer is property. Is Data? There may be law to support this position. I have completed my research, based on the Acts of Cumberland passed in the early twenty first century. Data is the property of Starfleet. He cannot resign and he cannot refuse to cooperate with Commander Maddox. Then I shall be required to hold a hearing. Captain, that would be exceedingly difficult. This is a new base. I have no staff. There are. I can use serving officers as legal counsel. You as the senior officer would defend. And the unenviable task of prosecuting this case would fall on you, Commander, as the next most senior officer of the defendant's ship. When people of good conscience have an honest dispute, we must still sometimes resort to this kind of adversarial system. Then I will rule summarily based upon my findings. Data is a toaster. Have him report to Commander Maddox immediately for experimental refit. Good. And I expect you to do your duty in that courtroom. If I find for one minute that you are not doing your best, I will end this then and there. I have never forgotten it. Not then, and certainly not now. [Ready room] This hearing, convened on stardate 42527.4, is to determine the legal status of the android known as Data. The office of the Judge Advocate General has rendered a finding of property, the defence has challenged. Commander Riker? Sustained. Proceed, Commander. I'm afraid I can't agree, Captain. Proceed with you demonstration, Commander. (Data bends the heavy rod neatly into a U shape) Proceed, Commander. Granted. [Ten forward] (There is only one customer present, sitting at the bar) Commander Riker, do you want to cross? Thank you. You may step down. It sits there looking at me, and I don't know what it is. This case has dealt with metaphysics, with questions best left to saints and philosophers. I'm neither competent nor qualified to answer those. I've got to make a ruling, to try to speak to the future. Is Data a machine? Yes. Is he the property of Starfleet? No. We have all been dancing around the basic issue. Does Data have a soul? I don't know that he has. I don't know that I have. But I have got to give him the freedom to explore that question himself. It is the ruling of this court that Lieutenant Commander Data has the freedom to choose. (Data walks over to Maddox) You didn't call him it. (Maddox leaves) You see? Sometimes it does work. You buying? [Observation lounge]
