Thank you, Mister O'Brien. Another moment and (he stops, startled by his own high-pitched voice, and looks at his diminutive companions. Gulp.) [Sickbay] What happened to the shuttlecraft, Number One? We can't afford to stay here any longer. We'll leave a class four probe behind to study the energy field but the distress signal from Ligos Seven has top priority. Let me know as soon as you have any further information, Doctor. Number One, you're with me. Of course. The three of you will remain as needed to assist Doctor Crusher. (Riker and Picard leave) Bridge. [Bridge] Mister Worf. Prepare to launch a class four probe to study the energy field. (everyone just stares) I realise how unusual this must seem. My appearance is the result of an accident, involving myself and three other crew members, the effects of which Doctor Crusher is currently working to remedy. I assure you I am Captain Picard. (Riker gives a nod) Mister Data, have you secured all of the shuttle debris? Very well. Ensign, as soon as Mister Data is finished take us to Ligos at warp eight. Of course. [Ready room] Tea. Earl Grey. Hot. Have you been able to determine the cause of our transformation? I see. There are one hundred and three members of the science team on Ligos Seven. We should prepare shuttlebay three for a triage centre in case they have large numbers of casualties. I see that Ligos Seven is prone to periodic volcanic activity. Perhaps the planet has entered an active phase. All right. Let's talk. Are you here to relieve me of duty? I am still Jean-Luc Picard. My judgement, my experiences, my mental capacities are all intact. But you see no evidence of that. You are asking me to step down. Commander Riker, please take command of the ship until further notice. Come. I'll have to speak to my tailor, but otherwise I'm well, thank you. It's just so ridiculous. I can't really take myself seriously like this. Counsellor, if Doctor Crusher can't find a cure, if I have to stay this way, nobody's going to take me seriously, are they? In that case, I suppose I'll just have to wait until I grow up again before I get another command. Which might be in ten, maybe fifteen years. The question is what to do until then? : I've spent thirty years of my life aboard starships I'm not about to sit behind a desk now. And be Wesley Crusher's room mate? I will admit that returning to the Academy does have a certain appeal, but I've spent my life looking forward. Going to the Academy again feels like looking backward. Leave Starfleet? It would give me a chance to take up Doctor Langford's offer and accompany her to the ruins on Suvin Four. But to leave the Enterprise. Is everyone all right? We have to assume they've also taken the Bridge. They're taking all the adults down to the surface. It looks like they're keeping all the children on board the ship. Where was your daughter? She's probably still there with the others. I wouldn't worry. We need to regain control of the ship. Options? That's been locked out with the rest of the command functions. Agreed. They might think they don't need as much of their crew to hold the ship. We could use the element of surprise to give us a tactical advantage. We can't just stay here while our ship is being commandeered. What do you suggest we do? Computer, display interior security grid. No, I would not. Computer, display an internal schematic diagram. Delete audio. All right, this'll have to do. We're here. there's a service conduit that runs to here and then leads to a Jeffries tube here. But you and Ensign Ro will still have to cross this corridor before you can get to main Engineering. (Ro and Keiko take the hatch off the crawlway) Excellent. Ready? Make it so. (Ro and Guinan crawl in, then Picard's leg is hit by a large radio-controlled toy vehicle) Alexander, would you mind if I borrowed your toy for a little while? Thank you. (he puts it in the crawlway) Report? Very good. : I'm afraid I can only think of one way. [Corridor] I need to see my father. I need to see him right now. I need to see him now! Now! Now! Now! Now! Now! Now! Now! Stop it! You've hurt me! I want my father! I want my father! Let me go! Dad! (and throws his arms around Riker's waist) I'm okay. They're okay too. But We don't have anything to do. None of the games are working. Can't you just turn on the kid's computer in schoolroom eight? We just want to play a few games. Thanks, Number One. He's my number one Dad. [School room] He understood. We should have access very soon. [Ready room] Command lockout has been released. Accessing transporter. Weapons deactivation programme is in place. Transporter security field standing by. We're ready. [Transporter room] (Alexander's toy has been equipped with a comm. badge. When it bumps into the Ferengi this time, he and his weapon are beamed away to another transporter pad with a working forcefield) [Engineering] That's all of them except for the two on the Bridge. Wait here until I return. I believe you're in my chair. Energise. (the youth dematerialises, and the adult materialises. He checks his hairline.)
