It's happening again.
Is something the matter, Lieutenant? [Holding cell] (One of the other bed occupants is also in a Starfleet engineering uniform. she is a green-tinged alien) Thank you, Lieutenant. Mister Data, the nearest pulsar is in the Lonka cluster, is it not? What do we know about that pulsar? Mister Crusher, how long would it take us to get there? Mister Crusher make it so. Set course for the Lonka pulsar. Warp two. Thank you, Ensign. Engage. We may have to, Number One. Belay that order. There will be no further communication off this ship without my prior authorisation. Commander, may I have a word with you? Mister Data, you have the bridge. Number One, you know I like to keep you well informed as to the nature of our missions. And if I don't inform you there is a reason. I don't like keeping you in the dark, but for the next few days I may not be able to be as communicative as usual. It may make things difficult for you. And the crew? I appreciate that, Number One. [Holding cell] (Picard is tapping on the panel, 2 taps, then 3, then 5, and so on) Counsellor, gentlemen. Forgive this intrusion. I was just passing by. I was wondering, Mister La Forge. What's our engine efficiency status? That's very good, but I would like to increase the efficiency to ninety five percent. That's not an order. You can get to it later. I don't want to disrupt your recreation. I'd rather just observe, if you don't mind. Well played, Counsellor. May I have a word with you for just a moment? Forgive me, gentlemen. I'll return your player to you in a moment. [Corridor] Counsellor, I wanted to ask you about the crew. How are they reacting to our sudden change in course? They're not curious or concerned as to why? How far do you think that trust goes? I know, Counsellor, that the crew has always had full confidence in me. But what if it were to change? Thank you, Counsellor. [Holding cell] I never felt better. Well, usually you have to remind me, then badger me, and finally order me to report. For once I thought I'd save you the trouble. As far as I know, I'm perfectly healthy. Will you have dinner with me tonight? What about my quarters? More intimate. I take that to be a yes. [Holding cell] Out with what? Has it been that apparent? How well you know me. Well, it's true, I have been preoccupied. I know that's not very flattering to you, but I have been thinking about us. And about the choices I've made. And I've been wondering if they were the right ones. Sometimes I feel we've allowed our positions to isolate us. But there's a danger in becoming too detached, of never permitting ourselves to get closer. You're a very attractive woman. Would it be simpler if I were not your commanding officer? Would you care to dance? On special occasions. (He holds her close in a slow shuffle) I don't think I told you, but I'm glad you're back on the Enterprise. I missed our friendship. You're sorry you came tonight? Good. Because I'm delighted you did. But, perhaps we should call it a night. (He opens the door for her) Goodnight. [Holding cell] Mister La Forge. We are operating at ninety six percent engine efficiency. Well done. When we arrive at the pulsar, I shall require everyone at their best. I know that I can rely on both of you. Excellent. An ale for me, and for my officers. In fact, ales for everyone. (General ah's and thanks) Here's to the finest crew in Starfleet. You know, back when I was in the Academy, we would follow every toast with a song. I wonder if I can, oh, yes. (Clears his throat and starts to sing Hearts of Oaks) Come cheer up my lads, 'Tis to glory we steer. To find something new in this wonderful year. To honour we call you as free men and brave. For who are so free as the sons of the waves? Hearts of Oak are our ships, Jolly tars are our men. We always are ready. Steady, boys, steady. We'll fight and we'll conquer again and again. (The verse is repeated with others joining in under the dialogue) Helm take us in to twenty million kilometres. Noted, Mister Data. You have the Bridge, Mister Data. I'm under no obligation to tell you that. On what grounds? No reason you're aware of. Erratic enough to justify mutiny? Do you honestly believe you have sufficient evidence to convince a board of inquiry? Number One, has it occurred to you that you might be the one with the problem? I'm aware you've been under stress, and I am willing to let the matter drop if you will report to Sickbay for a full examination. Otherwise, I will have to relieve you from duty. Think about it. [Holding cell] (Esoqq hands over his vicious knife to Picard, for use as a tool. He shorts out a power line) Helm, move us closer. Ten million kilometres. Take us in, Mister Crusher. You're relieved of duty, Commander. Mister Worf, confine Mister Riker to his quarters. (Worf stands still and puts his hands behind his back) Mister Worf, I gave you an order. You're destroying yourself and anyone who is foolish enough to listen to you. Mister Worf, escort Commander Riker from the Bridge.
