Will. I'll bet you never thought you'd see me again. (everyone say hi! to Terry O'Quinn, eventually to be John Locke on Lost) Yeah, sure it is. You look like you're about to faint. That's right. As a matter of fact, the Pegasus is the reason I'm here. The Pegasus is still out there, Will. And the Romulans found her. [Observation lounge] As you know, the starship Pegasus was lost in this sector some twelve years ago along with most of its crew. I was the captain and Commander Riker here was my helmsman. From space, we saw what appeared to be a matter-antimatter explosion which vaporised the ship. However, all that changed three days ago. Starfleet Intelligence has an operative in Romulan High Command. He sent us a message that a Romulan warbird had located a piece of debris in the Devolin system which was positively identified as being from the Pegasus. The warbird was then ordered to locate the rest of the ship, if possible, and retrieve it. The Pegasus was a prototype. Experimental engine, new weapon systems. In fact, some of our designs were used in constructing the Enterprise. There are a lot of things on board the Romulans would love to get their hands on. To find the ship before the Romulans do. Salvage it if possible, destroy it if necessary. You command the Enterprise while I remain in command of the overall mission. I'll make the appropriate information available to you. Oh, they're out there. They're just waiting to see what you're going to do. How long have you had that beard? What was it that Lieutenant Boylen used to call you? You never did have much of a sense of humour. Really? Well, it's about time. You were always so serious on the Pegasus. I wouldn't have come all the way out here if I didn't. Maybe. So do I. It's not the kind of thing you just forget. Never. What happened was a tragedy, yes, but it wasn't your fault and it wasn't mine. What we were doing was for the good of the Federation, and we can't blame ourselves if the others couldn't see that. Well, this time we may have a chance to do it the right way. If this mission is successful, if we find the Pegasus and the experiment, we can finish what we started twelve years ago. It's not just me, Will. The Chief of Starfleet Security has personally given me her assurance of complete support. Not many, and it's up to us to make sure it stays that way. Raner has given me written orders for you. You'll find them coded in the Enterprise computer. You've been instructed not to reveal the true nature of our mission to anyone else, not even Captain Picard. Will, don't worry. It won't be like it was twelve years ago. And this time, no one's going to stop us. (for those who care about these things, the travesty that was the Enterprise series finale takes place at some point from here on in...) [Picard's quarters] (this area of space is strewn with rocky debris) You chose your first officer without ever meeting him? You wanted someone with a history of disobedience? Frankly, I've always felt it was more important for an officer to trust his captain's judgment. In a crisis, there's no time for explanations. Orders have to be obeyed without question or lives may be lost. Of course you are. I guess this mission has brought up some old ghosts for me. You know what it's like to lose a ship. You're always wondering if there was something else you should have done, something you missed. I'm afraid not. But I can tell you this. Twelve years ago, I needed an officer that I could count on in a crisis. Someone who would support and obey my decisions without question. Someone who was willing to trust my judgment. And that someone was Will Riker. Without his loyalty, none of us would have survived. [Sickbay] (Riker is in a martial arts robe) I think he's right. I recognise some of the variance patterns. Beneath the surface? How's that possible? That's too long. If the Romulans start searching the asteroid, they could find the ship before we do. Our top priority is to salvage the ship, Commander. I'll consider destroying it only as a last resort. Captain, could you give me a third alternative? If it doesn't work, we'll have handed them the Pegasus. If they found the resonance signature, they should be sending away teams any second. Please excuse me, Captain, but I think I'd better turn in early. Commander, I want to see you in the Captain's Ready room. What the hell is the matter with you? Destroy the Pegasus before we've even taken a look at it? Well, you were wrong! We have a chance here to change the balance of power in this quadrant, but we can't very well do that if we destroy the Pegasus, now can we? It hasn't been easy for you I'm sure, keeping your Captain and friends in the dark like this. I hope you understand that it's necessary. You have changed. Something the Captain and I were talking about. To be honest I'm glad to see this kind of change in you, Will. State your opinion and stand by it. It's a far cry from the young man who used to sit at my helm and worry about pressing the wrong button. Yes, they can. But it's important that a man changes the right things in his life, not his sense of duty, not his sense of loyalty. I would like to think that too. Because those things say more about a man than the rank on his collar or the uniform he wears. They define him. Twelve years ago, a lot of older and more seasoned officers turned away from their duty, but you stood up for what was right. I'm sorry, Will. I know the kind of man you are. I know that I can count on you again. [Picard's quarters] If we're lucky, the entire engineering section could be down there. Sounds like the best solution is to take the Enterprise in. That's right. Put this fissure on the main viewer. This chasm is large enough for us to manoeuvre in. Besides, if we ever hope to salvage the Pegasus, we're going to need a starship to do it. I've made my decision. Prepare to take the Enterprise in, Captain. That's an order. Pegasus. Let's keep the speculation to a minimum. We have to begin the salvage operation. The equipment we need was in main Engineering. Can you scan that section of the Pegasus? See to it. Once you've restored life support, Commander Riker and I will beam directly into Engineering. There's some very sensitive equipment over there. I don't want anyone else near it. This room was open to space for twelve years. We're not here for a memorial service. (he opens a panel) It's still intact. What's the matter, Will? Don't you understand? We've found it. What the hell is that supposed to mean? You had better reconsider that position, Commander. We have a mission to accomplish and you're going to carry it out. Keep your self-righteous comments to yourself. I knew most of these people a lot longer than you did. Yes, it was tragic, but it was their fault. Well, it's not hard to guess. They tried to shut down an experiment they didn't understand. Something went wrong and it killed them. Now that doesn't sound like the same man who grabbed a phaser and defended his captain twelve years ago. So on reflection you'd rather be a traitor than a hero. And if you hadn't you'd be dead right now along with all the rest of them. Dead because you listened to a bunch of mutinous cowards who were too blinded by fear to see what I was trying to do. That treaty has bound our hands and given the Romulans a tactical advantage for the last sixty years. I was simply trying to level the playing field. All right, you don't want to help me? Fine. But you are still under my direct orders not to talk about what you know and I expect you to follow those orders to the letter. I made you, mister, and I can break you just as easily. Do you understand me, Commander? (the ship shakes) Stand by, Enterprise. (he gets the device out) Pressman to Enterprise. Two people and one piece of equipment to beam up. [Bridge] Report. We can't do it. If we abandon the Enterprise they'll come back here and get their hands on both ships. You just ended your career, Will. And that treaty is the biggest mistake we ever made. It's kept us from exploiting a vital area of defence. Now that's enough. I'm taking command of this vessel. Mister Worf, escort the Captain to his quarters. (Worf folds his arms) Can't you see the potential here? The phasing cloak could be the greatest breakthrough in weapons research in the last fifty years. So the ship drifted into this system still in a phased state, and when it passed through this asteroid You cannot do that! If the Romulans see us decloak, they'll know I have a lot of friends at Starfleet Command, Captain. (Pressman, Riker and Worf leave)
