Use your power. (The real Data reappears) Use your power. (Riker holds up his hand and beams Worf, Data and Geordi away) [Bridge] (The forcefield vanishes while Tasha is sitting alone on the Bridge. Everything comes back to life and Picard comes out of the Ready room)
Welcome, Picard, to shuttlecraft six. There, there, haven't we been careless. A little cleaning service I'm only too than happy to provide. (A wave of the hand and the uniform is clean again) I always keep my arrangements, sir. Look, we're nowhere near your vessel. [Corridor] The locator beacon won't help. They'll never think to look for you this far away. I suggest you change your attitude. Petulance does not become you. We have business, Picard. It will in time. [Ten forward] Do we stay out here years? Decades? I am ageless, Picard. You are not. You are an impossibly stubborn human. If I return you to your ship, will you agree to give my request a full hearing? [Ten forward] (a seamless transition to an empty room) You're right Picard. This is the proper venue for our discussion. (Guinan pops up from behind the bar) [Bridge] You! Picard, if you had half the sense you pretend to have, you would get her off your ship immediately. And if you like, I'd be more than pleased to expedite her departure. Those dealings were two centuries ago. This creature is not what she appears to be. She's an imp, and where she goes, trouble always follows. Guinan? Is that your name now? And so I have. I agree, Captain. Enough about this creature. She's diverting us from the purpose of my being here. (Riker enters with Worf) Ah, the redoubtable Commander Riker. And Micro-brain. Growl for me. Let me know you still care. My purpose is to join you. As a member of the crew. Willing and able. Ready to serve. This ship is already home for the indigent, the unwanted, the unworthy. Why not for a homeless entity. Yes. Sir, do you mock me? Captain, at least allow me to present my argument. After our last encounter, I was asked to leave the Q Continuum. Since then, I've been wandering vaguely, bored really, my existence without purpose. Then I remembered all the good times I had with you. Of which you were exonerated. A big mistake that you did not accept my offer. More and more I realise that here, here is where I want to be. Think of the advantages. Now, I neither expect nor require any special treatment. And if necessary, although I can't imagine why, I will renounce my powers and become as weak and incompetent as all of you. No? Oh, Captain, in fairness, let me try, I deserve at least that much. I add a little excitement, a little spice to your lives, and all you do is complain. Where's your adventurous spirit, your imagination. Think, Picard, think. Think of the possibilities. Oh. Well, you may not trust me, but you do need me. You're not prepared for what awaits you. Really? Oh, the arrogance. They don't have a clue as to what's out here. They're moving faster than expected, further than they should. You judge yourselves against the pitiful adversaries you have encountered so far. The Romulans, the Klingons. They are nothing compared to what's waiting. Picard, you are about to move into areas of the galaxy containing wonders more incredible than you can possibly imagine, and terrors to freeze your soul. I offer myself as guide only to be rejected out of hand. What justifies that smugness? We'll just have to see how ready you are. Why? Why, to give you a taste of your future, a preview of things to come. Con permiso, Capitan. The hall is rented, the orchestra engaged. It's now time to see if you can dance. (Q vanishes) Interesting, isn't it? Not a he, not a she. Not like anything you've ever seen. An enhanced humanoid. Understand you? You're nothing to him. He's not interested in your life form. He's just a scout, the first of many. He's here to analyse your technology. He may attempt to gain control of the ship. I wouldn't let him. (The mechanical arm is used to pass a green light to the console) The Borg is the ultimate user. They're unlike any threat your Federation has ever faced. They're not interested in political conquest, wealth or power as you know it. They're simply interested in your ship, its technology. They've identified it as something they can consume. Oh, please. Oh, no. This is as real as your so called life gets. (And he vanishes) They will follow this ship until you exhaust your fuel. They will wear down your defences. Then you will be theirs. Admit it, Picard. You're out of your league. You should have stayed where you belonged. Captain's log supplemental. We are unable to maintain the gap between the Enterprise and the Borg ship. [Bridge] You can't outrun them. You can't destroy them. If you damage them, the essence of what they are remains. They regenerate and keep coming. Eventually you will weaken, your reserves will be gone. They are relentless. Where's your stubbornness now, Picard, your arrogance? Do you still profess to be prepared for what awaits you? I'll be leaving now. You thought you could handle it, so handle it. Moi? What makes you think I am either inclined or capable to terminate this encounter? That was a difficult admission. Another man would have been humiliated to say those words. Another man would have rather died than ask for help. If you can't take a little bloody nose, maybe you ought to go back home and crawl under your bed. It's not safe out here. It's wondrous, with treasures to satiate desires both subtle and gross, but it's not for the timid. (Q vanishes and everyone is back in his own seat)
Don't bet on it, Picard. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Jean-Luc, it's wonderful to see you again. How about a big hug? Well don't just stand there, say something. Oh, and I was hoping for something more along the lines of, welcome back, Q, it's a pleasure to see you again my old friend." You wound me, mon capitaine. (a snap of fingers swaps their places) There, perhaps now your manners will show some improvement. Oh, hardly. They're still apologising to me for the last time. Do I always have to have a reason to stop by? I was merely in the sector, I. You force a confession from me. The truth is, I have a debt to repay. To you. And it gnaws at me, and it interferes with each of my days. Without your assistance at our last encounter, I never would have survived. I would have taken my own life but for you. Your good deed made possible my reinstatement in the Continuum, and I resent owing you anything. So, I'm here to pay up. Tell me, what is it you wish and I'll be gone. No, no, no, no, no. It has to be something more, more constructive. That's my new word for the day. Yes, your speech. I read it. It's dull, plodding, pedantic, much like yourself. I could help you with it. You've never actually been to the ruins at Tagus Three, have you? Well, that explains it, then. How can you write about something that you've never seen. I know, why don't I take you there? (Q is now wearing a safari suit, complete with pith helmet and shorts) Must you always be so ethical? I suppose we could travel back in time. You could see what Tagus was like two billion years ago. They really knew how to party back in those days. You are simply the most impossible person to buy a gift for. (Q disappears) Sleeping alone? I knew there was something different about you. You seem tense, preoccupied, somewhat smaller. At first I thought it was that horrible lecture of yours, but I was mistaken. I had such high hopes for you, Picard. I thought you were a bit more evolved than the rest of your species. But now I realise you're just as weak as all the others. Still, it pains me to see the great Jean-Luc Picard brought down by a woman. Don't play coy with me, Captain. I witnessed your little spat with Vash. Nor will I soon forget the look of anguish on your face. The pain, the misery. If I didn't know better, I would have thought you were already married. This human emotion, love, is a dangerous thing, Picard, and obviously you are ill-equipped to handle it. She's found a vulnerability in you. A vulnerability I've been looking for for years. If I had known sooner, I would have appeared as a female. Mark my words, Picard, this is your Achilles heel. Do you deny that you care for this woman? Believe me, I'd be doing you a big favour if I turned her into a Klabnian eel. I was just trying to help. My debt to you You would have me stand idly by as she lead you to your destruction? As you wish. [Meeting room] (looking remarkably like the ship's theatre. Picard enters in dress uniform. Senior staff are at the back, normally dressed) I would prefer if you addressed me as His Honour the High Sheriff of Nottingham. Fine. stay here and do nothing. By midday tomorrow, your crew will be safely aboard their ship. Of course, you will have to accept the consequences of your inaction. What is the one thing that Robin Hood is most famous for? Besides that. Yes, Data. And it just so happens that Sir Guy of Gisbourne has decreed that Marian's head shall come off tomorrow at noon. It's your choice, Robin. You can either take your ease in this sylvan glade or risk your life to save the woman you care nothing about. Yes, but what about your merry men? Are you willing to jeopardise their lives as well? Is Vash's life worth more than Data's or Troi's or Worf's? You know, Worf, you'd make a perfect throw rug in Nottingham Castle. Oh, that's impossible. You see, I've given this fantasy as you call it, a life of its own. I have no more idea what's going to happen than you do. But of one thing I am absolutely sure. If you dare come to Nottingham Castle, blood will be spilt. [Marian's chambers] A touch sharper, shall we? (Guy leads Vash out. She carries a bouquet of flowers) Such benevolence, Sir Guy. Allowing the condemned prisoner fresh air? What? But that's impossible? Don't drink that! It could be poison. A foul scheme of Robin Hood's. She's in league with him still, I'll warrant. All of Nottingham knows you're still in love with him. Sir Guy, if anyone's been bewitched here, it's you. Intriguing. (all of which has been overheard by Robin/Jean-Luc in disguise) [Marian's chamber] (someone climbs the outside wall and opens the window) Congratulations, Sir Guy. I see you've snared the jackal. Out. (the nurse leaves) I've come to apologise for my harsh words. I had no idea that you were so ruthless. I admit I was surprised, but no more surprised than Jean-Luc. Yes. And you are a very interesting woman. What is this? A letter to Riker. Quick, Come to Castle. Save the Captain. Why, this is wonderful. What marvellous duplicity. You certainly fooled Sir Guy, and me as well. I think you're worth further study. Yes, but unfortunately we just don't have the time. Guards! Take this traitor away. It appears there's going to be a double execution. [Castle courtyard] (Four cowled monks walk in front of the camera. The headsman is ready at his block. The prisoners are escorted in.) Don't the two of you ever stop arguing? Now, tell me, Robin, as you stand here facing the termination of your insect existence, do you see what brought you to this end? Was she worth it? She is many things, none of them innocent. A gallant gesture, Robin, but a futile one. Farewell. I hope the two of you are happy together. (the outlaws are in position) My compliments, Picard. I doubt Robin Hood himself could have done much better. Sadly enough, they're all fine, but my point is they could have been killed, and so might have you. All for the love of a maid. My debt to you, Picard, is paid. If you've learned how weak and vulnerable you really are, if you finally see how love has brought out the worst in you Oh, you're good. You're really good. Indeed. [Meeting room] (the delegates have all gone, and the crew are in their uniforms) After all, she has the entire universe to choose from. Now, Jean-Luc, let's not be unkind. We're going to have fun. I'm going to take her places no human has ever seen. She will not be harmed, Jean-Luc. I promise you that. Well, are you going to kiss her goodbye? All right. (Q vanishes) Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot my hat. (Q vanishes, Picard and Vash kiss)
Your progress, Q? Don't worry, Amanda. You can do it. [Shuttlebay two] (Amanda reveals that Q has disguised himself as a container)
Welcome to the afterlife, Jean-Luc. You're dead. I told you. You're dead. This is the afterlife, and I'm God. Blasphemy! You're lucky I don't cast you out, or smite you or something. The bottom line is, your life ended about five minutes ago, under the inept ministrations of Doctor Beverly Crusher. Very well. If you really require more evidence of your post-mortem status, I guess I'll just have to provide you some. Enough what? He's not the only one who'd like to have a word with you. These are the voices of all the people you've killed throughout the years. Death has made you a little dim, Jean-Luc. These are the voices of all the people who have died through your actions or your inactions. Now, if you have any words of apology or regret, I believe they're all listening. They're a surly bunch, actually, so don't drag this out too long. This is not for me. This is for you, Jean-Luc. This is your opportunity to make peace with your sordid past. Well, now that you've shuffled off the mortal coil, we're free to spend a little time together. Eternity. Now, you're sure you have no regrets or feelings of guilt about your former life? I can't have you whining and complaining through time. You wound me, Jean-Luc. After all, I was not the cause of your death. This was. (He holds up the contraption Kate Pulaski put in him all those seasons ago) Your artificial heart. You might have lived if you had a real one instead of this unreliable piece of technology. By the way, how did you lose yours anyway? Is that a regret I hear? Really? (A Nausicaan and a young man in old-style uniform are fighting. Then a second Nausicaan joins in, and a third stabs the man through the back. The blade sticks out of his chest. The young man falls to his knees, looks at the knife point and laughs, then falls to the floor.) It wasn't very smart of you to take on three Nausicaans, was it? And did I hear a laugh? It's so unlike you, Jean-Luc, to have a sense of humour, especially about getting stabbed through the back. Then you must have been far more interesting. Pity you had to change. So, if you had it to do all over again? Attention on deck, Ensign Picard. That's Captain Q to you, young man. This is no fantasy, I assure you. It's all very real. You're twenty one years old again. A brash young man, fresh out of the Academy. Well, to everyone else you do. Oh, you mortals are so obtuse. Why do you persist in believing that life and death are such static and rigid concepts. Why, I can take your life and give it back to you again with the snap of a finger. You said you regretted a great many things in your life. Well, here's a chance to change some of them. Please. Spare me your egotistical musings on your pivotal role in history. Nothing you do here will cause the Federation to collapse or galaxies to explode. To be blunt, you're not that important. Oh, very well. Since you attach so much importance to the continuity of time, I will give you my personal guarantee that nothing you do here will end up hurting anyone, or have an adverse affect on what you know of as history. The only thing at stake here is your life and your peace of mind. Now, whether you believe me or not, you are here, and you have a second chance. What you choose to do with it is entirely up to you. Do you know where you are? That's right. It's two days before your unfortunate encounter with a Nausicaan sword. You have that long to make whatever changes you wish. If you can avoid getting stabbed through the heart this time, which I doubt, I will take you back to what you think of as the present. And you can go on with your life with a real heart. Of course you'll die. It'll just be at a later time. Then you die on the table, and we spend eternity together. I'm glad you think so. I am curious about one thing, Johnny. Why did that rather attractive woman strike you just now? Something you said? I'd no idea you were such a cad. I'm impressed. Well, carry on. [Bonestell Facility bar] Penny for your thoughts? You never told me you were such a lady's man. Looks like your friends know how to have fun. You ought to take lessons. (The gang are playing a variation of pool where the ball bounces off coloured lights on the table) Excuse me. [Bonestell Facility casino] I see you've found your Nausicaan friend. You seem unimpaled so far. Ensign Zweller seems to be doing well. Really? I'm beginning to like these Nausicaans. And will you help your best friend avenge this injustice? Picard, you cheated? Picard, I'm impressed. That's a beautiful story. It gets you right here, doesn't it? Flowers! Is there a John Luck Pickard here? Did I interrupt anything sordid, I hope? Pity. She's quite attractive. Is that another regret I hear? My, my. We're simply riddled with regrets about our youth, now aren't we? But you wish it had been more than just friendship, don't you? Well, maybe you can change all that. I thought you'd like to know that Mister Zweller has decided not to take your advice. He's in the Bonestell Facility right now, rigging the table to beat the Nausicaan. I guess you weren't that persuasive. [Bonestell Facility casino] (Corey is under the don-jot table with a screwdriver) Morning, darling. Feeling a little jumpy this morning? Are we guilty, perhaps? No? We're just friends, Q, nothing more. So what's next? I'm sure. [Bonestell Facility bar] Well, let's see. You've managed to get slapped by one woman, a drink thrown in your face by another, and alienate your two best friends. Doing very well so far. The only thing left to avoid is getting stabbed through the heart. [Bonestell Facility casino] Congratulations, mon capitaine. You did it. (German accent) Vell, vell, vell. Vhat seems to be de trouble, Lieutenant Picard? I've done exactly as I promised. I've returned you to the present. Nothing has changed, Jean-Luc, except for you. But then again, that's what you wanted, wasn't it? To change the man you were in your youth? Well, you did it. This is the man you are today. And You should be happy. You have a real heart beating in your chest, and you get to live out the rest of your life in safety, running tests, making analyses, and carrying reports to your superiors. [Ten Forward] (Riker and Troi are at a table) I gave you something most mortals never experience. A second chance at life. And now all you can do is complain? Au contraire, he's the person you wanted to be. One who was less arrogant, and undisciplined as a youth. One who was less like me. The Jean-Luc Picard you wanted to be, the one who did not fight the Nausicaan, had quite a different career from the one you remember. That Picard never had a brush with death, never came face to face with his own mortality, never realised how fragile life is or how important each moment must be. So his life never came into focus. He drifted for much of his career, with no plan or agenda, going from one assignment to the next, never seizing the opportunities that presented themselves. He never lead the away team on Milika Three to save the ambassador, or take charge of the Stargazer's Bridge when its Captain was killed. And no one ever offered him a command. He learned to play it safe. And he never, ever got noticed by anyone. Are you asking me for something, Jean-Luc? Before you died in Sickbay. Is that what you want?
Mon capitane. I thought you'd never get here. It's Judge Q to you. And isn't it obvious what's going on? Seven years ago. How little do you mortals understand time. Must you be so linear, Jean-Luc? I believe my exact words were a dangerous, savage, child race. Oh, you'd like me to connect the dots for you, lead you from A to B to C so your puny mind can comprehend. How boring. They'd be so much more entertained if you tried to figure it out. I'll answer any ten questions that call for a yes or a no. Well? No. I'd have to say yes. Most definitely yes. No and no. Five down. Is it a Romulan plot? Is it a ploy to start a war? Those are separate questions. No, no, no. You're going to be so surprised when you realise where it came from, if you ever figure it out. I'll answer that question if you promise you won't tell anyone. (in Picard's ear) Yes. Sorry. That's not a yes or no question. You forfeit the rest of your questions. I expected as much. You're such a limited creature. A perfect example of why we made our decision. The trial never ended, Captain. We never reached a verdict. But now we have. You're guilty. Of being inferior. Seven years ago I said we'd be watching you, and we have been, hoping that your ape-like race would demonstrate some growth, give some indication that your minds have room for expansion. But what have we seen instead? You worrying about Commander Riker's career, listening to Counsellor Troi's pedantic psychobabble, indulging Data in his witless exploration of humanity. In your own paltry, limited way. You have no idea how far you still have to go. But instead of using the last seven years to change and to grow, you have squandered them. Oh, but it is, and we have. Time may be eternal, Captain, but our patience is not. It's time to put an end to your trek through the stars, make room for other more worthy species. You obtuse piece of flotsam. You are to be denied existence. Humanity's fate has been sealed. You will be destroyed. I? There you go again, always blaming me for everything. Well this time I'm not your enemy. I'm not the one that causes the annihilation of mankind. You are. That's right. You're doing it right now. You did it before and you'll do it again. He doesn't understand. I have only myself to blame, I suppose. I believed in you. I thought you had potential. But apparently I was wrong. May whatever god you believe in have mercy on your soul. This court stands adjourned. [Bridge] Eh? What was that she said, sonny? I couldn't quite hear her. Where's your mommy? Well, I don't know. There is an answer, Jean-Luc, but I can't hand it to you. Although you do have help. You're not alone, you know. What you were and what you are to become will always with you. You're forgetting, Jean-Luc. You destroy humanity. It's a pretty big decision, Jean-Luc. Tinkering with an anomaly you know nothing about, trying to collapse it. Isn't that risky? Maybe. On the other hand, maybe leaving it alone would be the wrong thing to do. It's a pretty big decision, all right. Would it help to have a different perspective? [Primordial Earth] Welcome home. Don't you recognise your old stomping grounds? This is Earth, France, about, oh, three and a half billion years ago, give or take an eon or two. Smells awful, doesn't it? All that sulphur and volcanic ash. I really must speak to the maid. Look. (a purple sky is dominated by a swirling white) At this point in history the anomaly fills your entire quadrant of the galaxy. Come here. There's something I want to show you. You see this? (a sludge filled pond) This is you. I'm serious. Right here, life is about to form on this planet for the very first time. A group of amino acids are about to combine and form the first protein, the building blocks of what you call life. Strange, isn't it? Everything you know, your entire civilisation, it all begins right here in this little pond of goo. Appropriate, somehow, isn't it? Too bad you didn't bring your microscope. It's really quite fascinating. Oh, look, there they go. The amino acids are moving closer and closer, and closer. Oh! Nothing happened. See what you've done? Congratulations. [Past - Engineering] Two down, one to go. Goodbye, Jean-Luc. I'm going to miss you. You had such potential. But then again, all good things must come to an end. The Continuum didn't think you had it in you, Jean-Luc, but I knew you did. Is that all this meant to you? Just another spatial anomaly? Just another day at the office? Well, you're here, aren't you? You're talking to me, aren't you? The anomaly. My crew. My ship. I suppose you're worried about your fish, too. Well, if it puts your mind at ease, you've saved humanity once again. For what? I was the one that got you into it. A directive from the Continuum. The part about the helping hand, thought, was my idea. You just don't get it, do you, Jean-Luc? The trial never ends. We wanted to see if you had the ability to expand your mind and your horizons. And for one brief moment, you did. Exactly. For that one fraction of a second, you were open to options you had never considered. That is the exploration that awaits you. Not mapping stars and studying nebulae, but charting the unknowable possibilities of existence. You'll find out. In any case, I'll be watching. And if you're very lucky, I'll drop by to say hello from time to time. See you out there. [Corridor] (Troi and Worf are about to kiss when Picard comes out of the turbolift in his dressing gown)
