Quite ready, Commander. Actually, I brought it for Doctor Crusher. But perhaps you would like you to see it first? A form of life. It was discovered accidentally by a survey team on an uncharted planet. Oh, you'll be hearing about it shortly, but first there remains much scientific study to be done. After all, it is a superior form of life. Totally. Come, have a look. It won't like your Science Officer. It does like you! Vitamins. They do wonders for the body. (There's a very one-sided fight - Quinn easily throws Riker around the room)
And you, Captain. I won't be able to attend dinner, I'm afraid, but I would like to see the ship and say hello again, Captain. Yes, Commander, quite ready. Energise, Mister Remmick. [Transporter room] Good to see you. Hello again, Commander. Never felt better in my life. Tired of life I was, but not anymore. I'm ready for new challenges now. What about another look at this ship? [Corridor] Is that why you're here? Because of what I said? But Jean-Luc, you took me far too literally. I was only referring to the problems involved in assimilating new races into the Federation. It's an ongoing, tumultuous process which can cause stress and strain on every aspect of our alliance. It's not for you to apologise. If I led you up the garden path, I humbly ask your forgiveness. Now, gentlemen, you have a dinner to attend to, while I would like to go and freshen up before I look around a little bit more. That's outstanding. It's really not necessary. I may want to stay a while, Jean-Luc. Quite ready, Commander. Actually, I brought it for Doctor Crusher. But perhaps you would like you to see it first? A form of life. It was discovered accidentally by a survey team on an uncharted planet. Oh, you'll be hearing about it shortly, but first there remains much scientific study to be done. After all, it is a superior form of life. Totally. Come, have a look. It won't like your Science Officer. It does like you! Vitamins. They do wonders for the body. (There's a very one-sided fight - Quinn easily throws Riker around the room) It's good thing you're here. He slipped and hit his head. Your Doctor Crusher is most capable. I'm sure he'll be all right. Now if you'll excuse me, my time here is most limited. Now, Klingon, it's between you and me. (Worf's double handed blows have no effect. Quinn floors him easily) Do Klingons fear death as much as humans? I could snap your neck in a second, but it wouldn't be as much fun. (Three sustained bursts from Beverly's phaser finally put Quinn down)
Thank you. Captain Jean Luc Picard, Lieutenant Commander Dexter Remmick. I need to speak with you. Alone. Official business. Alone, Captain. [Ready room] Commander Remmick is with the Inspector General's office. He'll be conducting a full investigation of the Enterprise. I have reason to believe there may be something very wrong on this ship. It's inappropriate to discuss it at this time. Mister Remmick, Starfleet is counting on you. You will find out what is wrong on this ship. And you, Captain, are ordered to cooperate in every way necessary with this investigation. Is that clear? Mister Remmick, unless there are any further questions. Get on with your duties. Captain, it is vitally important that my orders be followed exactly. I'll be staying on the ship. I need a little more time, Jean-Luc. Remmick's full report is almost ready. That has always been my intention. Commander Remmick, report to Admiral Quinn. I know. Believe me, Jean Luc, I regret that, but it has been necessary. [Classroom] (The dynamics relationships test is on the screens, and there are a lot of beeps going on) Please sit down, Mister Remmick. Proceed with your report. Continue. Quite. You're dismissed, Commander. Don't judge the young man too harshly. He's a good officer. Don't judge me too harshly either, until I've finished. We had to be very sure of you. Some of us at Starfleet Command became suspicious of certain problems in the Federation. Something or someone is trying to destroy the fabric of everything we've built up in the last two hundred years. I can't go into that. There are too many people involved. I don't know whether the threat comes from the inside or whether it's from outside. I need people I can trust in strong positions throughout the Federation. That's not enough. I want to promote you to Admiral, and I want you to take over as Commandant of Starfleet Academy. Yes. I need you close. No, but I had to be sure you hadn't been co-opted. All right. Even if I am wrong, and I hope I am, you're still the best man for the job. I need an answer soon. Wish I could convince you to change your mind. This is where you belong. I've been playing politics too long. Perhaps I see conspiracies everywhere. Don't worry. Safe travels, my friend. [Bridge]
