(male) We're trying to make you listen. Captain, according to our research, warp fields cause a dangerous reaction in this region of space. If something isn't done, our planet will become uninhabitable. Their resources are limited. It would have taken over a year before they dispatched a science ship to come and evaluate our work. We dispersed verteron probes in the Corridor merely to disable warp-driven ships. Nothing more. My sister and I do not wish to impede your rescue process. Serova. We will do as you ask, Captain. But please, re-examine our data. Commander, I know my sister can be somewhat, er, aggravating. But please, try to understand. She believes profoundly in this cause. She has sworn to dedicate her life to exposing the dangers of warp drive. And you sound just like I did, about four years ago. No. What I didn't realise was just how brilliant my sister is. It took two years of study for me even to grasp the principles behind her theoretical models. They're that sophisticated. Well I hope so, because once we persuade Starfleet to stop warp travel through the Corridor, we're going to have to convince our own people to give up warp drive completely. Yes. And if you were in my position, I hope you'd be willing to do the same thing. [Stellar Cartography] Commander, we believe the warp field effect is cumulative. Each starship that passes through the Corridor at warp brings us one step closer to forming a rift. Captain, I appreciate the opportunity you're giving us. It's a beginning that we need I don't know. Captain, may I speak to her? Serova, what are you trying to do? No! Of course, Captain. I don't know. (Enterprise shakes) Perhaps. Computer, scan the rift for regions of low instability. (off the monitor display) There's no area stable enough to withstand a warp pulse. It's a subspace instability outside the rift. Commander, I'm going to begin a field enhanced scan of this sector. I'd like to take a closer look at this. Commander. Thank you. I'm trying to tell myself that she died for what she believed in, but somehow that isn't much comfort. No. You didn't miss anything. The problem was time. We needed more time to do the proper research. Serova wasn't willing to wait. I don't think we can look at space travel the same way anymore. We're going to have to change. It won't be easy at all. [Bridge] Based on current warp drive patterns in the sector, we've projected where subspace rifts will be most likely to be formed over the next forty years. This is the way things are now. This is how they'll look in ten years. Twenty years. Thirty years. Forty years. (the monitor display moves up to almost total blue subspace rifts) The gravitational shifts have already begun to affect my planet's orbit. Our climate is changing.
