We mean no harm. I'm Radue, First Appointee to Aldea. And a personal invitation to a celebration on Aldea. We will prepare for your arrival, Commander Riker. Your name? We've been monitoring your ship's communications. We must return now to Aldea. Our eyes are very sensitive to bright light. Rashella. (They vanish again) We are ready to receive you, Commander Riker, and two of your colleagues? (Riker, Troi and Crusher disappear) I hope Duana and I know how to greet you properly, Commander. [Bridge] Yes, we are an ancient power, Commander, but we've suffered for it. Our history is littered with the deaths of those Aldeans who wanted more and more things. Nothing was ever enough. So we've evolved a very simple way of living. For whatever is taken, something is given in return. It's brought us peace. Unfortunately, there are very few of us left to enjoy it. That is part of what we wish to discuss. We need help from the Federation to rebuild our heritage. We need a younger generation, strong and healthy, following in the Aldean traditions. Because we have no children, Commander. Rashella was the last child born on this planet. We propose a trade. One which will solve our problem and give something back to the Federation. We need some of your children. In payment, we will give you information that would take you centuries to acquire. And that's your final answer? I am sorry you are intransigent. (Rashella beams them away) [Bridge] Captain, your children are with us. My word of honour, no harm will ever come to them. Captain, let us begin discussions regarding appropriate compensation. Captain, we will continue these discussions when you've calmed down. [First Unit] Greetings, Wesley Crusher. The Custodian indicated that you would be the leader. The Custodian is not a person. Wesley, all of you have been chosen because you are special. Just ask for anything you want, and you shall have it. (Alexandra, a self-willed red head, goes up to Rashella and shakes her hand) [Observation lounge] Come in. Don't be alarmed. The other children have been assigned to their units. A unit is a group where those of similar talents and interests live together. Yes, you could call it that. We are keeping nothing from him. Katie. Melian is the foremost musician on Aldea. Wesley, sometimes something happens which you just must accept. You and the other children are now members of this society. That will not change. It is up to you to make the transition as easy as possible for the others. It's your duty, because you are their leader. Help them to accept it because nothing you, or those on the starship can do will change it. Because like you, we also have no choice. (Alexandra and Rashella come running in, playing) Where have you been Rashella? Zena and Aran are waiting to take Alexandra. No? I told you that she Captain Picard? Are you ill, Captain? Very well. No. We're here to negotiate appropriate compensation, not to pander to emotions. Please sit. Why do you want them back so badly? You can always have more. Returning the children is non-negotiable. But they will. Our inability to bear children is a genetic dysfunction. It's not contagious. For us, the problem is solved. And we're offering you information on areas of the galaxy you do not even know exist. What more can we offer? What more would you like? You are a stubborn people. Ah, well, that too can be a positive trait. You may see him. [Wesley's room] (Duana shows Beverly in) Captain Picard, you have our offer. It is final. Rashella. [Bridge] Captain, we want you to understand the nature of your choice. A small demonstration of our power. (Something whizzes around the planet and knocks the Enterprise spinning out of orbit, into deep space) Captain, if you don't accept our terms, the Enterprise will be pushed so far away that by the time you return, your children will be grandparents. Captain's log, stardate 41512.4. We are twenty hours away from Aldea, and no closer to a solution. Their deliberate show of force pushed us out of orbit and could have easily disintegrated the ship. [Music Unit] (Melian is showing Katie how to play his electronic instrument) Welcome back, Captain. What have you decided? We will bring you down when we are ready. We need very little. Captain, you may come down now to conclude our discussions, or your ship may leave. It's your choice. Before we begin, Captain, you must speak with the children. It seems they are on some sort of strike. I don't understand it. You must deal with this, Captain. I'm not very good with children. What is this? No. They're staying. You're trying to confuse the issue. It's impossible. Our scientists would have known. No. All lies. Rashella, they're just protecting their own interests. Lies, and the discussion is over. (He tries his arm device, but nothing happens) You have destroyed us. What is it? Learn, all over again. All this time we've been destroying ourselves, so sure of our technological invulnerability. Now we must learn to use this power safely. Yes. Please. [Corridor]
