And I'm Devinoni Ral. (a handsome human with a woman hanging onto his arm) My good friend Mendoza means that I'm a negotiator who serves a variety of clients. On this particular occasion I represent the Chrysalians. Should I call for an appointment ? Well, that's too bad. I thought you might be thinking about me. In recess. I never play the opening rounds, anyway. Inconsequential. Besides there are much better things to negotiate on this ship. Like dinner tonight? My travelling companion is travelling. I sent her home. You know why. Don't do that. Don't do Counsellor Troi. Yes, you were. When you leave this office, who are you? Oh. So that's how it goes. You never do. You never do leave the office. Shush. (He strokes her hair) Dinner at eight? [Ready room] Much better. Ah, Federation decor. Well, conformity is not my style. I'd even like another. There she is again, Counsellor Troi. For two. Am I moving too fast for you? I like that better. You must have had a nice day. Very late. (as he picks her up and carries her -) [Sickbay] (Mendoza staggers in) Commander, I realise what a difficult position this must be for you. If you don't understand something, I hope you won't be too embarrassed to ask me. Well, that's what makes it so interesting. The rules of the game change to fit the moment. Well, Mister Riker's placed a great deal of emphasis on defence, a subject he obviously knows well, having served Starfleet in a number of conflicts. Now, the Chrysalians, we're enemies to no one, and we choose to remain that way. Neutral. No one would claim that the Chrysalians are as powerful as the mighty Federation, but we have resources, and technology, and scientists too. But we also have had peace for ten generations. [Troi's quarters] (Troi is getting a personal foot massage) You know, I was thinking. Maybe I could stretch out these negotiations for a few days. Would you like that? Well, what do your Betazoid senses tell you about me? Good. I rather like it that I'm more difficult to read than your other men. What about Commander Riker? No one. No one. I just sensed something when I saw the two of you together. Ah ha. (she pushes him down and straddles him) Ah. Don't you have enough people talk about their lives to you? Who counsels the Counsellor? I'm what you see right now. Just me, wanting to run away with you, but knowing you'd never leave this damned ship. Does it matter? Well, it will when I tell you. But you must promise never to tell anyone else. I am part Betazoid too. My mother was one half, I am one quarter. The only one of five children. I must admit I was never as comfortable sensing emotions as you seem to be. Yes. I learned to live with it, use it, as you have. But still, it isolates us, doesn't it? And I thought it would always would, so I tucked my heart away. I didn't need it, I didn't want it. At the negotiating table, it can be fatal to have a heart. But I never realised how much I needed mine until I looked at you. [Shuttlecraft] To be honest, I was surprised to see the Caldonians here at all, Leyor. Oh, no, no, not at all. Not at all. On the contrary, I've respected your world's commitment to pure research. It's just that, well. Well, scholars don't always enjoy administrative demands. And certainly we've seen here that the administration of the wormhole is Yes. Yes, I'm sure you have, Leyor. I'm sure we all have. Do you realise that in the next century, the number of ships that will pass [Observation lounge] Some people just don't wish to transact business with the Federation, Commander. The Chrysalians hereby add the Caldonian trillium 323 to its bid, Premier. [Shuttlepod] Well, the opening was there. I took it Let me tell you something about Commander Riker. He's good. He's the most dangerous man in the room to me. Our edge. You make it sound unethical. Deanna, it's just business. Because I find it makes people uncomfortable. Well, I gained an advantage by using it with you. You didn't seem to mind that. Look, Deanna, the point of negotiating is to take advantage. I don't know what the other side is offering, and they don't know what I'm offering. So we dance around each other until somebody wins. I never cry foul when I lose. Well, people have been doing that for thousands of years, just by listening carefully, by watching body language. I just happen to be better at it. You do it. Oh, so you announce it to every alien culture you encounter? Or do you use it to give your side an advantage. Do you tell the Romulan that's about to attack that you sense that he may be bluffing? Or do you just tell it to your Captain? Yes, protection. Your protection, your Captain, your crew, your edge. Yes. Now it's a matter of life and death when you take the advantage. Me, I deal in property. Exchanges. No body gets hurt. So you tell me, which one of us would you say has more of a problem with ethics? Excuse me. [Ten Forward] May I join you, Commander? Think I should give it a try? You know, you're very good at this. Very good. Much better than you realise. The last mile of the marathon is always the toughest. That's when the winners are willing to take the big risks. Are you willing to do that? Well, let's see now. I'm prepared to reach a firm agreement with Bhavani before we learn the outcome of your probe's expedition. Are you? Well, well, well. That would not be looked upon favourably by the Federation, I'd imagine. See, you have to be willing to take that last step alone or it just isn't worth playing. Oh, I see that, Commander, I see that. Otherwise you wouldn't be second in command of this starship. You know, I feel responsible for you in a way. Related. Deanna. We both love Deanna. Oh, in different ways, of course. Of course it does. Of course it does. It's just that, well, she's an extraordinary woman. Brilliant. Lovely. Very passionate. And she could have been yours, Will, but you just didn't do enough to keep her. And now, well, I'm here, and I'm going to take her too. Excuse me for saying so under the circumstances, Premier, but this fight is really between the Federation and the Ferengi. Now it seems unconscionable that your wormhole is being used as a pawn in their power struggle. [Bridge] Captain, I believe I am in a better position to settle this with DaiMon Goss than you are. May I address him? DaiMon Goss, this is Devinoni Ral. Well then, just listen. The planet Barzan has reached an agreement with the Chrysalians for long term control of the wormhole. Now on behalf of the Chrysalians, I am prepared to offer the Ferengi free access to the wormhole in perpetuity. Yes, my word, sir, in exchange for Ferengi convoy privileges to be negotiated in good faith. No, not at all. Well, after all, it was a very tense situation. Pardon me, Captain, I believe there's a slight conflict of interest here. I take the risks, Mister Riker, and I stand by my agreements. [Troi's quarters] Soon. I've been recalled by the Chrysalians. Explanations demanded and so forth. I've done well for them over the years. They understand the stakes. It'll be fine. I had to do it, Troi. Bhavani was ready to go with the Federation. I sensed it. I'd used up every card in the deck. I needed to change the rules. My human physical response must have been blocking my Betazoid senses. I'm very grateful for what you did, in a way. It's made me take a hard look at who I am. I don't like what I see. I once asked you to run away with me. Now I'm asking again. I need you. You could help me change. You could be my conscience. (he kisses her)
