American? What year is this? What? My heart, is it? It worked. I made it. Yes, several cryonics companies fell into disrepute because of power failures which adversely affected their refrigeration system. Their stocks were severely depressed. I, for one, never had a doubt. My stock in this company must have split at least a dozen times by now. I need to make a phone call as soon as possible. Yes. I have provided for myself. I have a substantial portfolio. It's critical that I check on it. Let the bank know that I am alive and well. Well, do you at least have a copy of The Wall Street Journal? With whom were you speaking? Good. Would you tell him I would like to see him as soon as it's convenient? Well, get him in here. I have to phone Geneva right away about my accounts. The interest alone could be enough to buy this ship. Captain Picard? Ralph Offenhouse. [Guest lounge] I need to talk to you. [Ready room] I'm sick and tired of being put off [Guest lounge] By you and your staff. This is the worst run ship I have ever been on. [Ready room] You should take some lessons from the QE Two. Now that's an efficient operation. Captain Picard, I demand that you see me. I think I have been very, very patient. [Guest lounge] I demand a phone, or a radio whatever else you have. Frankly, enough is enough. Especially under the circumstances, and considering what I paid for this procedure! I must make contact with my law (Picard enters) Excellent. Now, maybe we'll be able to get some things straightened out. If they are so important, why don't they need an executive key? Now just a minute. I'm sure whatever it is seems very important to you, but my situation is far more critical. Believe me, I'm fully cognisant of where I am, and when. It is simply that I have more to protect than a man in your position could possibly imagine. No offence, but a military career has never been considered to be upwardly mobile. I must contact my lawyer. Yes, of course I know that, but he was a full partner in a very important firm. Rest assured, that firm is still operating. You've got it all wrong. It's never been about possessions. It's about power. To control your life, your destiny. Really? I'm here, aren't I? I should be dead but I'm not. (Clare starts weeping) Captain. I didn't mean to come on so strong. It's just that I've built my whole life on knowing what's going on. For the first time I feel completely out of touch. It's making me crazy. You can understand that? I have spent my career being able to tell when the other guy's mouth is dry. There is something going on here. Something serious. The tension level on this ship has jumped up. I'm trying to tell you that there is a situation developing on this vessel that directly affects us, and all you can talk about is that stupid guitar! That may be all right for you, but I am not willing to allow my fate to be decided by others. I at least want to know what is going on. [Bridge] Ah, let's see. I want to go to the, er. Where would the Captain be? Well then, take me to the main Bridge. [Bridge] Who the hell are they? I'm not going anywhere. I can believe that. They haven't got a clue. They're hoping you know, but they're too arrogant to ask. Then what will happen to us? There's no trace of my money. My office is gone. What will I do? How will I live? Then what's the challenge?
