Good day, Mister Hill. My name is Cyrus Redblock. I hope you don't mind us dropping in. (A very poor, skinny version of Sydney Greenstreet) Life is an endless stream of choices. Unfortunately, you have chosen to make my life more difficult. I don't suppose you'd be foolish enough to hide it here. Still, I'm sure you won't mind if we take a look around. Good manners, Madam, are never a waste of time. Civility, gentlemen, always civility. Get that stiff out of here. From his pallor, he soon will be. The room next door will be good enough for now. Which one struck you? For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. A Newtonian truism which you have obviously neglected. I'm a tolerant man, but I do not tolerate disrespect. What have we here? Yeah. Where do you suppose he's from? I've been all over this world and I've never seen anything like you. Very, very, good. What wonderful fiction. Quite entertaining. I admire your skill at trying to obfuscate our sense of reality. What an interesting situation. Perhaps we should test this theory by killing one of them. Hardly. Senseless killing is immoral. But killing for a purpose can be quite often ingenious. We are on a quest for knowledge, Mister Leech. We want the item. No, kill the woman. At last. I knew it. God, man, you are a character you are. Waiting until the last moment, testing my resolve. All right, where is it? Put the gun down, Mister Leech. Maybe later. It won't harm us to listen to Mister Hill. All right, let's begin. Make your thoughts fruitful and your words eloquent. Because I don't have to tell you your lovely lady friend's life depends upon it. By God, I knew you were a man of stripe. All right, what is it? Computer? I don't know that word. Remarkable. Is this a two-way passage? Can one enter your world and return to this one simply by stepping through? You really are a scamp, aren't you. Do you actually think I'd stay here One look at you, sir, is proof that anything is possible. Step back, Mister Hill. I'd shoot you myself, but I don't want to deprive my assistant of his greatest pleasure. After we've gone, kill them all. Make sure the bodies are never found. Why not? I've done it before. Come on, Mister Leech. Au revoir et bonne chance, mon ami. Our destiny awaits. [Corridor] Another world. A whole new world to plunder! (Leech looks down. They disappearing from the feet upwards) What is this? What are they doing? They can't do this to me! Don't they know who I am? I'm Cyrus Redblock! Cyrus Redblock! (The corridor is now empty) [Hill's office] (Data takes the gun off the Thug, and squeezes the barrel closed)
