Sir. Yes, sir. Nothing and no one will stand in my way. No questions, sir. Yes, sir. (Remmick leaves) Keep on doing whatever it is you're doing, Commander Data. When I'm ready, Mister Riker, I'll want to speak with you. Privately. I want some answers from you now, Commander Riker. You were ordered to cooperate Are you available now, Mister Riker? Or do you still have duties to perform? Any problem with using your Ready room, Captain? If you prefer to stand, fine, Mister Riker. It won't have an effect on the length of my inquiry. (Riker sits) Now, there are several seeming discrepancies in the Captain's log. Let's go over them one by one, shall we? Yes. To the best of your knowledge, has the Captain ever falsified a log? Right now, I'm asking you. You are required to answer my questions, Mister Riker, unless you're trying to cover something up! Now, there are several discrepancies in the Captain's log. Shall we go over them one by one? So, you are saying Captain Picard had no control over this vessel. He handed it over to Kosinski, who took the entire crew to the edge of the universe. According to his own logs, his Bridge crew didn't think highly of Mister Kosinski's theories, yet the Captain allowed him to access to the engines anyway. Is that true, La Forge? One way or the other, La Forge, Picard lost control of this ship. Is that true? So, the answer is yes. [Ready room] Do you believe the captain is emotionally and psychologically fit for command of this starship? There is nothing in his history or his personality that would suggest mental lapses? Not even the Ferengi incident with his old ship, the Stargazer? I would call that a mental lapse. [Holodeck] (There is no programme running) Unauthorised? Isn't the area secured? Kid? Captain, you are completely responsible for that boy's life. (amongst others) Yeah! How did he do it? I thought Very original, Captain. But how did that child acquire access to a shuttlecraft? And did this full training include discipline? I'll note that in my report. You're an android, correct? And as an android, you are programmed to tell the entire truth? There is a problem with this ship, Mister Data. It's in the records, somewhere. I need your help to find it. This information is very cleverly hidden. Your Captain is not what he appears to be. Do not forget you have loyalty to Starfleet above all else. That is not acceptable, Mister Data. Just how did this contaminant get aboard the ship? Meaning Captain Picard has no standing procedure for this type of situation? You don't like me very much, do you? How would you characterise your relationship with Captain Picard? Everything said here is confidential, Doctor. You can be completely open with me. About how you feel serving with a man who is responsible for the death of your husband. Then you confirm the accuracy of the log report. You violated the Prime Directive with the Edo. You deliberately interfered with their laws. All to save Doctor Crusher's son? Are you afraid if I keep looking that I'll find you're guilty? Sir? Admiral, I've done my best to be thorough during this investigation. I couldn't find what you asked, sir. I spoke to officer after officer, at length. I pried into the ships log reports. And yet I could find nothing wrong. Except, perhaps, a casual familiarity among the Bridge crew, but mostly that comes from a sense of teamwork, and the feeling of family. I'm sorry, sir. I did my best. Yes, sir. Captain Picard, my tour in the Inspector General's office will be up in six months. When I'm finished, this is where I'd like to serve, sir. (No reply, and Remmick leaves)
Are you ready to beam up to the Enterprise, sir? Under less than ideal circumstances. It's nice to see you again, Captain. It usually is. Tonight's a quiet night. Excuse me, gentlemen. (Remmick leaves) Sorry to interrupt. Dinner is served. Your food is getting cold, Captain. Can I help you, gentlemen? Is there any trouble here? Perhaps if you'd tell me what it is You don't understand. We mean you no harm. We seek peaceful co-existence. (So Riker and Picard shoot him and as his body falls apart, the alien inside him that spawns the parasites looks out at them. So they kill that too) Captain's log, stardate 41780.2. How difficult after all these years of learning to respect life, to be forced to destroy it. But there seems to be no alternative. Admiral Quinn is expected to make a full recovery. There is no trace of the parasite which took control of him. We'll never know how many of these life forms infiltrated Starfleet, but it seems they could not survive without the mother creature which had taken over Commander Remmick. [Bridge]
We seek peaceful co-existence. (T'Jon attacks Riker. Quinn shoots at Picard and Riker at Starfleet Headquarters. They set Autodestruct again. Data tries to fix the computer in Naked Now. Armus grabs him again. He fights Klag. 'Autodestruct'. The Loud as a Whisper assassin gets killed. Klag's head goes into the computer panel. 'Now'. The Lantree goes Bang. 'Now'. Batris goes Boom. Remmick and the parasites get phasered to atoms. 'Now.' Tsiolkovsky gets smashed by the stellar matter.) [Sickbay]
