You've all seen my experimental data. The metaphasic shield has been proven. I need help to develop the shield. I am willing to grant exclusive rights to whoever provides the necessary resources. But it has! Not only in countless simulations, but in a field test that I conducted myself. Are you accusing me of falsifying my data? I will take it into the corona of the star Vaytan. What better way to test my invention? I'm not concerned. The shield will hold. I am gratified, Doctor Jo'Bril. And there will be no difficulty in operating the metaphasic controls. The system will activate automatically as you approach the star. Thanks to you, Doctor. This is an opportunity I would never have had without you, and I promise you, I'll never forget it. Well, if there's anything I'm used to, it's scepticism. After all, a Ferengi scientist is almost a contradiction in terms. No, don't deny it. I know how the Ferengi are regarded. The metaphasic shield is a breakthrough in technology. Many scientists have tried to develop it. It's only natural that there would be some resistance. I'm really not interested in competition. All I want is to be acknowledged. Respected as a scientist. This invention will finally do that. The metaphasic shielding has begun to form. That should have no effect on the shuttle cabin. Those are from the subspace field that's encapsulating the shuttle. The levels are well within acceptable parameters. You see, Doctors? Metaphasic shielding is a reality. Doctor Jo'Bril, can you give us an estimate of the plasma turbulence? (Jo'Bril doesn't look too well through the interference) Doctor Jo'Bril? No! That's not possible. I don't understand. This shouldn't be happening. Run another diagnostic on the EPS flow regulator. What about the field emitter coil? Has it maintained polarity? The radial force compensator? No. I don't understand it. There must be something we've overlooked. No, that's not possible. I anticipated every contingency. My shield was not at fault. CRUSHER [OC]: Reyga seemed angry, but I knew it was because he was so disappointed. Everything he'd worked for, hoped for, was slipping away. [Science lab] Doctor Crusher, please, if I could have a little more time to investigate I know I could find what went wrong. Just one more test. I will pilot the shuttle myself. Very well. But I will prove myself.
