Who are you? That's not possible. I'm Will Riker. Eight years ago, I led a team to evacuate this station. The Potemkin. I was the last one out. The distortion field must have interfered with the transport. They lost their signal lock on me. When I tried to contact the ship, I couldn't get through the interference. If you check with Starfleet I'm sure they will have recorded that I was lost on that day. You don't believe me? Of course. I was doing some repairs under the station when an earthquake hit. I got caught in a rockslide. I had to set it myself. Lieutenant Will Riker. Yes, sir. I am Will Riker. I don't know who or what made it back to the Potemkin that day, but it wasn't me. I will. The replicators on the station haven't worked for a long time ago. It's been a while since I've had a decent meal. Doctor. [Observation lounge] Come in. Imzadi. I never thought I'd see you again. You're on board because of him. Like yesterday. The Janaran Falls on Betazed. And we were going to meet on Risa, six weeks later. I know. I know that too. 'For exceptional valour during the evacuation of the research station on Nervala Four'. I looked at his service record. I had a lot of time on my hands when I was down on that station. There were days I felt so alone I thought I might lose my mind. Do you know how I made it through? I thought if I hung on for more day, they'd rescue me. Maybe I'd see you again. I guess things don't always work out the way you expect them to. Thanks. I reconfigured that computer so many times they probably can't make heads or tails of it. I'd be happy to help. Absolutely. Deanna. I know it's been a long time since we've been together, and I know your feelings have changed. Mine haven't. I can't just give up. I'd like to be with you again. I'm sorry, I was I've shut down most of the consoles to save power. I re-routed just about everything through here. I shunted the database to the main core underneath the station. There's been a lot of seismic activity over the years. If the servo-links were damaged we may not be able to. I'll try to tap into the command pathways. You see if you can access and disable the file server. (Riker 2 goes under a console while Number One sits on a chair) I'm sure he'll be thrilled to know there are two of us now. I've been able to get by for a long time without seeing him. I'm not about to start now. What made you contact him? What did he say when you turned down your own command? For once he and I agree on something. I've accessed the command pathways. The interlink pathways are functioning now. The servo-link must be damaged. We're going to have to go under the station and access the core directly. I'll stay here. I'll be finished by the time the third window opens. I've been down there dozens of times. I know my way around. You go ahead. I'll be finished by the time you get back. The Janaran falls. I made it a couple of years ago down on the station. You should have seen the first two. It took a while to get a fine enough beam out of the phaser. Can you stay and talk? I wanted to remember our last night together. Great. Strange. For a long time I did whatever I wanted, whenever I wanted. It's been hard taking orders again. But I guess I'll have to get used to it if I want to get my career going again. Remember, I'm the one who wanted to make Captain by the time I was thirty five. I'm a little behind schedule, I'll admit that. I do. Things are a little more complicated than I had planned, but there's nothing going to stand in the way of my getting what I want. Thanks. You don't know how many times I thought about you, about us. For weeks after the evacuation, I kept thinking they'd find a way through the distortion field and come back for me. I even thought we'd meet on Risa like we planned. But days went by and nobody came. Then I realised why. They thought that I had been killed in the beam out. No one came down because they thought there was no one to come down for. So I figured that they'd had a memorial service for me. Somehow that made me feel better. You were there, all dressed in black. Very flattering on you, by the way. Sometimes I would look up into the sky and I'd think, if I tried hard enough, I could make you feel my presence. That if I could let you know that I was alive, maybe you'd wait for me. I know it sounds crazy, but there were times when I could've sworn. What am I talking about? You didn't have to. I knew. Sir. I tried talking to you yesterday on the station. You wouldn't hear me out. May I ask what the Captain decided? Isn't it? Yes, sir. Some form of tai chi chuan? The forms are very similar. Do that move again. (she does, and he copies) Tai chi chuan. It's called the crane block. Now let's try something else. (he does a move that reaches out to her, she takes the arm, bends it back and rolls him onto his back) What was that called? Mister Worf's a very good teacher. (and now she has him on the floor, lips connect in a prelude to horizontal jogging) [Ten Forward] I thought you'd be alone. Excuse me. Three. please. Fifty. You didn't take any cards. You must be holding something. Why not make it a little sweeter? Playing it safe? Here's your ten, and it will cost you another one hundred. I thought if one thing were clear by now, it's that you and I play things a little differently. I thought you were willing to settle for second. Commander. Here's your twenty. Three hundred more. Are you in or not? Take it. You always had the better hand, in everything. [Troi's quarters] Hi. I'm sorry to just stop by like this but there's something I'd like to talk to you about. (he enters) Captain Picard made has some inquiries. He managed to get me a posting on the Gandhi. And considering how long I've been out of commission, it's an amazing opportunity. In about a week. Deanna. After I've served for six months, I'm eligible to bring family aboard. If we got married I know. I was just held up for a while. I wouldn't've made the mistake of leaving you. I know that much. I would never hurt you, Deanna. If the situation were different, I'd stay. But I can't. Not while he's aboard. Are you saying it's over? Goodnight. Captain's log, supplemental. The third transport window has opened and the away team is making their final attempt at retrieving the database. [Research station] Once we restore the servo link, you can shunt the database up to this console. Are you ready, Commander Data? I thought Commander Data's expertise. This is it. There's the core, over there. Your orders, sir. How would you like me to get over there, sir? Yes, sir. I do. (they head through the scaffolding, then Riker 2's tricorder beeps) It's leaking ion radiation. It wasn't here before. This must have just happened recently. If we have to repair this conduit, we won't have time to access that computer core. (Riker 1 goes to a wall panel and pulls a switch. Something switches off) It's working. The radiation levels are dropping to normal. Let go! One of us has to get out of here. Come in. That's right. It'll take us four months just to get there. I guess I'm not surprised to hear that. Come in. It's all right. Thanks. I actually thought I might go with the name Thomas. Well, I sort of like it. I guess I'd better get going. (Riker 2 tenderly kisses Deanna farewell) I waited a long time. I guess I can wait a little longer. (to Riker) Take care of her. (Riker 2 leaves. Riker holds out his hand to Deanna, and they leave arm in arm) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
