Kevin! Kevin, what are you doing? Can't you see they're here to help us? Can't you see they're human? We'd almost given up hope. We were afraid maybe the whole Federation had been attacked. (in the background, Riker is released from the snare) It's been days since we've seen or heard from anybody. No, don't. Don't tell me that we're the only ones. I'm Rishon Uxbridge and this is my husband Kevin. I'll make everyone a nice cup of tea. We have lovely tea here on Rana. It grows wild nearly every (realises) Go ahead, pick it up. It's a music box. It's been in my family for generations. (As Data watches the little man and woman dance, Troi hears the tune in her quarters on the Enterprise) But I haven't finished fixing your tea, Commander. What do you mean, pack? Kevin, I can't leave my home. Don't let them do this to us. We'll be fine, Commander. We have each other. [Observation lounge] Kevin, you know we do. Thank you, Captain. Kevin and I were about to have afternoon tea. You and Mister Worf must join us. Kevin Uxbridge, I have never turned anyone away from this house, and I'm not going to start now. Captain. Kevin and I first saw each other on a ship at sea. He was a starving student with this threadbare suit and mismatched shoes. I was travelling with my parents who did not like the way that he kept hanging around. Two hours after I met him, I asked him to marry me. And he knew I was serious. I don't think that he has ever recovered from that day. (A suction sound as Worf drains the tiny cup) Well, what do you think, Mister Worf? You mean at our age. Well, we thought it might make us fall in love all over again. It worked. Yes, it was. Fires lit the sky. There was thunder, this unbelievable thunder. The ground never stopped shaking. We don't know why we survived and the others didn't. I've tried to put some purpose to it, but I can't. Kevin, you said it had gone away. Kevin grieved for the others, Captain, but he did nothing. He is a very gentle man. You must understand that. I wanted to fight but I stayed with my husband. Well, Captain, thank you again for the replicator. I'd better clean up now. Captain, I am frightened but I can't leave Rana, even if it means my life. [Troi's quarters] Why? Kevin! No. Please no. No. I can't leave Kevin. Please stop hurting him. Captain, leave our house. Why have you brought us here against our will? I don't understand. You're joking with us, Captain. Can't you see this is hurting my husband? No. He never killed anyone. What is he saying?
