Ensign Ro Laren reporting as ordered, Commander. Ensign Ro, sir. The Bajoran custom has the family name first, the individual's second. I am properly addressed as Ensign Ro. No, there's no reason you should. It's an old custom. Most Bajora these days accept the distortion of their names in order to assimilate. I do not. Please. I don't want to be here any more than you want me to be here, sir. If I may be equally candid? It's better than prison. Being called back into Starfleet was not my idea. Captain, I know the routine. You don't have to worry about me. We're stuck with each other. So let's just get this over with as quickly as possible and we can go our own separate ways, okay? (Ro leaves) You're wasting your time. Holza is nobody. He's the token Bajoran that respectable people invite to symposiums and diplomatic soirees. But he has no real influence among my people. Don't you understand? These are desperate people ready to martyr themselves. They don't want to talk. Oh, it will be. Don't fool yourself. This mission will end in bloodshed. I would go to the camp on the southern continent of Valo Two. Find a man named Keeve Falor. He has no diplomatic experience. And he won't ask you to dance. Captain's log, supplemental. I read about the achievements of the ancient Bajoran civilisation in my fifth grade reader. They were architects and artists, builders and philosophers when humans were not yet standing erect. Now I see how history has rewarded them. [Bajoran camp] (Ro gives her uniform jacket to a young girl) This used to be me. Keeve Falor, Captain Jean-Luc Picard, Commander Data and Lieutenant Worf. I think you're a small man who feels a rush of power in his belly and enjoys it far too much, Keeve. Stop talking and listen. The blankets were helpful. Nothing I said mattered. I couldn't, and I wouldn't. That's one reason I ran away. They're lost, defeated. I will never be. Captain's log, stardate 45077.8. Keeve Falor has kept his promise and directed us toward the third moon of Valo One, where we will meet tomorrow with the terrorist leader, Orta. [Ten Forward] (Deanna and Beverly go to Ro's table) Yes. (Deanna and Beverly move on) Yes. I'd rather be alone. I beg your pardon? Who are you? Heard anything interesting? Heard anything interesting? Well, it's all true. Isn't that supposed to be beauty? What was to defend? I didn't follow orders. Eight members of the away team died. Yeah, my fault. I enjoy it? Who are you? You're not like any bartender I ever met before. I don't stay anywhere long enough to make friends. Go ahead. Thank you. [Ro's quarters] Computer, direct subspace transmission to monitor. Everything is going exactly as you predicted, Admiral. [Corridor] Captain, I did not come here to undermine this mission. I came here to convince these people to listen to you. I didn't want this to end in bloodshed. You don't know all the facts, sir. He has no reason to lie. What would anyone gain by doing that? Yes, sir. [Ready room] Captain, I'm sorry, but I What? (Guinan enters) I really don't feel like talking right now. Why is it, every time I tell you something, you tell me I mean the exact opposite? It's nothing you can help me with. Look, I got myself into this. I'm just trying to figure a way out. That's all. Without anyone getting killed this time. Seems like everybody's just pulling my strings, you know? Like I've got no control. I'm in trouble. There's more going on here than anybody on this ship realises. It's more than I know how to deal with. And I really don't know who to trust anymore. Especially myself. Sir, when I'm finished telling you what I have to tell you, I'm probably going to end up back in the stockade one way or the other. And if that's how this has to be, then I just can't do this anymore. Admiral Kennelly came to me in prison and told me he'd arrange to get me out if I'd go on a mission. No, sir. Not this mission. One for him and only him. You were being sent to talk, to negotiate. The Admiral knew that was hopeless. My job was to give Orta an incentive. One that you couldn't offer. One that Starfleet couldn't offer. Orta was to end the terrorism against the Federation and return with his people to the camps. In exchange he would get weapons, ships, things that would really make a difference against the Cardassians in the future. If you ask him, he'll deny it. But it's true. I didn't leave the ship without authorisation, Captain. I received it from the Admiral last night. Yes, sir. The subspace log can confirm that part of it at least. No, sir, I'm not. But this was something I had to do. You see, Captain, when I was seven years old I was given a piece of sugar candy and I was led by a Cardassian into a room where my father was sitting. And he looked at me with eyes I'd never seen. The Cardassian began to ask him questions, and during the next two hours, as I was forced to watch, my father was tortured until he died. And I remember feeling so ashamed of him as he begged for mercy. I was ashamed of him for being weak. I was ashamed of being Bajoran. Later I began to understand how misguided those feelings were. And yet somehow, they have remained a part of me. I don't want to be ashamed of my heritage any longer, Captain. I serve the Federation. But I am Bajoran. A Starfleet Admiral presented me with an opportunity to help my people in their fight against the Cardassians. I had to accept it. No. After he told me the Bajora hadn't attacked Solarion Four, nothing made sense anymore. I decided to wait until I could figure out what was going on. No, sir. Captain, I don't know who to trust anymore. But that strange bartender of yours has a way of getting to you, and she said that you were her friend. I think I could persuade him to. And then what? Aye, sir. Aye, sir. (after a while) Thirteen thousand, four hundred kilometres, sir. Eight minutes. Aye, sir. What will happen to him? Well, if he's sent to the stockade on Jaros Two, tell him to request a room in the east wing. The west wing gets awfully hot in the afternoons. How soon do you intend to return to Lya Station Alpha, sir? Perhaps I should arrange for some other transportation back. You're not serious. Well, thank you, Captain, but this uniform just doesn't fit, and you know it. I don't think so. Don't count on it. I always thought Starfleet had a lot to learn from me, Captain. That's an interesting challenge. And I rarely refuse an interesting challenge. There would have to be one condition.
I'm alive. What the hell happened? Well, don't count on leaving through there. An emergency bulkhead closed just beneath that lift. Right. Isolation protocol. Ten Forward? Can you scan the drive section? Could the sensors be malfunctioning? We need to start emergency procedures. Who's the duty officer? Counsellor Troi? May I suggest that our next priority be to stabilise life support and try to re-establish intership communications? I diverted power from the phaser array and I dumped it into the engineering control system. Engineering station's online, Counsellor. We're not going to get out of this by playing it safe. We've got half impulse power available, but I'm getting some odd readings from the warp drive. I'm reading a spike in the warp field array. It looks like a containment deviation. Nothing. Field strength's at forty percent and falling. We've got a problem. The quantum resonance of the filament caused a polarity shift in the antimatter containment field. That weakened the containment field surrounding the antimatter pods. The field strength is at forty percent and it is still falling. Which means the ship will explode. [Jefferies tube] But you're ignoring the fact that the power coupling is also damaged. If that coupling overheats, the field strength could drop a lot faster. We could have a containment breach in a matter of minutes. We should separate the saucer now, and put as much distance as possible between us and the drive section. There's no evidence that anyone is still alive in the drive section. No, of course not. But I also wouldn't expect the bridge crew to risk the safety of the ship and hundreds of lives in a futile effort to rescue me. I'll say it again. There is no reason to believe that anyone is alive in Engineering. We're wasting time even talking about this. We have to separate the ship now. I remind you, Counsellor, that power coupling could overheat at any moment. By not separating the ship now, you may be responsible for all our deaths. The field strength is down to twenty percent. We cannot run the risk of staying here any longer. Yes, sir. We're in stand by mode for docking latches. Quick, cross-connect to the transfer coil. That was close. Exactly what I said might happen. The power coupling overheated and the entire containment field almost collapsed. O'Brien's fixed it temporarily, but this could happen again at any moment, and next time we might not be able to stop it. You can't let wishful thinking guide your decision, Counsellor. It's time to leave. Yes. Perfectly. [Engineering] (Data's head is on a shelf, laced up to a panel. Riker is working on another one) I guess they got our message. I was wrong, Counsellor.
And I've found a better way. If I had come to you in advance and asked you to do it my way No. The point is, with all due respect Commander, you're trying to turn me into your idea of the model officer. The helm's not responding. (the Bridge is briefly flooded with bright green light) It looks like I'm the pilot. We're not going anywhere now. The helm's dead. Yes. Then we fired back, destroyed them. What about communications? That rules out a distress signal. We should be careful what we say. There could be a boarding party somewhere on the ship. This turbolift system gives us access to the rest of the ship. Main Engineering, deck thirty six. I'm on my way. I just need to do something. I know, I just. It's really an ugly feeling I don't like being so out of control. Okay. Warp and impulse drive are reading within tolerance levels. So are the tactical arrays, defensive and offensive. Weapons, propulsion and shields are the priorities. We could be in danger of another attack. That's all I need for now. (the crewwoman she has been talking goes back into her quarters) Well, that's it for the living quarters on this deck. What's next? Let's go. So if everything were back to the way it was supposed to be, what do you think you'd be doing right now? Fun? Now that's disappointing. You don't strike me as a man who needs a holodeck to have a good time. [Ten Forward] I'm fine. We're on our way. [Bridge] He's in Ten Forward, waiting tables. Hi. I just didn't like the way my quarters were decorated. Besides, I have this funny feeling that maybe I spend most of my off hours here. For all we know, you and I could be married. Sort of exciting, isn't it? We just don't know. Regret what? Aren't you being a little presumptuous? Like I said, I just didn't like the way my quarters were decorated. Maybe we should stay right here and see what happens. What makes you think you're going to get any sleep? [Bridge] Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I recommend a randomly vectored approach to our target. It would be our best chance of avoiding sort of any pursuit. Hello, Counsellor. Am I interrupting anything? Bye. (Troi leaves) And what was all of that about? Good. Because I have a feeling that I used to be the jealous type. [Bridge] Yes, sir. I was hoping to run into you. The Counsellor tells me that at times like that, we might do the things that we've always wanted to do. (deadpan) Commander, don't worry about it. As far as I'm concerned, you and I have shared something that we will treasure forever. (Ro leaves)
The shuttle has crashed on the surface. I think I can. I followed their entry almost all the way in. We can calculate the coordinates from the angle of descent. [Moon surface] (an explosive charge blows off the rear emergency hatch) Aye, sir. Commander, did you override my orbital heading? We've moved into a polar orbit and I'm locked out. The helm isn't responding. (at tactical) Yes sir. Seventeen. They just shut down the internal scanners too, Captain. They've done something to the forcefields on deck ten, section one. A plasma shock. It would be painful but it wouldn't cause any physical harm. We'd have to hit all three with a single discharge. If they're standing together, it shouldn't be a problem. Finally. I never want to see this part of the Enterprise again. Thanks. (She cuts through circuitry) We're through. Got it. All three have got to be in the circle if this is going to work. They're all in range. I have to do it now. Well, if they're the right seven seconds, it'll be enough. Lower the forcefield. Firing plasma charge. [Ten Forward] (Ro presses the button just as Data walks out of the circle. Troi and Miles writhe in agony in the turquoise light, and two balls of energy leave them) [Jefferies tube] Damn! [Ten Forward] They're heading through section five. [Deck 10 Corridor] (Past the watchful eyes of security guards, the group get into a turbolift) [Bridge] They've stopped at deck eighteen, sir. They're powering up the transporter, Commander. Do you know what he's going to do? Yes, sir. [Cargo bay] (They transport in a column of energy) I'm reading dozens of them. Hundreds.
Inertial dampers failing. We're losing attitude control. Sensors didn't detect the phenomenon until we were almost on top of it, sir. Aye sir. Captain, manoeuvring thrusters are not responding. The helm's not responding. Inertial dampers failing. We're losing attitude control. Sensors didn't detect the phenomenon until we were almost on top of it, sir. Aye sir. Captain, manoeuvreing thrusters are not responding. The helm is not responding. Inertial dampers failing. We're losing attitude control. Aye sir. Captain manoeuvring thrusters are not responding. The helm's not responding. Inertial dampers failing. We're losing attitude control. Sensors didn't detect the phenomenon until we were almost on top of it, Captain. Aye, sir. Captain, manoeuvring thrusters are not responding. The helm's not responding.
This is not a bright idea. Nothing, sir. (Worf and Riker join them) [Romulan Engineering] (it is a scene of death, devastation, fires and controlled chaos) Ensign Ro to the Bridge. This is Ensign Ro reporting in. I'm at section twenty three baker, near Sickbay. (she wobbles) Sickbay. [Sickbay] (the door doesn't open for her, but she gets in when a man walks out) Excuse me, I need some help. Excuse me? Excuse me, I need some help. (but everyone ignores her) Excuse me! I need some help! [Crusher's office] Captain, I'm right here. I'm not dead! Captain, I don't know what's going on (Picard walks straight through Ro and out of the office) Doctor. Doctor Crusher. Doctor Crusher, I'm right here. Damn it. (Ro's fist goes straight through the desk, so she tests it out on a desk console. Then she looks at what Beverly is doing, updating her personnel file to current status - deceased) [Romulan Engineering] La Forge? No one can see me either. Tables, people, yeah. (they touch hands) It's not what you expected, is it. This. Death. We're dead, Geordi. Our patterns were lost in a transporter malfunction. We never rematerialised after leaving the Romulan ship. Spirits, souls. My people used to call them borhyas. Whatever term you want to use, we're it. I don't have all the answers. I've never been dead before. According to Doctor Crusher, we died in a transporter malfunction at fourteen thirty hours. Geordi, I saw her make out the death certificates. We need to make peace with our former lives. That's what I was taught. We have to say goodbye to the people who were in our lives. I don't see that we have much of a choice. When I was growing up, I never gave much thought to all the talk about borhyas. I figured that it was just superstition passed on to children. Thanks for the ride. I'm here to say goodbye. (she gently touches her helm console, then Riker and Picard enter) Me, too. Me? Wait a minute. What are you going to say about me? (Riker leaves) Captain. I don't believe this. I'm dead. you can't even hear me and I'm still intimidated by you. I just wanted to say thank you. For trusting in me when no one else would. Why? Why can't you just accept the fact Please, not the Death Chant. He seems almost human, doesn't he. What's that? How far did they get in their research? Then that would explain the explosion and the chroniton fields. You mean we're cloaked? Then that would mean we're not dead. How? The muon feedback wave's not showing up on any of the engine displays. Right. (Data is scanning with a tricorder, then spraying) Who are you? He's in here. [Transporter room] (Ro walks through the door first and dodges to the side. She attacks the Romulan and knocks him down. Then she runs, and the disrupter beam just misses her) [Engineering] Thanks. It's there, and when they go to warp Don't listen to him, Captain. Don't do it, sir. If we can get to the locations that she's decontaminating, maybe the anyon emissions would re-phase us enough for someone to see us. Then we're going to have to go somewhere with an awful lot of people. (Riker enters) What is going on here? This? I don't believe this. They think we're dead and they're having a party. Now I suppose I'll never know what you were going to say about me. (and she fires the disrupter through his head) Lieutenant! We have to find a way to increase the emission strength. The disruptor. I can put it on overload. Let's go! (Ro and Geordi hide at the back of the room behind furniture) Captain, we're right here. Yes, yes, yes. You've been eating for over an hour. Nothing. I was raised with Bajoran beliefs. I even followed some of the practices, but I never really believed in a life after death. Then suddenly I was dead and there was another life, and it made me feel like I'd been pretty arrogant to discount everything I'd been taught, you know? Now I don't know what to believe.
Is that a Draebidium froctus? (Keiko has a tray of plants on her lap) I took a class at the Academy. I Don't remember very much though. This is the Fermi. Go ahead Enterprise. We'll rendezvous with the ship in three minutes, sir. (but then they enter a blue swirly thing) We're caught in some kind of energy field. Aye, sir. [Bridge] I can't contact the Enterprise. There's too much interference.
Thanks. It's good to be back. Same to you, Commander. Right. You shouldn't have gone to all this trouble. Really. Deck four, section eight. Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. Excuse me. [Corridor] Captain. Well, to tell you the truth, I really want to see everyone. I'd just rather do it one at a time. You know me, I enjoy a challenge. Captain, I want you to know that I really appreciate your recommending me. If it weren't for you, my life would be a very different one right now. I have the ship on long range sensors. It appears to be under attack by several small ships. No, sir. They're not transmitting identification codes. We're coming into visual range. Starfleet wants me to infiltrate the Maquis? Well, that's certainly true. And just how soon would this mission begin? I see. I've spent the better part of my life fighting the Cardassians. I never thought I'd be helping them out. I've heard a lot about the Maquis. One of my instructors at Tactical Training, a Lieutenant Commander in Starfleet, a man I admired and respected, he was sympathetic to them. He resigned and left to join them. The way I see it, there's one good reason to take this mission, and that's to validate your faith in me. [Alien bar] (mostly humanoid, a Vulcan, a Klingon. Ro, in civilian clothes enters and sits at a table. Worf and Data enter in uniform, so she grabs the man at the table and kisses him) It was really nice meeting you. (Ro goes to the bar) Thanks. Starfleet thinks I did. That's reason enough to hide. Why did you tell them that I'd left? You don't often meet someone willing to say that out loud. I'd like to meet people like that. (Santos shoots her) [Room] Who are you? Thanks, but I'll be going now. (Kalita points a weapon at Ro) Yes. Then why did he risk bringing me here? My name is Ro Laren. I grew up in the Bajoran camps. I know what they're capable of. They tortured my father to death and I was forced to watch. Nowhere. I was a Starfleet officer, but I was court-martialled and sent to the stockade on Jaros Two. I'm not exactly what you'd call Starfleet material. What difference does it make? Starfleet let me out about three years ago because I agreed to do some work for them, mostly having to do with Bajor. But I got tired of watching them placate the Cardassians, and so I left. Not officially. That's part of the reason why they're looking for me. Look, I think I've answered enough of your questions. I would like to know who you people are. Are you Maquis? If you were, I would ask if I could join you and help you fight. Aren't you taking a chance by letting me see all of this? What if my story doesn't check out? What if I'm not who I say I am? You are Maquis, aren't you? Starfleet considers you outlaws. They're afraid you'll destroy the peace treaty. I'm not surprised. The Cardassians intend to make life so unpleasant for Federation citizens that they'll leave. I'd rather not talk about it. No, thank you. You like hasperat? My father used to make the strongest hasperat you've ever tasted. Everything else seems mild by comparison. Yes. But I haven't tried it in years. I would enjoy making it again. Another rumour? I thought every shipment coming into the Zone was searched. I can get medical supplies. I served on the Enterprise. They always have extra medkits on hand for relief missions. I have no intention of asking for them. I intend to take them. I know its security systems work. Give me a ship. I can do it. I could use an extra hand at the controls. And a witness. [Ro's ship] I set the transporter confinement parameters to maximum. We should be able to fill our hold with medical supplies with just one single beam out. We're approaching the Federation border. We're going to cross the border here. With the right security codes, we can disable the proximity detectors on the buoys. I know the encryption algorithms. If I can access the buoy's protocol subsystem I should be able to figure out the codes. Do you want this mission to succeed? In that case, let me do my job. I'm in. If I don't input the right code in the next twenty seconds, we'll trigger the proximity alarm. Don't. If we break the comm. link, we won't be able to try again. It worked. Until they change the access codes again, we can cross the border here. Captain's log, stardate 47943.2. It has been over a week since Lieutenant Ro left the Enterprise. We have yet to receive any communication from her. [Bridge] Don't worry. It'll be hard for them to locate us with just the directional sensors. Besides, they're looking for a damaged science ship that wants to be found. They're here. Standby to engage thrusters. [Bridge] All right, I've locked onto their sensor beam. I'm going to use it to manoeuvre into transporter range. We can't. If we're going to get those medical supplies, we're going to have to take this ship through their shields. [Bridge] The Enterprise shields have a weak point. When the ship is at impulse, the thrust destabilises the shield configuration right at this point. (between the nacelles) I'm going to try to punch through there. They'll know something's penetrated the shields. With all the interference it'll take them a few seconds to find us. We'll have to beam the medical supplies aboard and get out fast. [Bridge] We're going to make it. All right, we're in. Let's get out of here. [Bridge] I understand. There are rumours that the Cardassians are supplying their colonists with biogenic weapons. The Maquis are convinced that the Cardassians are finding a way around these searches. Sir? What do you mean, give them a target? That would get their attention, all right. And when the Maquis attack it, Starfleet will be waiting for them. Basically, I would be leading them into a trap. Well, if I do, sir, it will not stop me from carrying out my duty. It took me a while, but I managed to patch through into Starfleet's comm. system. I intercepted a communication from one of the checkpoints on the border. They're concerned because a Pakled transport came through carrying retro-viral vaccines. Well, last week a Ferengi transport came through carrying biomimetic gels. By themselves, neither of these is dangerous, but Starfleet is concerned because with along with other components the Cardassians could put together a biogenic device. They can't do anything about it. These items are all perfectly legal. Very close. Two days ago, a Yridian convoy left Deep Space Nine for the Demilitarised Zone. It's carrying isomiotic hypos, plasma flares and quarantine pods. When it's over? Something tells me it'll be a long time before we'll be celebrating. I spent ten years in the camps. I don't give up. You play the klavion? My father played the klavion. When I was very young and afraid of monsters under my bed, he'd play for me. He said that the klavion had special powers. Monsters were afraid of it and when they heard it they would disappear. When I listened to that music he played for me I was never afraid to go to sleep. When he died I realised even he couldn't make all the monsters go away. A celebration of what? I'd like that. (they go walking off across the square and their dialogue is under the music) On Bajor, there's a berry Macias? Kalita, get one of the medkits. Hurry. You have to hang on. Not tonight. (to Picard) Hello. Are you alone? Why don't we get acquainted? There's a table in the back that's more private. We have to cancel the mission. The Maquis didn't go for the bait. They think the convoy is too big a target. It's the commitment of resources, of grouping so many of the Maquis together at once. They feel that it makes them too vulnerable. It's probably different in every cell. The people I've met tend to be more conservative. I'm sure others have a more militant attitude. Do you have the money I asked you to bring? Put some on the table. By this time, you should be negotiating my price. When you sent me on this mission, I thought that I could do it. Even though it meant helping Cardassians, even though it meant betraying people who are fighting against them. Now I'm not sure where I stand. Sir, I don't want to let you down, I swear that I don't. I'll carry out my orders, sir. Go ahead, squad leader. [Santos' ship] The ships in the convoy are raising their shields. They've spotted us. I'm sorry. I can't let this happen. [Bridge] There's a Starfleet attack force hiding inside it. [Santos' ship] Alpha Seven to Alpha Nine. Stand by to beam me aboard. You can take this ship back to the Enterprise. It's been a long time since I really felt like I really belonged somewhere. Could you tell Captain Picard something for me? Tell him I'm sorry. Goodbye, Will. Energise. [Ready room]
