So, you arrived all right. Welcome home, Captain. You've shuttled in from the village? Good. Good. Are you tired? Make yourself at home. You know where everything is. We generally eat about eight. I must try and cure this poor, sick vine. I'll see you shortly. [Crusher's quarters] I see no good reason why the Earth should have another subcontinent. Well, I'm afraid that I do not understand this potential. He just needs a little arm twisting, dear, coaxing. Forty seven. You've been drinking too much of that artificial stuff. What do you call it? Synthehol? It's spoiled you. Ruined your palate. Delicious, Marie. Yes, but sadly cooking is becoming a lost art. That's your wretched technology again. Father understood better than anybody else the danger of losing those values which we hold most precious. You wouldn't, but in my view, life is already too convenient. And I don't find your modesty very unconvincing, brother. Of course you won the ribbon. You always did. It's hard enough to protect him, protect him from all that's out there without you encouraging him. You raise your own sons as you would wish, and allow me to do the same with mine. [Vineyard] Don't worry, my dear, I've got it. Business? Careful. You're not used to drinking the real thing. This synthehol never leaves you out of control, is that so? This will. (pours himself the last dregs) Now there is something I'd like to see. The gallant Captain out of control. Mind if I ask you a question? What the devil happened to you up there? No. Curiosity. What did they do to you? Not precisely. I gather you were hurt. Humiliated. I always thought you needed a little humiliation. Or was it humility? Either would do. (Jean-Luc storms out of the house) [Garden] Why do you walk away? That isn't your style. Tired? Yes. Tired of the Enterprise too? The great Captain Picard of Starfleet falls to Earth, ready to plunge into the water with Louis. That isn't the brother that I remember. Still, I suppose it must have seemed like the ideal situation, hmm? Local boy makes good. Returns home after twenty years to a hero's welcome. Of course you are. Admit it. You'd never settle for less than that and you never will. Cancel the parade? In your favour? Never sought? Never sought president of the school, valedictorian, athletic hero with your arms raised in victory? Yes, damn it. I was always so jealous, I had a right to be. I was always your brother, watching you receive the cheers, watching you break every rule our father made and get away with it. Because I was the elder brother, the responsible one. It was my job to look after you. Sometimes. Maybe. Sometimes I even enjoyed bullying you. Did you come back, Jean-Luc? Did you come back because you wanted me to look after you again? Yes, but you needed it. You have been terribly hard on yourself. So, my brother is a human being after all. This is going to be with you a long time, Jean-Luc. A long time. You have to learn to live with it. You have a simple choice now. Live with it below the sea with Louis, or above the clouds with the Enterprise. You know what? I still don't like you, Jean-Luc. [Chez Picard] (There's mud, and muddy boots, on the carpet, and drunken voices singing 'Aupres de ma blonde, qu'il fait bon, fait bon, fait bon' dum, dum, dum. Marie enters from outside) Ah Yes, I fell down, then he fell and then We both fell down. We both fell down together. Fighting? No, certainly not. Jean-Luc, here is a little of the forty seven. Do not drink it all at once, and if possible, try not to drink it alone. (They embrace, Robert looks close to tears, then Picard marches off) [Corridor] Yes. But let him dream. (Young Rene sits under a tree, below a star-studded sky, and doesn't spot the streak of light whizzing off in the general direction of Orion) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
