Thank you, sir. We're increasing the available bandwidth so more science teams can use the sensors at once. We figured out a way to do it by multiplexing the array. Yes, sir. You can count on it. You might try calibrating them manually. The detectors. They tend to get temperamental. You can try calibrating them by hand. No. Look. The subroutine lets you do it from the panel. Law Seventeen. When all else fails, do it yourself. Sure. I know. Just came back from the Academy. Robin Lefler. Hi. Your neutrinos are drifting. (he finally lets go of her hand) We can re-route through junction fourteen B. That's Law Thirty Six. You've got to go with what works. They're my personal laws. Every time I learn something essential, I make up a law about it so I never forget. A hundred and two so far. (they sit at a console) Looks like the starboard array needs another subprocessor. They said you were good. I have a few friends at the Academy. Your name's come up a couple of times. That was really some stung you pulled on Adam Martoni in the physics lab. I just want to know how you got the antimatter regulator to spray chili sauce. Is it true what they say about your birthmark? Hey, that's Law Forty six. Life isn't No. But I'll meet you for dinner. Captain's log, supplemental. We have arrived at the Phoenix Cluster, but it will take us several hours to determine the best possible location from which to conduct our survey. Commander Data's condition remains unchanged with no further indication as to the cause of his collapse. [Crusher's quarters] (Beverly's playing the game at high level, and getting a lot of pleasure from it) When your parents are the only plasma specialists in the sector, you do a lot of travelling around. We went from base to base to base. I felt like a piece of luggage after a while. I spent all of my time around technical gear. My first friend was a tricorder. My parents work came first. They didn't really have time for me, even when I needed them. So that's how I learned my first law. Law One. You can only count on yourself. Now I'm here. You wouldn't believe what's going on in Engineering. Commander La Forge and all the others, they're crazy about some new game. It's some Risian gadget that fits over your ear. Not yet. It's everywhere. (a crewwoman on a seat by the window is totally lost in the game) See what I mean? It's just a fad. It's here this week. Next week we won't even know it existed. Why don't you try it and find out? I bet if we worked together we could figure it out. I noticed it uses a visual interface. We could connect it through an optical sensor. [Laboratory] Let's see what happens. It's activating the reticular formation. I wonder what happens after prolonged exposure? The effect seems centred around the frontal lobe. It's stimulating the septal area. No wonder it's so popular. I'm seeing widespread bonding to neuro-receptors. Are you saying you think the game's addictive? Doesn't that area control higher reasoning? I've tried it, thanks. It's great. Where have you been? Everyone's after me to try it. I hope he makes a shipwide announcement or something, because this thing is really starting to give me the creeps. We left them in our quarters. No, thanks. Data. The nurse is still playing the game. How can that be? He's unconscious. Wesley, look at that. The cuts are precise. Look how clean the edges are. Computer, increase magnification, factor four. Why would one of them do this to him? Then Data would be a threat to that plan. And only with Data out of the way would everybody become addicted. It worked. I'm supposed to be on duty in Engineering. I've got to get back before Commander La Forge suspects something. Wesley, don't forget Law Ninety One. Always watch your back. What are you doing? It's your turn, Wesley. Play the game. (Riker and Worf approach, Wesley runs) I never saw you wear these. Afraid someone might see your birthmark? I wish you didn't have to go. You'll write, won't you? Here. A gift, so you'll remember. Robin's Laws. All one hundred and two of them. Yes?
