What is this ship? A war vessel? Federation! It seems that I am a victim of my own bad timing. And you are the keeper of this jail? (he tests the forcefield) Counsellor? Too bad. I'd rather you were a jailer to keep me company during my return trip. I assume we are returning to Lunar Five. I just killed three men to get out of there, Counsellor, and I'm fully capable of killing you as well. That's terrifying thought, isn't it? Even to me. Not at all. I am comfortable, well fed and housed. Oh no, the Angosians take good care of their prisoners. It's simply a matter of never being able to leave. What about you, Counsellor? Do you always visit the prisoners? Are you a specialist in criminal behaviour? Or am I just an interesting specimen that landed on your ship like an insect to be studied under your microscope? A girl with long dark hair broke my heart a long time ago. Out of bitterness and resentment, I turned to crime. How about this one? My mother abandoned me when I was a little boy. I never got the guidance that a wild young man needed. Playing games? Isn't that what you do, Counsellor? Isn't that what all of you mind control experts do? And what do you sense now? It's interesting, isn't it? [Ready room] I was a soldier. Obviously, because I am a threat to society. Everything they asked me to do. That's why I became such a threat. Why are you bothering to try, Counsellor? Unlock the door. You can learn to do it if you have to. It was war. It started the day I volunteered, Counsellor. The day I began training. The day I met my first instructor. And he also called himself a counsellor. [Observation lounge] What do you want? Yes. NO. Wait, wait. I'd rather talk to someone. Why do you have yellow eyes? We do? Ah, yes, yes. You've been talking to Counsellor Troi. It is not at all the same, android. The man I was is still inside me, but this conditioning has been imposed. Woven together with my thoughts and my feelings and my responses. How do you separate the programme from the man? Yeah, doctors! The Angosian doctors did this to me. If it could be undone, wouldn't they undo it? Nor can I, yet I ask myself that question every moment of every day. [Ready room] Were you built for combat, android? You did that? Perhaps you would be better at combat than you think. My improved reflexes have allowed me to kill eighty four times. And my improved memory lets me remember each of those eighty four faces. Can you understand how that feels? Why, then I envy you. (Picard and Troi enter) Captain. You would be foolish to consider it otherwise, Captain, for they are very correct. I am dangerous. There is no place for me in a civilised society. I appreciate your telling me that face to face. And you deserve to know that I must use whatever means I can to escape. Take care of yourself, android. I enjoyed our talk. I will not be there to see it, Counsellor. Because even with this overwhelming demand to survive that they've built into my soul, I would rather die than return to Lunar Five. [Bridge] Drop force field on deck thirty six. [Bridge] My battle is never over. Sit down, gentlemen. [Cargo bay] Freeze! Nobody move! No! Don't. Shoot us. Destroy us. Do what you have to do. But you will not ignore us. Go on, do it! (He shoots a hole in the wall next to Nayrok) Cowards. We will not go back. To survive is not enough. To simply exist is not enough. We want our lives back. We want to come home. Mister Prime Minister, with all due respect, you will have to force us. Or at least try.
