Well, it was quite a chase, wasn't it, my friends? We intercepted several communiqués between the Yridians and Cardassia. My ship was watching under cloak when Professor Galen's shuttle was attacked. And now the reward. Step clear, please. Perhaps we could come to a compromise? You give us the gene code. You can be eliminated by a disrupter. Now, what do you say to my offer. I've given you my word. Do not press me, Klingon. I don't care whether you live or die. Captain, my ships are leaving orbit for Romulan space. Until our next encounter. It would seem that we are not completely dissimilar after all, in our hopes, or in our fears. Well, then. Perhaps, one day.
Stop! [Jungle] (Two Romulans track Worf) There. (Worf spots Shrek and his little ship but is jumped by Toq! He restrains from hurting the boy and the Romulans catch him) Captain's log, stardate 46759.2. The Yridian vessel Lieutenant Worf boarded at Deep Space Nine has failed to arrive for our scheduled rendezvous. It is now twelve hours overdue. [Bridge]
Come! [Bridge]
(heavy static) Main power failing. No way to stop the overload. Enterprise, what is your time of arrival? We are facing an imminent core breach.
Ba'el? Yes, we're about to begin. [Data's quarters] (the painting has developed a lot when the doorbell rings)
Enterprise, your presence here is a violation of Romulan space. You will leave immediately. We have monitored the destruction of our sister ship by the star creature. We claim right of vengeance. We will destroy the alien. If you interfere, we will destroy you as well. Captain's log, Supplemental. A confrontation between the Romulan Warbird and Tin Man is imminent. I have no alternative but to rely on the telepathic abilities of Tam Elbrun. [Bridge] Captain Picard, if you interfere with us, we will fire upon you as well.
There's an energy build-up in the phase compensation unit. That's not it. The matrix is clear. It's the power transfer from the Enterprise. I'm reading a massive feed-back. Notify the Enterprise to shut down the power transfer immediately. Disconnect the transfer beam. Impending warp core breach. Shut down all systems. (Picard watches as the Enterprise explodes, then reforms as time runs backwards again) (the dialogue goes backwards until time stops where it was previously) There was an alien here who'd taken Romulan form. I was firing at her. The Doctor got in the way.
