Beverly. (she starts up, awake) [Ten Forward] Beverly. Beverly, I've come back for you Don't you remember? I came to you last night while you were asleep. Now do you remember me? I love you, Beverly, just as I loved Felisa before you. Yes. You saw me at the funeral. (Beverly has a little orgasm) I'm a spirit. Ghosts? Nor did I in the beginning. I was born in sixteen forty seven, in Glasgow on Earth. I found a home with Jessel Howard. She was a pretty lass with a mane of red hair, and eyes like diamonds. I loved her very much. When she died, I stayed with her daughter, and her daughter, and on down through the years, generation after generation. When your family moved out into the galaxy, I moved with them. I believe you are the most beautiful women I have ever known. We're becoming one, Beverly. We're going to be together. I'm here. Beverly, did you miss me? I know. Quint is dead. Beverly, there's something more important we should talk about. Yes. I need you to help me. It's not easy for me to take corporeal form. I can't do it for long. I want you to light the candle. Yes. If I'm away from it for too long, I begin to weaken. That's why the women in your family have always kept the candle lit. No. I must go with you. The power transfer beam. I can travel along it. Then we'll be together, always. (he kisses her into near ecstasy, then vanishes) [Crusher's quarters] It's all right. We're together. we're going to be one. I'm going to become part of you, Beverly. Would you like that? As it was with your grandmother, and your great-grandmother, and all of the Howard women before them. I'll take care of you. And you will feel love as you've never felt it before. (Ronin turns into a green mist and enters Beverly) [Transporter room] (Beverly is in Caldos clothes, and the candle is on the pile of bags) And it will only get better. (he turns into a green mist and enters her body) We're nearly merged now. As two candles join to form a single light, so we will flourish as one. (a knock at the door) I love you, Beverly. (coming down the stairs) All right, Captain. Here I am. I believe Beverly asked you to leave her alone. (Beverly goes to Ronin's side) Earth. Scotland. All that matters is that I'm here now, and that Beverly and I plan to be together for the rest our lives. You can't do that. Leave her alone. I'm not afraid of anything. But I cannot allow you to desecrate her grave. I won't stand for this. I'll go to the Governor myself. Beverly, we must stop the others. They cannot exhume the body. You must come. I am your love. I am the one who will take care of you. Beverly, come with me. I'm sorry, I'm going to stop them. (Ronin leaves) Beverly! Forgive me. These men were trying to stop us from being together. Once they're gone, everything will be right. He was trying to destroy me. I had to defend myself. My love. I could never harm you. I am here to protect you. Beverly. And I loved all of them! And they loved me. Give me the candle, Beverly. Put it down, or I will kill him. Set it down and walk away. (Beverly puts it down then grabs Geordi's phaser and destroys it) No! Yes, I do. Beverly. I love you. Beverly. (he runs at her and she destroys him) Captain's log, supplemental. Commander La Forge and Mister Data have recovered from their exposure to the anaphasic energy, but I'm afraid Doctor Crusher's recovery will be of a more personal nature. [Ten Forward]
