Acknowledged. [Crash site] Captain, we can't [Crash site] Thank you, Captain. Standing by. I need him in Sickbay, Captain. Very well. (Picard goes to his Ready room, and Troi follows) [Ready room]
Doctor Crusher to Captain. At this point, sir, we very much need Mister Data's help.
Crusher to Counsellor Troi. Crusher to Lieutenant Worf. Medical supplies are ready to be taken to cargo bay for transport.
She's in REM sleep.
Yes, Captain? Right away, sir. [Odan's quarters]
Doctor Crusher to Riker. Are you there, Captain? Your son has been injured. He's been taken to Sickbay. You'd better come down here right away. [Sickbay] (Young Jean-Luc is having his arm treated)
Understood. [Bridge] Use the transporters in the cargo bay [Bridge] How many people did we leave behind? Keep trying. [Bridge]
Yes, Captain. So far, sickbay force fields don't seem to have been affected.
Understood. (the noise goes beyond our hearing) [Sickbay] (the creatures disappear under the blue light)
Go to eighty percent of tolerance, Data. No higher. (Geordi pulls off a metal bar and checks the man's pulse) We're disconnecting you right now.
Person to person contact. This is the Enterprise. Crusher here. This virus is totally out of control here. Until I know exactly what I'm dealing with, I can't let anyone new be exposed. Not likely. Bingo, Data.
Understood.
Doctor Crusher to Data. Do you have a minute to join me in Sickbay? I need your help with something. Crusher to Captain Picard. I need you in Sickbay immediately.
Crusher to Bridge. The surgery was successful [Sickbay] Captain, if Geordi has transformed, he may be virtually a chameleon. [Sickbay]
On my way. [Ten Forward] I think I've come up with an idea for a containment field. [Bridge] (magnetic flux density analysis 4077) Once it's out of our people. Exactly what I was thinking. On our way, Captain.
To treatment. I think I'll try a little old-fashioned country medicine. Keep the fever down, try to let the body heal itself. Lieutenant Worf, report to Sickbay. Go ahead. I won't have to, Captain. The Romulan has died. [Neutrino beacon]
We'll be ready, Captain. Bridge, this is Sickbay. [Sickbay]
On my way.
It's going to take me to save Don't have to stay. Crusher out.
Doctor Crusher here, Captain. [Sickbay] He was attacked by Quinn, or what we thought was Quinn. Look for this, Captain. I believe it will be visible on anyone who has been compromised. Negative. [Sickbay] By the placement of the tendrils [Sickbay] And resistance to the I don't think so. [Sickbay] You must set your phaser on kill. Stun has little effect.
On my way.
Go ahead, Commander. Acknowledged. Crusher out.
Yes. I'll meet the away team in transporter room four. [Planet surface] (The team beam down onto a barren rock-strewn surface under a salmon pink sky. One of the nacelles has broken off the little shuttlecraft)
Sickbay to Commander Riker. I've discovered something interesting, Will.
Who's there? (Beverly runs down stairs and grabs the lamp)
But there's still some brain activity. I need to get him back to the ship. And there's a Malconian male with a phaser wound in his upper chest. I need to get him back as well.
Jean-Luc, what's going on? [Doctor's office]
Crusher here. Understood. [Pedestrian tunnel]
Captain, come in please.
Crusher out.
Crusher to Bridge. A hundred colonists down there.
Sickbay to Worf. I need to schedule a physical examination for Alexander. I also need his complete medical records from Earth and the medical records of his There's no rush. Crusher out.
One dead on arrival. Captain's Log, stardate 43198.7. The Enterprise remains in standard orbit while we investigate the tragedy which has struck the away team. Lieutenant Marla Aster, ship's archaeologist, has been killed in what should have been a routine mission. Whatever the explanation, it will not bring back a valued and trusted officer. [Sickbay]
He's [Data's lab] We can't do it.
Acting Ensign Crusher, report to transporter room eight. Mister Crusher, respond.
Doctor Crusher to Ensign Crusher. Aren't you supposed to be getting a hair cut, Wesley?
I'm Beverly, he's Geordi, and you, you
Is Commander La Forge there? Crusher to Captain Picard. Can you come to Sickbay immediately? It's urgent. Crusher to Commander La Forge. I just heard what sounded like voices in my room, but there's no one here. I'm on my way down. (the sound of breaking glass) I'm fine. [Observation lounge]
Sickbay to Bridge. I'm ready for Admiral Jameson now.
Captain, this is Doctor Crusher. I think you'd better come to the Medical Lab. [Medical lab]
We believe so, sir.
Captain Picard, please come to Sickbay.
But of all the scientists I invited, only four were interested in hearing about Doctor Reyga's invention. And I wasn't altogether sure they were going to be compatible. Kurak was a warp field specialist on the Klingon Homeworld. I don't think Klingons regard scientists very highly. She always seemed a little defensive. Doctor T'Pan is practically a legend in the field of subspace morphology. She's been the director of the Vulcan Science Academy for fifteen years. Her husband, Doctor Christopher, came with her. I didn't know much about him, but he was some kind of subspace theoretician. Jo'Bril was a Takaran, the first one I'd ever met. I had no idea what to expect from him. And then there was Doctor Reyga, the Ferengi scientist. It wasn't exactly an enthusiastic response to Doctor Reyga's technology, but given the circumstances and the scientist's quarrelsome personalities, I was quite pleased. I figured the hard part was over. I'd stepped out on a limb and it hadn't broken. [Bridge] (the scientists are at the back of the Bridge, at the science stations) Not bad for my first venture into scientific diplomacy. At that point, the doubts of the others seemed justified. I had no idea what had gone wrong or how seriously Doctor Jo'Bril had been injured, but I knew this incident could destroy Reyga's chance to be accepted by the scientific community. [Sickbay] (Jo'Bril is gasping for air as Beverly and Alyssa work on him) It was probably the most puzzling autopsy I've ever performed, and the most frustrating, because Jo'Bril's anatomy was unlike any I'd encountered, and I've run into some unusual specimens. At the time, I was too preoccupied with my problems to understand what he was saying. I wasn't thinking about the rest of my life. I was trying to make sense of what had happened. [Shuttlecraft] And I wasn't alone. Jo'Bril's death had raised a lot of questions. Geordi and Data were determined to find out what had gone wrong, and they were busy going over every millimetre of the shuttle, with Doctor Reyga's help. (Shuttlecraft Justman is getting a thorough going-over) And that made what I had to do next even harder. I couldn't help but admire his tenacity. He just wasn't going to accept defeat. And I hoped he would prove himself. But that was the last time I saw him alive. (later, Reyga is lying flat out on the floor. Security are present) We'd gone to Science Lab four when the ship's sensors registered a sizable plasma surge there. I remembered his passion and commitment, and his determination to prove himself, and I was sure that this man had not taken his own life. If anyone could understand that, I knew it would be Captain Picard. [Ready room] I knew he might be right about Kurak. Klingons make threats as a matter of course. On the other hand, sometimes they follow through. [Science lab] Kurak refused to say anything more. I wasn't sure if her silence was motivated by guilt or just Klingon pride. [Corridor] I was beginning to find out that investigating a murder was a little more perilous than I'd thought. And for everything I'd been though, I didn't have any more insight than I did before I started. [Morgue] Which brought me back to Reyga's body. Because the more I thought about it, the more it seemed that the answers had to be there. DNA traces, tissue anomalies, a wealth of forensic clues that could shed some light on the mystery. So I made the decision. (and Reyga's body is slid out of the chamber) [Picard's quarters] I could tell that he was terribly disappointed in me, and that was almost the hardest part of all. [Crusher's quarters]
Did you hit your head?
Doctor Crusher to Wesley Crusher. I stopped by your quarters, Wes. I assumed you'd be there, since you're off duty. Orders are orders, Mister Crusher.
Captain, this is Crusher in Sickbay. I'm getting scattered reports [Sickbay] Is everybody all right there? Crusher to Bridge. What happened, Captain? Is anyone on the Bridge hurt?
He doesn't have his communicator. It is very important that we find him.
