A pleasure. I have some equipment aboard the Potemkin. Would  you please have it sent to one of your medical labs.  Before we get down to business, I just wanted to say that I  had the pleasure of reading your paper on cybernetic regeneration  recently.  I thought it was brilliant. [Corridor] Your ideas on bio-active interfaces border  on revolutionary. It's going to be a genuine pleasure working with you.    Only briefly. I must admit, I was a little shocked to find the  state of Klingon neurological medicine to be so primitive.  We'll be in uncharted waters.  Doctor, I know that as a starship doctor, you have to maintain  close ties with patients, but I think it would be best if I maintain a  discreet distance. That way, I can give you a completely objective  opinion regarding treatment.  Good. Well, I believe you said I'll be working in medlab four?    What about alkysine treatment?  Overdesigned. Klingon anatomy. Twenty three ribs, two livers,  eight-chambered heart, double-lined neural pia mater. I've never seen  so many unnecessary redundancies in one body.  It's a good design in theory, but in practice, all the extra  organs means just that much more can go wrong. Let me show you  something. I've been experimenting with DNA based generators. This is a  genetronic replicator. It reads the DNA coding of damaged organs,  translates that into a specific set of replicant instructions and then  begins to grow a replacement.  The early results have been very encouraging. Beverly, the  genetronic replicator can create a completely new neural conduit for  your Lieutenant Worf.  Exactly. Instead of splicing and pasting together broken  connections like a couple of glorified tailors, we create a new living  system.  I haven't been. This'll be the first time.  I've done dozens of holosimulations. The success rate is up to  thirty seven percent.  Sooner or later, it has to be tried on a living patient.  You're probably right. It's too radical an approach.  The first step would be to fit your legs with motor assist  units like this one. They're a training device. Once you've mastered  using them, we can move on to the implants.  (she puts a band around his leg)  Now try to move your leg.  (it jerks)  There is one other option I'd like you to consider. It's  called genetronic replication. It's still in the experimental stage,  but if it works, it will restore virtually all of your mobility and  without the need for artificial implants.  [Sickbay] We did.  You heard him. He'd rather die than live with the implants. I  just gave him a better option than suicide.  There's a real chance this could work. And if it does, it'll  be a major breakthrough in neurogenetics that will change a lot of  people's lives.  Are you really going to hide behind the rules of some  bureaucracy? Beverly, your patient's life is at stake here.  Beverly, could you use an extra pair of  hands?  He went into neural metaphasic shock.  He couldn't take leporazine, his blood pressure was too low. I  had to try a different  treatment.  No. I tried a new rybo-therapy I've been working with. It's  called borathium. I've had some very good results.  Borathium is decades ahead of leporazine and morathial.  His injuries were so severe I don't think any conventional  treatment could've saved him.  I made the choice I thought gave him the best chance of  surviving. Isn't that what you would have done?  That's what this is really about, isn't it? Lieutenant Worf.  I'm offering him a chance to recover fully. A chance you can't give  him.  I make no excuses for my approach to medicine. I don't like  losing a patient any more than you do. But I'm looking down a long  road, Doctor. This man didn't die for nothing. The data that I gathered  is invaluable. It will eventually help save thousands of lives.  Let me ask you this. If some years from now, borathium therapy  were to save the life of someone you loved, would you still condemn me?    Perfectly.  [Crusher's office] Focus the drechtal beams on the anterior and posterior spinal  roots.  Initiate.  Microtome. I'm severing the brain stem now.  Okay, let's remove the support frame.  Initiating DNA sequencer.  Once we're past the first two levels, we'll begin the encoding  sequence. Increase TCH levels to  (an alarm beeps)  The scanner is having trouble reading the Klingon dorsal root  ganglia.  Yes, but I thought I'd made sufficient adjustments. Bring me  the detronal scanner. I can scan the ganglia manually. It'll just take  a little longer.  Retract the paraspinal muscle.  I see them. Make sure the cranial segment is at least fifteen  centimetres from the brain stem.  Okay. Release retractors on the paraspinal. How much longer  can we keep him on life support?  Cover. Close, please.  Tissue growth proceeding at anticipated rates. No initial  signs of rejection.  (Alexander has fallen asleep on Troi's lap)  Okay. Ready. Terminate life support.  Neural connections appear stable.  Synaptic response falling.  Beginning direct synaptic stimulation.  He's going into cardiac arrest.  We're losing him. No BP, no pulse. Brain activity?  That'll kill him.  Doctor.  It was all going so well. No anomalies during replication, no  initial rejection.  [Sickbay] (Crusher enters)  What's going on?  Well, I'd say your patient's recovery is  going well. You're not even going to acknowledge what I did for him,  are you. You just can't admit that it was my research that made this  possible. 
