I believe he's telling the truth. He admits stealing the files but not sabotaging the dilithium chamber. I get no sense that he's lying. You've done a thorough job, Lieutenant. Yes, I can see that. I don't mind telling you I'm surprised. Frankly, when I first heard about your father. Yes. There are some who believe he betrayed your people to the Romulans. Of course. I only meant before I saw you in action, I naturally considered you a possible security risk. But I want you to know you have the Admiral's and my complete confidence. You have nothing to prove to us. Good. You know the ship, you know the personnel, you know exactly what we're up against. We're counting on you, Lieutenant. Did you ever hear him say anything? Anything that may have seemed innocent at the time that might now shed some light on this investigation? Did he ever make any comments that might, in retrospect, be suspicious? Wait. He's lying. He's desperately frightened. He's covering something. It's more than that. He wasn't truthful. He's covering a lie. One so big it's overwhelming him. I think we've found the man. [Ready room] An accident? I find that hard to believe. And he had confederates. Captain Picard Lieutenant Worf and I have been working well together. I suggest we continue, if for no other purpose than to determine Tarses' innocence. Mister Tarses. Isn't it true that you have access to the biological supplies in Sickbay? J'Dan used suspensions of deoxyribose to carry the encoded files he stole. Isn't it true one of your duties is to prepare those suspensions? And isn't it true that your security clearance allows you access to all the stores and files in Sickbay? Access which you can exercise at any time? What would you say if I told you there is evidence that the explosion in the engine room was caused by a corrosive chemical. One that is kept stored in Sickbay. How can we believe you? How can we believe someone whom we know, we know, to be a liar? Captain, there is a basis which will become clear in a moment. Mister Tarses, didn't you deliberately and premeditatively lied when you filled out your personnel application and compounded that lie by repeating it to this committee? Isn't it true that the paternal grandfather of whom you speak was not a Vulcan but was in fact a Romulan? That it is Romulan blood you carry and a Romulan heritage that you honour? (Riker whispers in Simon's ear) We're waiting, Mister Tarses. Your full name? Rank and position? How long have you held this post? Very well. Admiral? Captain, could you tell us just what happened on Stardate 44390? Let me refresh your memory. You were transporting a Vulcan ambassador, T'Pel. In fact, she was not a Vulcan at all, was she? She was a Romulan spy. A spy whom you were delivering back into the hands of the enemy. Don't you think it's questionable judgment, Captain, to have a security officer whose father was a Romulan collaborator? (Worf takes a couple of steps forward) Perhaps we should call a recess until tomorrow. [Observation lounge]
