I didn't feel a thing. Is that normal when one is transported, Captain? Those must be the matter energy conversion controls. May I take a look? Oh, I'd love that. That's a superconducting magnet, isn't it? Study, for the last sixteen years it is all I could Better be careful. Those can rip the iron right out of your blood cells. (The party moves on, minus Riker) Yes? Yes, of course. Yes, very. Tell me, Captain, who was the young man I met before? [Salia's quarters] Thank you for checking on us, Captain. I only hope our quarters on Daled Four will be this luxurious. How can I be a leader if I don't know anything about my people? What is expected of me once I'm there? How? It's very frustrating. It's not only that. Nobody's even asked me if this is something I want. And I have no choice. Don't you think I'm going to need more than instinct to do whatever is expected of me on Daled Four? [Engineering] Yes, Captain? Hurry, go, go. (The little furry creature runs out of the room) Certainly. Very much. I think I'll go on the tour. (The creature runs back in, chattering) Why can't I? This is the only chance I'll ever have to see a vessel like this. (The little creature morphs into Anya) You are no more an old woman than I am a leader. (Doorbell) Yes. Come in. Could you show me how to work the food dispenser? Oh. What should I order? I'd like something sweet. It's a wonderful sensation. You've been there? It must be fun to visit a planet like that. I've studied about some of them, but to see them, that would be wonderful. Tell me about some of the other places you've been. The only world I've known is Klavdia Three. How? Can a place so remarkable truly exist? I've learned about them. That's all I did on Klavdia Three, was learn. I know so much, but I've seen so little. For you. I have never seen anything so wondrous. It's breathtaking! And you've been to this place? If only it were possible. What is it? It's so beautiful! It's like this place has a voice and is trying to speak to us. Thank you for sharing all of this with me. This has all been so wonderful. I'm not even sure it's real. Not that. I mean the way I feel. I'm sure I won't. I've had a great time being with you, Wesley. When I was on Klavdia Three, all I could think of was leaving that isolation. What makes me sad is having to face it again after seeing what else is possible. Yes. What else do you know? I'm not certain. I only know I will have many responsibilities when I get there. Your language has no word for the position I'll hold. In many ways I'll have even less freedom than I did on Klavdia Three. On the Enterprise? Because I can't. (Salia leaves) Stay away from me! I'm sorry. I can't stay here! I can't have this life! I want it more than anything, but I can't have it! Not for you. Why won't you let me have a friend? There's no danger here. Whether or not I see Wesley is for me to decide. Maybe what you want doesn't matter any more. Do you want me to leave? Then you want me to stay. That doesn't matter. I have certain rights. While she was asleep. I hope you didn't get in trouble from your Captain. Anya thought you would corrupt me. Maybe. With the normal things people do when they like each other. (Young love's first kiss, then Anya the monster is there, screeching) Wesley, get out of here now. Just go, please. No! Anya, No! (Salia morphs into something bigger, and Wesley goes to safety. The two women return to humanoid form) I had to. Come in. You're not going? You've raised me well, and I thank you for that. I know. Will I ever be able to leave Daled Four? That's what Wes said. Where will you go? I'm going to miss you. I am ready now. (Salia leaves and Worf enters) Wesley, I have to go now. What do you mean? Wesley, look at me. Right now, this minute, this is what I am. A humanoid girl. Does it matter? Our natural state is one unlike anything you can imagine. I'm sorry I hurt you. I didn't mean to. I love you, too. Yes, oh yes. I have the same feelings, the same emotions as you. You must believe me. Wesley, let's not say goodbye like this. (No reply, so she leaves him to nurse his broken heart) [Transporter room] Our world is grateful for the courtesy which you have extended us. That is my wish as well. I wish there were something I could give you. I'm glad you came to say goodbye. Thank you, for everything. I want you to leave now. I cannot arrive on my planet in this form, and I want you to remember me as I am now.
