We come to serve. Allow me to present she who is my wife. I prefer to view the conference room first. I will examine it for myself. They worry about my health, Captain. Too much. You will take me to the conference room, please. The room is not ready. The Legarans are very sensitive in matters of protocol. You will remove all the furniture from the room. The walls must be bare. I have worked for ninety three years in preparation for this meeting. It is vital that no detail be overlooked. That will be acceptable. These walls are too bright. [Bridge] It is of no importance. I said it is of no importance. My wife, you will leave me now. I require solitude. [Conference room] It was my wife's suggestion that we attend. It seemed an ideal diversion. Perrin can be quite logical, when she so chooses. Must not do what, my wife? If Captain Picard wishes to see me, he may do so. I regret that we have seen so little of each other during this voyage, Captain. You were speaking of your belief that I suffer from Bendii Syndrome. I have been accused of many things in my life, never an excess of emotion. On the contrary, I wish to assuage any fears the Captain may have regarding my capabilities. I believe there is a test for Bendii Syndrome. I will take it immediately. That would be a mistake. Captain, I give you my word. I am in perfect health. Is what the captain says true? Perrin, were you aware of this? Sakkath, I await an answer. Your efforts will no longer be required! It may not be wise but it is necessary. (Sakkath leaves) Leave me. I wish to speak with Captain Picard. Obey my wishes. There is nothing to fear. (Perrin and Mendrossen leave) You seem to forget, Captain, that I am a Vulcan. I am not affected by emotional considerations. I am a logical being. Present your arguments. I will listen. And it is your hypothesis that I am the cause of these incidents? I share your concern for your crew. However, you must agree it is not unusual for a starship to encounter unexplained phenomena. Therefore, since I can assure you that I am not the cause of your difficulties, the logical course would be to have your doctor to continue her search. Is your entire argument to be based on mere coincidence? Ah. I believe I see the flaw in your logic. You are reacting to their overprotective attitudes towards me. They are both somewhat emotional concerning my age. Am I to be blamed for the judgment of a child? Sakkath is young and inexperienced. He erred in his assumption that I needed help! What happened? I do not cry. You exaggerate, Captain. I recall only one tear. That is not possible! It was late. I was fatigued. Nothing more. The Legarans trust only me. They will not meet with any other member of the Federation. I must be allowed to complete my mission! There are no other logical solutions! What I meant was that I warn you! Your efforts to discredit me will not succeed! I will not be spoken to in this manner! It would be illogical for a Vulcan to show anger! It would be illogical! Illogical! Illogical! Illogical! Captain's log, supplemental. In three hours time we are scheduled to meet with the Legaran delegation. However, it is now all too evident that Ambassador Sarek is in no condition to proceed with the conference. [Ready room] A mind-meld? Between the two of us? Do you realise the dangers involved in what you are proposing, Captain? We would be linked telepathically, sharing our thoughts, becoming in essence one mind. It is a generous offer. But I must warn you that while I would gain your stability, you would experience the fierce onslaught of emotions unleashed by my condition. Vulcan emotions are extremely intense. We have learned to suppress them. No human would be able to control them. They would overwhelm you. The mind-meld can be a terrible intimacy. I cannot allow it. Your courage honours me, Captain. [Picard's quarters] I see that you are ready, Captain. A sensible precaution. (They sit on opposite sides of a small table, then Sarek reaches across to Picard in the time-honoured fashion) My mind to your mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. [Bridge] Number One, please inform the Legaran delegation that Sarek of Vulcan is on his way to welcome them. Yes. All went as planned. Don't worry, Number One. I am myself again. It has been a long time. [Picard's quarters] (Jean-Luc is voicing the agony Sarek had been keeping locked inside himself) I will take my leave of you now, Captain. I do not think we shall meet again. We shall always retain the best part of the other inside us. Live long and prosper. (And, holding Perrin's hand, Sarek and his party are beamed away) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I gave Spock the benefit of experience, of logic. He never listened.
Go from me! No more chaos! No more. I will not answer! I wish no one with me. Spock? Is that you, Picard? You're here, on Vulcan. He's not here. On Romulus? why? On Romulus? You're going there, aren't you? To find him. (Sarek gets out of bed) No. Pardek? It could be Pardek. He is a Romulan Senator. Spock has maintained a relationship with him over the years. I don't know how they met. At the Khitomer Conference, I'd imagine. Yes, I'm sure he did. In fact, I recall Spock coming to me with optimism about a continuing dialogue with the Romulans. I told him it was illogical to maintain such an expectation. Spock was always so impressionable. This Romulan, Pardek, had no support at home. Of course, in the end I was proven correct. I gave Spock the benefit of experience, of logic. He never listened. Never listened. Never! I will accept many things, but never that. The Romulan Senator? How do you know Pardek? That's what he's done. He's gone to see Pardek. No. I never knew what Spock was doing. When he was a boy, he would disappear for days into the mountains. I asked him where he had gone, what he had done, he refused to tell me. I insisted that he tell me. He would not. I forbade him to go. He ignored me. I punished him. He endured it, silently. But always he returned to the mountains. One might as well ask the river not to run. (lies down again) But secretly I admired him, the proud core of him that would not yield. Tell him, Picard. (Sarek tries to make the hand signal, but Picard has to put his fingers into the correct positions) Live long and and. Live long and. Spock. My son.
