Captain Picard. Delighted to be here. I managed to acquire my former staff. My aide, Sabin Genestra, from Betazed, and my assistant, Nellen Tore, from Delb Two. Captain, if Starfleet Command is so concerned with your report they brought me out of retirement, I think I should get right to work. First, I'd like to inspect the damage to your engine room. [Engineering] Yes. Have you been able to make any assessments? The schematics that were stolen from the Enterprise, I believe some involved the articulation frame of the dilithium chamber. Captain, I think I'm going to need a full briefing before we go any further. Commander Data, La Forge, I don't envy you your job. Good luck. [Ready room] I don't believe what Starfleet Command knows or doesn't know is for me to reveal. We're aware of that, Captain. What we must concentrate on is the business at hand. (doorbell) Well done, Lieutenant. Or perhaps with their knowledge. The body itself becomes a conveyor of top secret files. Lieutenant Worf, when we confront J'Dan, I want you to conduct the interrogation. Captain, I predict that officer will be extremely valuable in this investigation. [Interrogation room] Lieutenant, how did you damage the dilithium chamber? You mean it was sheer coincidence that it was sabotaged after you gave the plans for the design to the Romulans? You've admitted your crime. Why lie now? Sabin? I think, Captain, you have a bigger problem on your ship than one Klingon exchange officer. [Satie's quarters] (the Admiral is serving tea, I think) I've seen this before. The spectre of conspiracy on a starship is a frightening one. Captain, I find myself changing my mind about you. When Starfleet ordered me here, it was with the express command that we work together on this problem as equals. My father taught me to avoid partnerships. Most of them are woefully lop-sided. You knew my father? He was an extraordinary man. Every night at the dinner table he would pose a question for debate. My big brothers and I would wrangle it around, from one side and the other. Father would referee, and he kept a stopwatch on us so we'd have to learn brevity. But he wouldn't let us leave until he thought we'd completely explored the issue. More than once. Father loved it when I nailed one of them with some subtle point of logic. All that I am, I owe to him. He was a giant. Captain, I always preferred working alone. That way, if something goes wrong, I don't have to go far for the cause. I resented you being assigned to me, but I was wrong. We're going to be quite a team. [Observation lounge] And how often did Lieutenant J'Dan come in for his injections? Did you administer them yourself? Then who did? Mister Tarses, your records state that you were born on Mars Colony. Then you are human? Yes, I see that. Tell me, what is your relationship with the Klingon, J'Dan? Did you give him those injections? Did you ever see him outside Sickbay? Thank you, Mister Tarses. I don't think there's need for more. Captain? Sabin has uncanny instincts. I've learned to trust them. But you have a Betazoid counsellor. Surely you're aware of the advantages. Are you saying you never use your counsellor during interrogations? Nor do I. If Counsellor Troi suggested to you that someone on the ship were dangerous, would you not act on that? Observe him? Curb his activity? Oh, nonsense. Let's keep our priorities straight. The important thing is to uncover the conspiracy on this ship and to prevent further damage. Now, if Tarses is a possible saboteur, you cannot allow him access to sensitive areas of the ship, and I strongly suggest continuous surveillance. We will have clear evidence. Sabin and Lieutenant Worf are continuing to investigate. But if you don't act until then, it may be too late. And while you're being so generous, you give a saboteur a chance to strike again. Last time it was just a hatch cover/ What if next time it's more serious? What if lives are lost? Can you afford not to act? What did you find? I'm afraid I'm out of my element, Commander. You'll have to interpret for me. Yes? And what caused them? Let us keep our perspective, gentlemen. Just because there was no sabotage doesn't mean there isn't a conspiracy on this ship. We do have a confessed spy. Of course he did. Do you think J'Dan could have come on board the flagship of the Federation and accomplished what he did without help from within? Of course he is. What Sabin is saying is that he and Lieutenant Worf would like to establish his innocence unequivocally, for his own sake. It isn't good to have closed door proceedings for too long. It invites rumour and speculation. Because spies and saboteurs don't like the bright light of an open inquiry. They're like roaches, scurrying for the dark corner. Doctor Crusher, have you observed Crewman Tarses with J'Dan? I meant outside of Sickbay. And whom else have you observed at these occasions? If it was so innocent, why do you hesitate to give us the names? Mister Worf has found a brother who still lives on Mars Colony. Contact someone there and have him interviewed. And start a background check into all his friends at the Academy training programme. Yes, Captain? Of course. Of course. After all, you are my partner in this. [Ready room] I cannot possibly believe you mean this. It was a tactic. A way of applying pressure. And how, may I ask, have you managed to determine that? I see. And he told you he was a victim of circumstance, blameless and pure. How can you be so incredibly naive? Captain, may I tell you how I've spent the last four years? From planet to Starbase to planet. I have no home. I live on starships and shuttlecraft. I haven't seen a family member in years. I have no friends. But I have a purpose. My father taught me from the time I was a little girl still clutching a blanket, that the United Federation of Planets is the most remarkable institution ever conceived. And it is my cause to make sure that this extraordinary union be preserved. I cannot imagine why you are trying to block this investigation. There have been others in the past who doubted me. They came to regret it. I have news for you, Captain. I've been in constant contact with Starfleet Command. The hearings are not going to stop. They're going to be expanded. I'm going to get to the heart of this conspiracy if it means investigating every last person on this ship. And every hearing from now on will be held in the presence of Admiral Thomas Henry of Starfleet Security. I've requested he be brought here at once. I report to Starfleet Command directly. I do not need your permission or your approval for my decisions. Do what you must, Captain. And so will I. [Bridge] If you have a statement, you'll have an opportunity to make it later. Very well. Captain, do you believe in the Prime Directive? In fact, it's Starfleet General Order Number One, is it not? Would it surprise you to learn that you have violated the Prime Directive a total of nine times since you took command of the Enterprise? I must say, Captain, it surprised the hell out of me. Yes, we're looking into those reports, Captain, very closely into those reports, after which I'm sure we'll have more questions for you about your so-called commitment to Starfleet's Prime Directive. I don't think we need the preamble. Tell me, Captain, when the deception was revealed and she stood proudly on the bridge of a Romulan ship, did you make any effort to retrieve her? No. Even though you knew she carried Federation secrets that she'd been accumulating for years? Really, Lieutenant? And where were you when this traitor was on board the Enterprise? Where was ship's Security? Tell me, Captain, have you completely recovered from your experience with the Borg? It must have been awful for you, actually becoming one of them, being forced to use your vast knowledge of Starfleet operations to aid the Borg. Just how many of our ships were lost? Thirty nine? And a loss of life, I believe, measured at nearly eleven thousand. One wonders how you can sleep at night, having caused so much destruction. I question your actions, Captain. I question your choices. I question your loyalty. How dare you! You who consort with Romulans invoke my father's name to support your traitorous arguments. It is an offence to everything I hold dear. And to hear those words used to subvert the United Federation of Planets. My father was a great man. His name stands for integrity and principle. You dirty his name when you speak it. He loved the Federation, but you, Captain, corrupt it. You undermine our very way of life. I will expose you for what you are. I've brought down bigger men than you, Picard! (Admiral Henry walks out) I have nothing more to say.
