(the man in the hat) Then proceed. Welcome to Ramatis. We serve as translators. We convey not only his thoughts, but his emotional intent as well. I am the Scholar. I represent the intellect, and speak in matters of judgement, philosophy, logic. Also, I am the dreamer, the part that longs to see the beauty beyond the truth which is always the first duty of art. I am the poet who Speak to me! Speak directly to me. Then none is perceived. Not that unusual, indeed it is similar to the House of Hanover of your planet Earth, all who had haemophilia. Or the leaders of Fendaus Five, who were without limbs. My Chorus is so attuned, they can hear my thoughts and translate to you. It is a relationship which goes back for centuries. Their ancestors provided the same service to my ancestors. Very well. First, Captain, may I say it is an honour to be on board such a fine vessel. Now, please, continue with the introductions. It is an honour to meet you. (Riva places his right hand in the centre of Riker's chest) It is a pleasure to meet such a unique individual. And you don't resent it? Either. What is your position on the ship? So, if you have rooms for us? Enough. Thank you, Captain, there is no need to continue. The specific issues of the conflict have no relevance. The portfolio will indicate that the conflict is over a piece of land, or wealth, or some other tangible asset. But we both know that is not the case. Exactly. The basis for peace must also be personal. This is an historic confrontation, correct? What's changed? They have been killing each other for a long time, now they want to talk peace. So something about this situation has recently changed. What's the new piece to the puzzle? Well, if not easier, at least possible, for now they are motivated. But it doesn't matter. I'll find something. I always have. To date, I have never failed. Now, unless there is something else? I'm sure I can resolve that. Put them on the viewscreen. It is sufficient. I will need to see a topographical overlay of the battle area in order to pick a site for the meetings. Then I will need your help in creating the proper setting. There. beam us down to that hilltop and inform the factions to join us. The time for killing is come to an end. [Transporter room] You won't need those. Yes, this will do. It is important that we set this up properly. Commander. If it be possible, I would like torches here and here. A table here. Three sided, and if possible made to resemble indigenous rock. [Engineering] It shouldn't be too long. They won't go quickly. The first few minutes will be very tense. Please stay calm, and do not respond even if you are provoked. I have no magic. You have been fighting all your lives. You know only (The second faction's guard interrupts him)
