(formerly known as Woman) Gowron has suffered another loss in the Mempa system. His forces will not threaten you in that region for some time. The convoy will arrive in due course. (Lursa enters) Who's commanding this fleet? Silence the child, or send him away. Movar, I want you to return to Romulus immediately. Have all available ships rendezvous at these coordinates in two days. Perhaps. [Great Hall] They're using the beams as a detection field. Issue orders to begin work on a way to penetrate this field. In the meantime, we'll have to convince Captain Picard he should leave. [Bridge] No, Captain. I am Commander Sela. The woman you knew as Tasha Yar was my mother. Deploying an invasion fleet along our border is a clear act of aggression, Captain. It will not be tolerated. You have twenty hours to recall your ships and return peacefully to Federation territory. [Observation lounge] Well, Captain, what is this urgent matter we need to discuss? Ah. Then I can tell my superiors that a fleet of twenty three Federation starships is on our border for, what, humanitarian reasons? Nor do we have any plan to do so. But Captain, if for any reason we chose to enter Klingon territory, how would you stop us? With our cloaking devices we can slip by you at will. You sound eager for us to try. Perhaps you've discovered a method in detecting our ships? However, I don't think you asked me here to discuss our military situation. You want the answer to the only question on your mind. How could Tasha Yar be my mother? But you know that's impossible. She would have been a child when that battle occurred. Yes, she was on that ship twenty four years ago. She was sent there by you from the future. She was among those few who survived. They were all to have been executed after the interrogation, but a Romulan general saw her and became enamoured with her. So a deal was struck. Their lives would be spared if she became his consort. I was born a year later. One night, when I was four years old, she came to me. She bundled me up and she told me to stay quiet as we left the compound. I realised she was taking me away. She was taking me away from my home, my father, so I cried out. My father offered her life. He gave her a home, gave her a child, and how did she repay him? By betrayal. They executed her. Everything in me that was human died that day with my mother. All that's left is Romulan. Never doubt that. You have fourteen hours, Captain. I suggest you use them wisely. [Duras' home] (Worf is snoring as B'Etor letches over him, then he wakes) Enough, Lursa. You failed. I need to know the strength and capabilities of the Federation fleet. I don't have time for this. Turn him over to the guard. B'Etor can have him back when they've finished with him. You mean they were caught unprepared and now they're crying for help. Have the science sections found a way to circumvent the detection grid yet? Good. Their warp drive is failing. He doesn't have enough ships to maintain the network. No. I don't think so. Yes I know and so does Picard. He's giving us exactly what we need and he expects us to take it. No. We won't step into Picard's trap. We will disable part of his network here, where they're weakest. We'll direct the energy burst right at the ship with the android Captain. [Bridge] Now. (the beam fires at the Sutherland) Come to course zero eight zero mark two nine five. [Bridge] Reverse course. Order the fleet back to Romulan territory. We've been exposed. It's over. Tell them they're on their own. [Sutherland Bridge]
That will become clear very shortly. Captain Picard, welcome to Romulus. I trust you've enjoyed your visit. And this is the android I have come to respect in battle. The great Spock. Very well. Senator Pardek, your service to the Romulan people is noted and appreciated. Do not be distressed. Your dream of reunification is not dead. It will simply take a different form. The Romulan conquest of Vulcan. Bring them. First Officer's log, supplemental. The Enterprise has reached Galorndon Core, near the border of the Neutral Zone. [Bridge] Come in, gentlemen. Take a seat, please. (she continues working on a PADD) Excuse me, I'm just finishing up a speech. For you, Mister Spock. I rather enjoy writing. I don't get to do it often in this job. Please feel free to change any words that you wish. I've tried to make it sound Vulcan. A lot of unnecessarily long words. In a few hours, you will deliver this statement alongside our Senate Proconsul. It will announce to the Vulcan people that a peace envoy is on its way from Romulus. We will transmit it on all Federation subspace frequencies. Actually, three Vulcan ships, Captain. The Enterprise is only aware of the one we stole from Qualor Two. We have been following your investigation. It has forced us to make some minor changes. One of them, a message sent in your name, ordering them to stay where they are. In that event, the Enterprise will be given more important matters to attend to. In the meantime, Ambassador Spock will be telling his people to welcome the peace envoy. And when they do, our forces will seize control before anyone realises what has happened. Of course it will, and we're fully prepared for it. But we will be there, entrenched, and it will be very difficult to get us out once we are. Reunification will become a fact of life. If you do not, you will die. All of you will die. I hate Vulcans. I hate the logic. I hate the arrogance. Very well. Computer, holographic programme Spock One. By taking advantage of holographic sampling during the last several days, we have created a programmable Spock. Run programme! Freeze. We would have preferred an interactive Spock who could have responded to questions, but this will have to suffice. I don't need to convince them. Just confuse them long enough to reach Vulcan. End programme. If you'll excuse me, it's time to send our ships on their journey. (Sela and the guards leave) Impossible! There's no way they could have gotten out of this room. How did you get in here? Cease fire. Holograms. (Spock comes out of a presumably holographic wall and neck pinches a guard. Picard punches the other one) It doesn't matter what you do now. Spock's announcement will be made in minutes. Our forces will be on Vulcan before you can alert anyone. [Bridge] You'll never get out of this building.
