You look good, son. Put on a little weight, huh? Sure you have. Looks good on you. Still working out with those Holodeck monsters, I bet. Always good to meet another Chief Petty Officer. Sergey Rozhenko, formerly of the USS Intrepid. (shakes hands) Don't call me sir. I used to work for a living. Can you imagine an old enlisted man like me raising a boy to be an officer? Yes, I want to see everything. The whole ship. At home I have all the specs and diagrams of the Galaxy-class starships. I'm sure if you asked the Captain Fine. Fine. Okay. So we walked into the school and we don't know what to expect. Is Worf hurt? Is he in some kind of trouble? The door opens and there is our little seven year old sitting on a chair and glaring across the room at five teenage boys, all of them with bloody noses. I just wanted to tell him the story about Okay. Okay. Enough stories. Well, how about giving us a look at the new engine core. I used to be a warp field specialist on the old Excelsior class. I can find my own way. Turbolift four is just over there, right? I have all the specs and designs at home. (Worf and Helena leave) Amazing. Commander, if you have a couple of minutes, there is something else I want to ask you. It's about my son. [Chez Picard] (a proper family evening meal is being served around a table in the paneled part of the main room) It's a great crew, son, and they think the world of you. We're just excited to be here. Maybe we should just leave it alone. Sergey and Helena Rozhenko He never wanted any human food while he was growing up. Everything had to be Klingon. However, we never quite learned how to eat it. We didn't do anything special. We had to let him discover and explore his heritage by himself, let him find his own path. Are we disturbing you? Our boy was in trouble. After we read your letter about the discommendation from the Klingons. We don't have to. We know what kind of man you are. That is not true. And that we're proud of you, and that we love you. Quite a ship you have here, Captain. Well, actually, there are still a few areas because of the repairs Yes. Yes. Okay. I have all the specs and diagrams at home. (The doors close on the family. Picard grins) [Chez Picard] (It's late evening)
