Federation ship, do you read? I require urgent assistance. Federation ship. Please, help me. Requesting asylum. Under pursuit. Federation craft. Please, you must help me! I must see your captain immediately. This cannot wait. I have information vital to your survival. Captain's log, Stardate 43462.5. We have beamed aboard an apparent Romulan defector, who claims to be a low ranking logistics officer with extraordinary information about a secret offensive. [Observation lounge] The humiliating defeat at the Battle of Cheron has not been forgotten. The new leaders have vowed to discard the treaty and claim the Neutral Zone. Nelvana Three is just the first step. In forty-eight hours, the reactor core will be online. It would seem so. In two days, a fleet of Romulan warbirds will be within striking distance of fifteen Federation sectors. Then it is war that we're talking about, isn't it? Destroy the base now and the threat is over. No doubt you will wish to question me further. I set the auto-destruct sequencer before I left the ship. Wouldn't you? To prevent your ship from being captured? I am not a traitor. All you can see is the opportunity to exploit me. The Federation credo, exploitation. You couldn't get aboard my ship fast enough. Strip it down. What secrets might it reveal that we can use? You're a short sighted people. Can't you understand? I came to stop a war. Thank you, Doctor. How fortunate you know something of Romulan medicine. Ah, yes. The incident at Galorndon Core. The two officers. It was common knowledge. I can show you my rating code. How do you allow Klingon pahtk to walk around in a Starfleet uniform? Remove this tohzah from my sight. Lieutenant Worf. I like him. To be more accurate, I understand him. A warrior, proud, fearless, living only for combat. Exactly the type that will get us all killed, if we're not careful. [Guest quarters] Computer, water. Twelve onkians. Any temperature at all on the cold side of whatever your system is. (He takes a sip, has a quick look around, then sits on the bed and takes an orange disc from his boot) [Bridge] Why must we waste time playing this ridiculous game? I have told you everything relevant about Nelvana Three. The base is all that matters. Go to Nelvana Three, and you will see. No. I don't know it. For one sector only. Admiral Jarok. I don't know. Irrelevant. Irrelevant. Irrelevant. What a fool I've been. To come looking for courage in a lair of cowards. [Bridge] I take it you have never seen a Romulan before. Then why do you invade my privacy? You're the android. I know a host of Romulan cyberneticists that would love to be this close to you. Nor should you. I thought it would bring me some comfort. But these are not my stars. Even the heavens are denied to me here. Synthetic swill. I don't suppose your food terminals would be capable of producing a Romulan ale? The loss is yours. For I have visited over a hundred different worlds, and none possessed the awesome beauty of Romulus. What I did had to be done. But to never again see the firefalls of Gath Gal'thong, and the spires of my home as they rise above the Apnex Sea at dawn. It's a bitter thing to be exiled from your home. The cold reaction of an android. The valley of Chula. I know it well. I no longer live here. Turn it off. This. This is my home now. My future. I have sacrificed everything. It must not be in vain. Arrange a meeting between myself and Captain Picard. Tell him Admiral Jarok wants to see him. [Ready room]
