Away team ready. Understood. We've found the Captain's uniform and his communicator. We're resuming our search. (La Forge and Wesley enter)
Data, fluctuate phaser resonance frequencies. Random settings. Keep them changing. Don't give them time to adapt. All you know how to do is play it safe. If you can't make the big decisions, Commander, I suggest you make room for someone who can. (The Borg kidnap Picard) Shelby to Enterprise. We've found the Captain's uniform and his communicator. Impossible. You realise, Admiral, that with the assistance of Captain Picard, the Borg will be prepared for your defences. Of course, Admiral. Accelerator coils are responding normally. Checking. Sensors are fine. No. Aft shields have completely failed. Damn it. Auxiliary generators are out again. The main navigational deflector is functional again. Sherbourne and Barclay are running through the final testing sequence now. Reconstruction is proceeding normally. It's slow work. If we can nail down this shield generator problem, I agree with La Forge. We should be at operating capacity in two to three hours. Anything else, sir? I didn't get Picard. Sir, I Some might define that as the role of a first officer. Captain Riker, based on our past relationship, there's no reason for me to expect to become your first officer except you need me. I know how to get things done, and I have the expertise in the Borg. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. What about the heavy graviton beam we were talking about? Nanites? The Tolstoy, the Kyushu, the Melbourne. (Riker bows his head briefly for the crew that might have been his) Sir. I must remind you that Captain Picard was briefed on that plan. The Borg will be prepared for it Crusher, Cartaino, Gleason. Report to the Battle Bridge. Ready for separation. Auto-sep sequence initiated. [Engineering] Fire. [Battle bridge] Acknowledged. Fire antimatter spread. (Picard watches the lovely fireworks display, trying to figure it out) [Shuttlecraft] Captain, we've sustained damage to the impulse drive. [Battle bridge] Captain, the Borg have entered Sector zero zero one. (A little later, Riker and Worf enter) The Borg have dropped out of warp, sir. Jupiter outpost nine two reported visual contact at twelve hundred hours, thirteen minutes. Responding. No reports on effectiveness but I can't believe that against the Borg I think we got their attention. They operate as a single mind. On screen. Try the power systems, Data. See if you can get them to power down. Then it's over. Delighted, sir. Mister Worf. [Borg ship] (She arrives with Worf and a security guard) Shelby to Enterprise. It's true. They're all in a regeneration mode. [Corridor] Checking. Shelby to Enterprise. There are indications here that their entire power net's about to feed back on itself. I'd say we're looking at a self-destruct sequence activated by the Borg's malfunction. Do you want us to attempt to disarm it? [Data's lab] Request permission to disembark, sir. We'll have the fleet back up in less than a year. I imagine you'll get your choice of any Starfleet command, sir. I hope I have the fortune of serving with you again, sir. Captain. (Shelby leaves)
