Not all the Klingons at Khitomer were killed during the massacre. Many were captured by the Romulans and placed in a prison camp on a remote planet. Your father was among them. This is a homing device. It will allow you to find my ship when I return.
Klingon. You are Starfleet Klingon. Worf. Son of Mogh. I am Jaglom Shrek, a man with information to sell. I would not be so sure. It is about your father, Mogh. That is what you believe. What if I tell you he is still alive? [Somewhere dark and private] No, he's not. I know where he is. I expect to be paid for my information. Perhaps we could negotiate an exchange. The location of your father, for Not all of the Klingons at Khitomer were killed during the massacre. Many were captured by the Romulans and placed in a prison camp on a remote planet. Your father was among them. Not far from here. I could give you the location, for a price. Lieutenant Worf. You have reconsidered. Excellent. I can provide you with the coordinates. No, it's not possible. I have no means of transportation. I, I do not have the time. I have other business. (Worf dangles Shrek over the railing) No. The camp is located on the edge of Romulan space. It is a dangerous journey. Very well. But I will require full payment in advance. But (Worf leans him further over the railing) Yes, yes, of course. After. The Romulan guards have a detection perimeter. It will be necessary to transport you to the surface thirty kilometres from the prison camp. That would be unwise. This is not an empty jungle. There are many predators. Very well. But I recommend that you look up from time to time. The arboreal needle snake likes to attack from above. I will provide you with a map of the camp. It is not important for you to know. I sell information. I do not give it away. I have my reasons, Mister Worf. We will arrive in the Carraya Sector in approximately three hours. I suggest you get some rest. [Ready room] The camp is in a southeasterly direction. After approximately ten kilometres, you will come to the edge of the sulphur canyon. Look for a riverbank and follow it until you come to the camp. This is a homing device. It will allow you to find my ship when I return. I will not be landing in the same location. Fifty hours. Do not be late. (Worf sets off, looking up regularly. Many hours later, he hears splashing and finds himself spying on someone who has just been bathing in a pool. We discover this is a Klingon young lady)
