(a Bajoran woman) No. Yes. That is correct, sir. No, sir. I was flying solely on sensor readings at the time. I did not have any visual contact with Cadet Albert's ship when he broke formation. I don't know, sir. I don't remember, sir. You shouldn't have said it, Nick. Josh wasn't responsible for what happened. We might as well turn in our uniforms and start packing our bags. You don't have to lie. Just don't volunteer any new information.
(gold, Bajoran) Can't we just try and have a good time here? The Vedeks of the Janalan order maintain a round the clock chant for the benefit of the Bajoran people. Who are they talking about? Come on, Ben. Phasers locked. Firing. I'm sorry, sir. When we changed course I had to re-lock phasers before I could fire. Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. (Riker, Data, Worf and Picard leave) The Argaya system's close to the Cardassian border. I wonder why we're going there. How'd you like to be a spider under that table? A spider under the table. I guess so. You did really well during the drill. You're imagining things. I guess he figured I need more practice than you do. [Engineering] I only filled in at Ops for a half hour, but I had to degauss the main deflector dish, recalibrate the navigation grid, and use internal sensors to find a lost puppy. I can't figure out why I'm even being considered for this assignment. I'm a security officer. I'll try not to let you down, sir. (at a table) Hi. I'm not supposed to let anyone but the senior officers inside Sickbay. No, do you? Sir. [Bridge] Yes, sir. [Ready room] Seven months, sir. I do, sir. Sir? With all due respect that was three years ago. My record since then I can assure you, sir, that I would never, never jeopardise lives by participating in Sir, I know I should have told the truth right from the start Sir, if you had any idea what it was like after that incident. I didn't have any friends. I didn't have anyone to talk to. I had to take my flight test with the instructor because no one else would be my partner. In a lot of ways it would have been easier to just walk away, but I didn't. I stuck with it. Doesn't that say something about my character, too? Maybe. He said it shows I don't have character. What could I say? Maybe he's right. He must, otherwise he would not be considering you for the Ops position. Look, it's getting late. Maybe we should all get some sleep. Bye. Yes, sir. Gik'tal? I should practice first. No. Yes, sir. Yes, but How am I supposed to defend myself when I can't see a thing? No. It's not a fair test. What? By taking off the blindfold? One thing I don't understand. Doesn't gik'tal mean to the death? Sir, is there really such a thing as a gik'tal challenge? All I've ever wanted is to make a career for myself in Starfleet. I can't change what happened at the Academy. No one can. All I can do is work hard and try to earn the respect of the people I serve with. If you're not going to give me that chance, then I respectfully request that you transfer me to another ship. Permission to speak freely, sir? If you didn't want me on your ship you should have said so when I was assigned to it. It's not your place to punish me for what I did at the Academy. I've worked hard here. My record is exemplary. If you're going to judge me, judge me for what I am now. I don't understand, sir. Can I ask what that mission is, sir? Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. [Sickbay] I understand, sir. Then I volunteer, sir. I'm Bajoran. No one knows better than I do what Cardassians do to their prisoners. I've made my decision. Yes, sir. (Sito leaves) The Captain asked Doctor Crusher to make it look like Joret had mistreated me. (she's got bruises on her face) Sir. I want you to know that I really appreciate the fact that you've always had confidence in me. I'll see you soon. [Shuttlecraft] When they stop us, do you want me to say anything? Can I ask you something? Why are you doing this, risking your life to help Starfleet? I never thought I'd hear a Cardassian say something like that. Patrol ships moving in on our position.
