(a down-home country boy, y'all) What is that? You mean a robot? Now, listen, guys. I paid some idiot a lot of money to freeze me when I died, and I just got to hear the words. Am I alive? And the liver that was about to explode in my face? Cryonics. You know, freeze you now and heal you later. The whacko who sold me this scam said that by putting us in orbit there weren't gonna be no chance of a brown out. The whole deal was a long shot but I figured what the hell, might as well give them the dough instead of leaving it to my ex-wives. But you know, son, I figured it was all just a bunch of hooey. There you go, now you got it. I'd like me a thick Kansas City steak, and some country fried potatoes, and a mess of greens. Oh, hell, just forget all that and give me have a martini, straight up, with two olives. For the vitamins. (The glass appears out of thin air. Sonny samples it and whistles) Wrong? Only that your computer here fixed about the best martini I have ever had. I just might get to like this place. Let's see if the Braves are on. How do you turn on this teevee? Yeah, the boob tube. I'd like to see how the Braves are doing after all this time. Probably still finding ways to lose. Well, what do you guys do? I mean, you don't drink, and you ain't got no TV. Must be kind of boring, ain't it? The Yankee's right. Let's get the big boy in here. Duty calls. Hey, I understand. (to Data) Why don't you come back later on. You and me'll find us a couple of low mileage pit woofies, and help'em build a memory. [Corridor] Captain, I need to see that pretty little Doctor of yours. I just got to have a little something to jump start the morning, and a little something else to shut down the night. It ain't a question of need, darling. It's a matter of survival. Not to worry. Old Watosh'll scuffle along the best way he can. How do I get a hold of that feller with the strange looking face? What's his name. That android fella. That's the one. Much obliged. You know, you're just about the prettiest little old Doctor I ever seen. Look, I'm about to go out of my mind for something to do. I mean, sitting here alone just don't get it. What say you and I put together a little party? No, nothing that fancy. Just some folks, some suds, and some sounds. Hell, it ain't nothing but something to do. Great, you do that. You mean being here on this tub four hundred years from where I started? Heck, it's the same dance, it's just a different tune. You think anybody here's got a guitar I could borrow? I was kind of hoping to get one while I still remember the chords. What's this Neutral Zone? Why does that make me nervous? We won't be inviting these Romulans to our party, will we? Even if you're right, what can we do about it? And besides, these old boys here don't need us telling them where the bear sits. Look here what that young fella made for me. (It's a guitar) He called it a pattern replication. It plays real good, too. Hey, now, these folks don't need us swimming in their soup, so why don't you just relax and let'em do their jobs? Well, one good thing is, since everybody's forgotten everything I ever did, it'll all be brand spanking new. I'll be a bigger hit than I ever was. What say you, son. You'd make a hell of a sideman.
