Yeah. Why? He's not taking the exams. Archaeology, semantics, literature, art. You could learn a lot from Captain Picard. (Picard exits the turbolift, face like thunder, arm full of books) Are you sure he can do it, sir? Geordi's an engineer, not a weapons specialist. What makes you think the Pakleds even have that kind of gear on board? Count on it. Ready, Commander Riker.
Hot chocolate, please. Well, since it's listed as intelligent circuitry, why not? After all, working with so much artificial intelligence can be dehumanising, right? So why not combat that tendency with a little simple courtesy. Thank you. Have I been talking too much? Oh, I do tend to have a bit of a motor mouth, especially when I'm excited. A nd you don't know how exciting it is to get this assignment. Everyone in class, I mean everyone, wants the Enterprise. I mean, it would have been all right to spend some time on Reiner Six doing phase work with anti-matter. That's my specialty. I did it again. It's just that Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. I shouldn't even have this in Engineering. It's just we were talking and I forgot I had it in my hand. I'm going to go finish it over here. Lieutenant La Forge? This is not going to happen again. (So she turns around and her drink collides with Captain Picard, going all over his uniform) Oh, no! Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, Captain. Oh, I wasn't looking. It's all over you. At least let me, sir. Oh, Ensign Sonya Gomez. I just want to say, sir, that I'm very excited about this assignment and I promise to serve you and my ship, your ship, this ship, to the best of my ability. Oh, my. First impressions, right? Isn't that what they say? First impressions are the most important. Where are we going? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I can't do. Yes, I am. I had to be. I had to be the best because only the best get to be here. Geordi, Lieutenant Whatever is out here, we're going to be the first humans to see it. And I want to be a part of that. I want to understand it. Okay. Okay. I appreciate your advice, Lieutenant. And, I'll take it to heart. I'll go with you. [Bridge] I can't get the shields up. No, it wouldn't help. The circuits which control the shields, they've been fused. Eighteen people. Dead, just like that. No, I can't. I keep seeing them. Right, right, of course. [Observation lounge]
