You're right on time. (We next see Data reclining in a chair. The old man has just finished doing something to his communicator) Open. One of these. And one of these. There you are. (Data sits up) I sent for you. In a manner of speaking. I always loved that face. Please sit down. I'm sure your starship will be back for you soon. Please, sit down. Tell me, do I look somewhat familiar to you? There we are. It's your lucky day, Data. You've found your long lost father, and he's alive. What do you think of that? I've never felt too comfortable living anywhere without a prearranged route of escape. I admit, I wouldn't have guessed I'd be running from a giant snowflake, but Good. Good, good, good. Keep it up. Keep it up. Old Tom Handy swore you'd never master that. Data, Data, whistle for me. (Data does his bad, off-key 'Pop goes the Weasel') Oh, well. All right, that's enough. Sit down. (he inspects a plant) Beautiful, beautiful. You know, I've been able to keep track of you from time to time. You've become something of a celebrity in cybernetic circles. Data, why Starfleet? I gave you the ability to choose whatever you wanted. To do whatever you wanted. Why Starfleet? Ah. So you decided to emulate your emancipators, huh? How disappointing. Well, I often hoped you might become a scientist. Perhaps even a cyberneticist. I see nothing wrong with that. Certainly. Anything you like. Why does a painter paint? Why does a boxer box? You know what Michelangelo used to say? That the sculptures he made were already there before he started, hidden in the marble. All he needed to do was remove the unneeded bits. It wasn't quite that easy with you, Data. But the need to do it, my need to do it, was no different than Michelangelo's need. Now let me ask you a question. Why are humans so fascinated by old things? Old buildings, churches, walls, ancient things, antique things, tables, clocks, knick knacks. Why? Why, why? If you brought a Noophian to Earth, he'd probably look around and say, tear that old village down, it's hanging in rags. Build me something new, something efficient. But to a human, that old house, that ancient wall, it's a shrine, something to be cherished. Again, I ask you, why? What's so important about the past? People got sick, they needed money. Why tie yourself to that? Ah hah!! Why? And this continuity, does it only run one way, backwards, to the past? So you believe that having children gives humans a sense of immortality, do you? And to yours as well, Data. (The door opens and someone else enters) Looks like we have ourselves a family reunion. (A little later, Soong is performing the same dentistry on Lore that he did on Data) Open. Don't be ridiculous, Data. Lore is far from the maniacal android you have made him out to be. In any case, he'll obey me. He always did. Shh! One more. That should do it. (Lore wakes, sees Data, and makes a lunge for him. Soong intervenes) Data had nothing to do with this, Lore. And nobody captured you. Not exactly, that is. You see, both of your brains contain a simple homing device. Data's was activated purposefully. Yours, well, until you walked through that door I had no idea you'd ever been reassembled. Lore, wait. There are questions I can answer. You'll have no chance to ask them later. You see, I'm dying. (That stops Lore in his tracks) Yes, I'm dying. I wish it were. [Observation lounge] The only one I can give you. You were not functioning properly. I wouldn't exactly have used the word envious, Data. The last thing you should think of yourself as, Data, is less perfect. The two of you are virtually identical, except for a bit of programming. You were the first. You meant as much to me as Data ever did, but you were unstable. The colonists were not envious of you, they were afraid of you. You were unstable. It wasn't as easy as that. The next, the next logical step was to construct Data. Afterward, I planned to get back to you, to fix you. Enough! Both of you, sit down. Sit down. For all these years I've been plagued by what went wrong. With all of your complexities, Lore, your nuances, basic emotions seemed almost simple by comparison. But the emotion turned, and twisted, became entangled with ambition. Lore, if I had known you were no longer sitting in pieces on some distant shelf, if I had known that I could simply press a button and bring you here, I would have spent those years trying to make things right for you as well. But all I knew of was Data. So I worked long and hard, and now I believe I've succeeded. This is why I brought you here, Data. Basic emotions. Simple feelings, Data. Your feelings. I've imagined how hard it's been for you, living amongst beings so moved by emotion. (Both androids stare at the tiny chip held in the tweezers) Perhaps with this you'll learn to be more trusting, Data. Your brother has had good reason to be bitter. He wasn't given the chance that you and I were given, to live. But now I'm sure he understands why I had to do what I had to do. If there were only time, Lore. What a shame. The procedure is quite simple. I'm tired. I need to rest, first, I'm tired. (And he leaves the brothers eyeing each other) [Corridor] Data? How do you feel? You called me Father. What did Lore tell you about that? Data, how you are feeling? Lore! This won't work. Those circuits, they weren't designed for you. Where's Data? It was not meant for you. You're not listening to me. It must be removed. I didn't know you were alive. If I had (Soong reaches for Lore, who grabs his arm and throws him across the lab) So alike. He saw I couldn't tell you apart. There was only one chip. I tried to tell him, but I couldn't. If I wanted to I couldn't build another one. It's all right. Access your third nested memory file and execute instruction five one five five. That will clear your memory block. Young man, I've lived here a long time. I have no plans to die anywhere else. Go, go, go, go Data. Go. Go with your friends. Everybody dies, Data. Well, almost everybody. Yes, in many ways, I'd like to believe. You will, in your own way. Goodbye. Goodbye, Data.
Of course it's different. It's never the same. Always changing. Unpredictable. It doesn't make sense. I don't know, Data. What is happening? A beginning. Still a little grounded in the mundane, but showing promise. You're not supposed to. No man should know where his dreams come from. It spoils the mystery, the fun. I'm proud of you, son. I wasn't sure you'd ever develop the cognitive abilities to make it this far. But if you're here, if you can see me, you've crossed over the threshold from being a collection of circuits and subprocessors and have started a wonderful journey. Think of it, think of it as an empty sky. Shh. Just dream, Data. Dream. Data, you are the bird. (and he flies along the corridor, past Soong and out into the wonders of space before waking up again in Engineering) [Corridor]
Whoever you are, you must have found out about Juliana. I programmed this hologram to answer any questions you might have. I am Noonian Soong. I created her. Data? I hoped somehow it might be you. I even created a response programme to answer your questions. How are you, boy? I'm glad you got the chance to meet your mother. You're right. But there was a real Juliana O'Donnell. She was my wife. She helped me create you. She was injured when the Crystalline Entity attacked. We made it as far as Terlina Three but, she slipped into a coma. When I realised nothing could be done for her, I built an android. I tried to perfect my synaptic scanning technique so that I could transfer Juliana's memories into a positronic matrix. I didn't know if it would work, but I had to try. I couldn't stand the thought of losing the only woman I ever loved. A few days after Juliana died, I activated the android. She looked up at me and smiled. She recognised me. It had worked! Here was a life not two minutes old, and as far as she knew I was her husband. She'd just recovered from a terrible injury. It was incredible. Why? There was no reason for her to know. I wanted her to be happy. I wanted us to be happy. We were. For a while. I made a terrible mistake. I never really let her know how much I loved her. So she left me. The real Juliana probably would have left too, if she'd lived. She doesn't have to know. I designed her to shut down in the event the truth was discovered. When you put that chip back in, she will wake up and remember nothing. All you have to do is make up some excuse about what happened to her. Truth? The truth is, in every way that matters, she is Juliana Soong. I programmed her to terminate after a long life. Let her live out her days, and die believing she was human. Don't rob her of that, son. Please. [Observation lounge]
