I know you're working with her. I warn you, it's a mistake. Don't bother to deny it. I've seen the two of you together. Tell her I want the disc returned to me immediately. I am rapidly losing patience with you. I demand you talk business. Obviously you've never dealt with my people before. Then you know the Ferengi are not to be trifled with. You dare to insult me? You expect me to believe such feeble lies? This is not over yet, human. The disc is mine! And so is the woman. Remember that. (Sovak leaves. Vash ends her massage and comes over) And you said you didn't know her. Return the disc to me and all will be forgiven. I have a proposal I believe you'll find most interesting. I am willing to pay you your weight in gold in exchange for the disc. Is that not a generous offer? (Vash leaves) I must have that woman. [Picard's room] (Picard walks in on the two aliens scanning his room) I expected such treachery. Did you think you could sneak away from me so easily? ((Sovak presses something into Picard's back and pushes them to a quiet area) The disc. Where is it? You're making a grave mistake putting your trust in this woman. Silence! Do you know how she acquired the disc in the first place? I paid her to steal it. But instead she betrayed me, and used my money to make her way here. She's a greedy and unscrupulous woman. A perfect mate for a Ferengi. As are you, human. Perhaps I should kill you and then take the disc. So the betrayer is herself betrayed. You've put together quite a little team. I found the disc in her room. Only the outer casing was incinerated. Now, I had no intention of interrupting you. Please, continue digging. (They've got about a metre down when Picard throws down his shovel) No one told you to stop digging, human. You will do as I say. Is this some pathetic attempt at trickery? Of course it's here. We simply haven't found it yet. Enough with this foolishness. Can't you see he's trying to deceive us? Return to work this instant! Lies! Treachery! This cannot be happening. Not another failure. Not after having come so close. No, I will not be cheated out of my prize. Tell him. Tell him the professor's research is irrefutable. Then step aside. (Sovak starts digging for himself) The Uthat is here, somewhere. It's just waiting to be found. It can't hide from me forever. [Vash's room]
