You have found him, Captain Picard. And now, the conclusion. [Romulan caves] What are you doing on Romulus? It is no concern of Starfleet. You may assure your superiors, Captain, that I am here on a personal mission of peace, and I will advise Starfleet when it is appropriate. You cannot remain here, Captain Picard. Cowboy diplomacy? That is precisely what I had hoped to avoid. Sarek? Sarek is dead? Walk with me, Picard. [Romulan cavern] (a sort of living quarters adjoining the cave) I know of your mind-meld with my father which enabled him to complete his last mission. He was a great representative of the Vulcan people and of the Federation. Emotional disarray was a symptom of the illness from which he suffered. Sarek would no more approve my coming here than you do, Picard. For some time now, I've been aware of a growing movement here of people who seek to learn the ideals of the Vulcan philosophy. They've been declared enemies of the state. But there are a few in the Romulan hierarchy like Pardek, who are sympathetic. He asked me to come now, because he believes it may be time to take the first step toward reunification. It would seem unlikely to succeed, but I cannot ignore the potential rewards that a union between our two worlds would bring. There is a new Proconsul in the Romulan Senate. He is young and idealistic. He has promised many reforms. Pardek believes that he may be receptive to discussing reunification. A personal decision, Captain. Perhaps you are aware of the small role I played in the overture to peace with the Klingons. Not entirely. It was I who committed Captain Kirk to that peace mission, and I who had to bear the responsibility for the consequences to him and his crew. Quite simply, I am unwilling to risk anyone's life but my own on this occasion. So I ask you respect my wishes and leave. You speak as my father would if he were here, Picard. I was involved with cowboy diplomacy, as you describe it, long before you were born. In your own way, you are as stubborn as another Captain of the Enterprise I once knew. The Senate has adjourned. Pardek will be here shortly. There are groups in every populated area. I've personally spoken with members from four provinces. It has become a serious concern for the Romulan leadership. I sense you have a closed mind, Captain. Closed minds have kept these two worlds apart for centuries. In the Federation, we have learned from experience to view the Romulans with distrust. We can either choose to live with that enmity or seek an opportunity to change it. I choose the latter. One can begin to reshape the landscape with a single flower, Captain. This is my friend, D'Tan. He's very curious about Vulcan. Where did you get this? This is very old. Yes, I will. I did not anticipate such a passionate response to my arrival. If we are successful. Proconsul. I am honoured. That is their loss. I have found Pardek to have a unique insight into many issues. Are you prepared to support reunification? Forgive me, I did not expect to hear a Romulan Proconsul speak like a member of your underground. And do you believe that you can gain the support of your full Senate? They will be cautious. There are generations of distrust to overcome. As you wish. It is more than we could have hoped for. Captain Picard is correct. It is not logical for the Proconsul to support reunification at this time. I came here to determine the potential for reunification. In spite of what has occurred, I intend to continue with my efforts. I intend to meet with the Proconsul as planned. [Romulan cavern] On the contrary, I am pursuing the most logical course. I fear the influence of Sarek has coloured your attitudes, Captain, toward reunification and perhaps toward me. Curious that I should hear him so clearly now that he is dead. It is possible that I have brought my argument with Sarek to you, Captain. If so, I apologise. No, it is not. But it is true that I will miss the arguments. They were, finally, all that we had. I always had a different vision than my father. The ability to see beyond pure logic. He considered it weak, but I have discovered it to be a source of extraordinary strength. Sarek would have seen this mission of reunification as a fool's errand, but somehow I think it is not. Logic cannot explain why, I know that I must pursue this. If the Romulans do have an ulterior motive, it is in the interests of all concerned that we determine what it is. So, I will play the role that they would have me play. [Klingon quarters] (Data is back to his android self when Spock and Picard enter) May I assist you, Commander? I have had some experience in these matters. The Romulans have incorporated a forty three part cipher key into their entry sequence. He intrigues me, this Picard. Remarkably analytical and dispassionate, for a human. I understand why my father chose to mind-meld with him. There's almost a Vulcan quality to the man. More human? Fascinating. You have an efficient intellect, superior physical skills and no emotional impediments. There are Vulcans who aspire all their lives to achieve what you've been given by design. Yes. I have. I believe I have isolated the twenty ninth cipher access code. I shall attempt to access the Proconsul's files. Please. I have no regrets. Yes. Fascinating. [Piano bar] I have been meeting with the Proconsul. He speaks of nothing else. [Cafe] The syllabic nucleus of the Vulcan language. Your parents wanted you to learn to understand Vulcan? It means that the Proconsul has apparently been attempting to deceive me. For what purpose I cannot say yet. But his conversations with me have obviously been part of a greater plan which involves the stolen Vulcan ship. The time the Proconsul set for the subspace announcement of our peace initiative is fourteen hundred hours tomorrow. One four zero zero. Yes. You did. It is the only logical conclusion. You asked me to Romulus, you arranged the meetings with the Proconsul, and you knew that Picard and Data had returned to the surface with new information. I will not read this or any other statement. Since it is logical to conclude that you will kill us in any event, I choose not to cooperate. Commander Data, are they still unaware that we have access to their computers? Then perhaps you and I can find a way to create a diversion. [Bridge] I'm afraid I don't know too much about Romulan disruptor settings. (Sela surrenders) Cowboy diplomacy? (the fake wall vanishes) This is Ambassador Spock of Vulcan. By now, Federation sensors are tracking three Vulcan ships crossing the Neutral Zone. These ships carry a Romulan invasion force and must be stopped. I repeat, these ships carry a Romulan (transmission ends) Not bad. [Bridge] Captain, I will not be coming with you. The reason for my coming here has never been more clear. The union of Vulcan and the Romulan people will not be achieved by politics or by diplomacy, but it will be achieved. The answer has been here before us all along. An inexorable evolution toward a Vulcan philosophy has already begun. Like the first Vulcans, these people are struggling to a new enlightenment. It may take decades, even centuries for them to reach it, but they will reach it. And I must help. Not at all, Captain. I have found our arguments quite useful. Almost as useful as those I had with my father. Ironically, you may know Sarek better than his own son does. My father and I never chose to meld.
Indeed. You have found him, Captain Picard. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
