(wearing the C24 equivalent of corduroy) Spectacular, isn't it, my young friend? Over and over again, the intense gravitational pull of the little neutron star sucks up the star material from the red giant, and it builds up on the surface until it explodes, every one hundred and ninety six years. Like clockwork. And it is but eighteen hours away. The interstellar counterpart to Earth's Old Faithful. The only predictable burst of energy in the universe that can accomplish our goal. (Picard enters) Captain, I've been inspecting the Egg for the last twenty years. You may lay it when ready. Quite a dynamic family team, you Crushers. I'm not sure I'd want my mother to be flying through space with me. No, I take that back. I am sure. I wouldn't want her. My mother is a formidable woman, too. A woman of letters. A great critic. Good Lord, son. You didn't read that unauthorised biography? Is this all this boy does, Doctor? Fly the ship and read? Doesn't he ever have any fun? Well. I am whole again. Thank you, Doctor. Come along, Wesley. Let's go see if Humpty Dumpty is still in one piece. (Stubbs and Wesley leave, and Beverly goes to investigate the sound of running liquid. A food dispenser is overflowing a glass) No cracks in the armour. We'll do just fine. I have never doubted for a moment that this day would come, Wesley. And I suspect that some day it will come for you as well. I see a lot of me in you. In my youth, they called me a vunderkind. Do you understand vunderkind? It means wonder child. It is reserved for those of us who achieve early in life. Now the burden is yours. To fulfill your potential. You will never come up against a greater adversary than your own potential, my young friend. Captain, I'm sure you have everything under control. I'd just like to know what's going on. Attempting. That doesn't sound particularly reassuring. Captain, if we miss our chance now, we don't get another for two centuries. There will be many questions asked by Starfleet if the Enterprise fails in its duty Ensure the safety, Captain? Or are you really talking about playing it safe? I would rather die than leave. My dear Counsellor, no insult intended but please turn off your beam into my soul. I will share the feelings I wish to share. Well, if we do not leave in time, so be it. It's one sure way into the record books, eh? (Stubbs leaves, hands in pockets) No! The Egg that Stubbs laid. Nobody will say anything at all, Wesley. We will not even be mentioned. I could live with failure. Well, maybe not. But never even to try. To miss your one chance at bat. Do you know baseball? Once, centuries ago, it was the beloved national pastime of the Americas, Wesley. Abandoned by a society that prized fast food and faster games. Lost to impatience. But I have seen the great players make the great plays. No. In here. (his head) With the knowledge of statistics, runs, hits and errors, times at bat, box scores. Men like us do not need holodecks, Wesley. I have played seasons in my mind. It was my reward to myself for patience. Knowing my turn would come. Call your shot. Point to a star. One great blast and the crowd rises. A brand new era in astrophysics. Postponed one hundred and ninety six years on account of rain. [Laboratory] (Wesley is scanning his traps for the missing nanites. One seems to come up positive when Doctor Crusher enters) Evolved? How does a machine evolve? Why does a mosquito bite your ear? and who cares? The answer is simple. Call an exterminator. Oh really. I'm sorry but this is nonsense. You can't have a civilisation of computer chips. They're made in a plant in Dakar, Senegal. I've watched the construction. It's no more mysterious than watching a strain of the Leutscher virus reproduce itself. And that at least is a bona fide lifeform. How many disease germs and viruses have you destroyed in your time, Doctor Crusher? My good Captain. Gentlemen. I need a computer that is one hundred percent in less than eight hours, and we still have core reconstruction to consider. Have you considered a high level charge? I know. (So he fires something at a computer wall panel) [Ready room] You have no choice now. It is a matter of survival. But I am not a member of your crew, sir. I am a representative of the highest command of the Federation, which has directed you to perform my experiment. Good Lord, you are talking about machines with a screw loose. Simply turn them off and be done with them. A good point. You just can't resist, can you, Counsellor? Yes, yes. To break the shell. To get in touch with my true feelings. All right, Counsellor, what is it that has you so worried? But it will. Picard has no choice now. He must defend the Enterprise. Counsellor, when this is all over, I will show you New Manhattan on Beth Delta One as you've never seen it, and we will laugh over glasses of champagne. Yes, isn't it, though? A good try, Counsellor. But sometimes when you reach beneath a man's self portrait, as you so eloquently put it, deep down inside what you find is nothing at all. (Troi leaves and Stubbs returns to his mental reconstruction of a 1951 baseball game) Lockman on first, Dark on second. Thompson at the plate Branca on the mound. (Electric shorts blank out the various screens and monitors. Then a bolt of energy leaps from the replicator into Stubbs like a lightening hit. The guard outside hears his screams and forces the doors. Stubbs collapses into his arms) [Sickbay] Picard. You must protect me. Kill them! (The lights flicker and the ship trembles) [Bridge] I don't think this is a wise idea. They have already tried to kill me once. Captain, if I I am the one responsible for the deaths in the computer core. I deeply regret the incident. I am a scientist on an important mission. Your colleagues' exploration of the core memory put our mission at risk. I was only trying to protect a lifetime of work from being destroyed. I am at your mercy.
