You up and running, Brevelle? Freeze visual. [Observation lounge] (we've been watching the wall monitor) That's Hickman on the right, Mendez on the left, and as already noted, the recording was made by Ensign Brevelle five years ago. Mendez was seen on the Aries an hour before she disappeared. According to witnesses, she seemed completely normal. He just passed a routine physical on Alia Four with flying colours. Geordi, he was spotted by a Federation supply ship yesterday, on course to Tarchannen three. No, we never learned what happened or why. Forty nine people gone. Geordi and I are the only two left. Captain's log, stardate 44664.5. We've set a course to intercept Lieutenant Hickman's stolen shuttlecraft, and, hopefully, to discover the whereabouts of the other missing officers. [Ten Forward] And then I almost married Paul Bogrow. You remember. The one with the thin moustache. I know. Well, I decided I had prejudged him unfairly. And then I decided that I'd been right in the first place. What about you? That doesn't sound like my little brother who always wanted advice on women. I don't know. But I'm not ashamed to tell you I'm a little scared, you know? Well, if anybody's going to figure this out, it'll be the Leitjen and La Forge Show, right? We always made a good team. I'd like to volunteer to join you, sir. It's the shuttlepod Mendez stole from the Aries. (Geordi checks the pod's systems while Suzanna wanders around. She finds some three-toed tracks and follows them) Over here. (in among the bushes) Mendez and Brevelle are alive. You saw the footprints? They're here. Just stand still and listen. You can feel it. They're here. Stay away. Do I look as bad as I feel? What happened? I need to get back to the surface. I have work to do. I'm not going to stay locked up on this ship while the investigation's going on. Captain. Yes, sir. I understand. Sure. Let's get going. (Geordi and Susanna leave) Captain Picard's wrong. The way to handle this is to get back down there with a dozen away teams, fan out from the shuttle, we could cover a lot of ground in a hurry. Use proximity detectors, infrared sensors. (Susanna's hands are shaking) Oh, Geordi, it's started. What if what happened to the others is happening to me? Source? If we're pursuing a theory that somehow unknown aliens are involved, I think I should tell you that we didn't find tracks like that during the original investigation. Aliens or no aliens, why would our people start returning after five years, to be abducted? Something that happened while we were down there the first time? Look for some commonality, something we all touched. Maybe a plant, or the sand. We're wasting our time. Yeah, well, I was wrong. We're not going to find anything this way. We should go back to the planet. It's all down there. Everything we need to know. I can't look at that anymore. It hurts my eyes. I can't think. My brain feels like it's wrapped up in a blanket. I don't need a break. I need to get off the ship. Forget Crusher and forget your logs. Tarchannen's down there, Geordi. It's waiting for us. That's where we should go. Geordi! (She has a sort of fit and falls to the floor. There are strange veins showing on the back of her neck and the three middle fingers of each hand are fusing together) [Sickbay] Geordi? It's inside of me, Geordi. I can't fight it. It's winning. I want to make another sweep of the perimeter. La Forge, you start at building four. Mendez and Brevelle begin at two. I'll take five. (and the log ends) Doctor Crusher. (some blue veins on her but the skin is now pink and the face is human) What did you do? No, no, no. It's not a parasite, Doctor. It was their method of reproduction, to plant a DNA strand in a living host that causes metamorphosis. Geordi? He's gone? He's gone back to the planet? No, but we have to find him. You'll never be able to find him. I'm the only one who can. [Tarchannen] (the away team arrives and switches on their palm beacons) No, you must turn them off. The light frightens them. That's beyond their visual spectrum. They won't run away from it. No, he's here. They're all here. (they walk towards the rocks and bushes) There. (Data shines the UV, and three blue-veined humanoids appear. Two run straight away, one hesitates) Geordi, stop! (the group give chase) No, wait. (she and Data go on alone around the back of the buildings and find one frightened creature) Geordi? Geordi, my voice is familiar. Listen to it. You can feel that we share this. You know I'm not a threat. The others, Mendez, Brevelle, they don't exist as humans any more, but a part of you still does. You're not one of them yet, Geordi. I can help you if you'll just trust me. I know what's going on inside of you, the war you're fighting with yourself. Your humanity slipping away. The instinct to run, it's overpowering, but they know how to beat it now, Geordi. Look at me! I've come back, Geordi. Let me take you back, too. Just take my hand. Please. (slowly, tentatively, then rushing into her arms) We're going home, Geordi. [Sickbay] (after Geordi's surgery) None. I'm right here, Geordi, and so are Doctor Crusher and Captain Picard. Must've been because of all the good advice I used to give you.
