The ship again? (he's the same race as our spooky alien) I understand this must be disturbing for you, but try to relax. Tell me, where were you a moment ago? I can assure you this is not a stage. Do you remember your name? That's good. You're starting to come out of your delusional state. We discussed this. Do you remember, we contacted Starfleet and asked them about you? We spoke with Admiral Budrow. That's right. Now, I want you to focus on who I am. Do you remember me? I'm Doctor Syrus. Do you remember anything about where you are now? You tried to escape. You struggled with one of the attendants and hit your head on a door. Do you remember that? That's called transposition. You're projecting elements from your delusions onto events that really happened. But that's good. There was a time when you couldn't break away from your starship fantasy at all. You're in Ward forty seven of the Tilonus Institute for Mental Disorders. We'll talk more later. You don't have to remember everything today. You're making excellent progress. (Syrus leaves) Maybe you need another treatment. So you've accepted you're not from a starship? That it's all a delusion? And what about how you got here? I'm glad to hear you say that, because I just had a long talk with the hospital Administrator. He told me there are certain legal questions that have to be resolved relatively soon. Meaning we can't keep you here much longer. We're the only mental health facility on Tilonus Four. We have many people who need our help. I don't want to put any undue stress on you but we have to settle this case one way or another within the next few days. You're facing a choice. We can try to help you remember what happened using Reflection therapy. If it's successful, you would be fit to stand trial. It's a way for you to interact with the various facets of your personality. We scan the regions of your brain that control emotions and memory, and then project them holographically. A complete synaptic reconstruction of your cerebral cortex. We would neutralise the synaptic pathways responsible for your mental instability. I don't. The procedure is irreversible. You'd be left with a completely altered personality. The person you are now would cease to exist. I agree. This afternoon, if you're ready. I want you to understand that this isn't going to be easy. You'll be interacting with aspects of your psyche you've never dealt with before, and you may be disturbed by what they have to say. [Asylum cell] (a columnar device has been brought into the cell) Close your eyes. Try to relax. Clear your mind. (the device sends out a beam which scans Riker's face) Now, think back to before you came to the hospital. But don't try to remember specific incidents. Concentrate on how you felt. That's because she represents an aspect of your personality, and there are many parts of you that still believe you're on that starship. I asked you to get in touch with your feelings, and this is the part of you that responded. Talk to her about how you felt before you came here. You're doing very well. Now let's try to find out how you responded to these feelings. Try to focus on your actions. You felt trapped. What did you do? Try to associate your actions and emotions with logical thoughts. What do you think caused you to act and feel this way? That's Mister Suna, the hospital Administrator. You met him when you first arrived here. I don't know. Do you have anything to say to them? You've taken a big step today. You've finally turned your back on those delusions and all that they represent to you. We'll continue later. [Asylum common area] (Riker is slowly eating a plate of mush when Beverly enters in civilian clothes) He's not responding to the Reflection therapy. His delusions are growing more elaborate.
