Welcome, Mister La Forge. We've waited a long time to meet you. Indeed we have. You are going to be of great help to us. Good. Very good. Do not enjoy yourself too much on Risa. (the look-alike leaves. Geordi's visor is removed) Your visor will be returned to you, but first I want to show you something. That is not quite true. Allow me to demonstrate. I now have direct access to his visual cortex. He has no choice but to see what I wish him to see. I can feed him any image I choose. He will be unable to ignore it. His galvanic skin response has increased nine percent. It seems Commander La Forge, like many humans, has a low tolerance for watching others suffer. I am sorry, Commander. It is a necessary step. I apologize for your discomfort. (Taibak speaks to a figure which remains in the shadows throughout) Here. Observe how a spring day on his native Earth affects him. He's looking at a beautiful meadow, green trees, birds, a blue sky. The heartbeat slows, the galvanic skin response drops. The body responds to our stimuli. He is incapable of maintaining control of his own responses. Watch as I change the stimuli again. Once our work is done, La Forge will act normally, totally unaware of his conditioning. The perfect tool for our purpose. None, Commander. That is why we chose La Forge. The utilisation of his pre-existing neural implants makes our work impossible to detect. I will programme him to perform a series of specific tests, both before he leaves us and after he returns to the Enterprise. We'll be able to verify his effectiveness. Notice that his heart rate has slowed somewhat. He is becoming accustomed to the horrors he is witnessing. So, we change horrors. (Geordi screams) [Tactical area] Where are we, Mister La Forge? Who is that man sitting over there? (we see through Geordi's visor, in purple and green with Romulan characters on the screen) How long has he served with you? I want you to kill him. Take this phaser and kill Chief O'Brien. (O'Brien is talking quietly to colleagues when Geordi walks over) Freeze simulations. Commander, did you understand my request? Look at me. Now, what did I ask you to do? Then do as I asked. Resume programme. Good, Mister La Forge. Very good. Why don't you enjoy a drink with your friends? He still hesitated. Prepare the equipment for another session. Captain's log, stardate 44896.9. We are orbiting Krios, awaiting our first meeting with the Klingon Governor. Commander La Forge has rejoined the Enterprise from Risa. [Shuttlebay] (Geordi is unloading shuttle Onizuka)
