(a young woman) Yes, sir. I think so. Taitt, sir. I was just posted here six weeks ago. No, sir, I sure didn't. I think I've filtered out some of the sensor noise. I'll bring the modifications online. I'm not getting a comm. signal from anyone on the Captain's team. Sir, I'm picking up a vessel closing in on our location. It seems to match the configuration of a ship the Enterprise encountered at Ohniaka Three. Er, about ninety seconds. No, make that seventy seconds. Sir, the Borg ship is powering up its forward weapons array. They'll be in firing range in, in twenty seconds. Should I raise shields, sir? Ten seconds. Five seconds. Shields down to seventy percent. Er, right. (two torpedoes are fired) Direct hit, no damage. Sir, the Borg aren't following us. Sir, we've reached the coordinates of the conduit. The tachyon matrix is energised and ready to go. And Lieutenant Barnaby has returned from the surface. He'll be relieving me. Yes, sir. Aye, sir. Launching buoy now, sir. We have to assume the ship that attacked us is still in orbit. If their sensors function as well as ours it could be as little as thirty seconds. If your calculations are even slightly off, we'd hit the atmosphere. Sensors still can't locate the Borg ship. I'm trying to filter out the interference. I'm starting to get sensor resolution. There's the ship. Once we're in orbit, we should have about forty five seconds before they intercept us. We're in standard orbit, sir. The Borg ship is on the planet's far side, and is moving to intercept. They're preparing to fire. Shields down to eighty percent. Shields down to seventy three percent. Sir, that heading takes us directly into the sun. Sir, hull temperature is rising. Now at twelve thousand degrees C. Radiation level nearing ten thousand rads. (weapons hit) Shields at sixty two percent. Hull temperature is critical. We can't withstand this heat much longer. Hull temperature dropping. Down to seven thousand degrees. Sir, the Borg ship is taking up position relative to ours. They're going to wait for us to come out. Sir? I think I have an idea. I think it's possible we could induce a solar fusion eruption that would destroy the Borg ship. We need to direct a highly energetic particle beam onto the sun's surface. That should produce a superfluid gas eruption. If we target the right spot, the eruption would envelop the Borg ship. I did my senior honours thesis on solar dynamics. I've already configured the tractor emitters to create the particle beam and I've located the target point on the surface. Well I'll just have to make sure my calculations are accurate, Lieutenant. Yes, sir. (a beam lances out from the belly of the Enterprise) The target area of the photosphere is destabilising. Pressure wave expansion is accelerating.
