(to another female) Watch him. Plasma pressure is rising. I don't think you're going to have the chance. Plasma pressure has reached critical levels. Logic subsystems still not responding. Plasma pressure has exceeded maximum levels. Eight percent above critical and rising. Plasma pressure is eleven percent above critical. The containment fields are beginning to degrade. Plasma pressure is fourteen percent above critical. Plasma pressure is dropping. We're back into safe levels. How do you know so much about this outpost? The last time we engaged Starfleet, we lost a man. We can't afford any more casualties. If we can avoid a battle, I think we should. Baran wants to see the analysis of the last lot. He thinks you're moving a little slowly. Do you enjoy living dangerously, Galen? Baran can kill you in an instant if he activates his control device. He may need you now, but I know Baran, and I can tell you he's not going to back down forever. You accomplish nothing by provoking him. If Baran felt it were wise to let the crew know that, I'm sure he would have. What Baran knows, I know. I see no reason to tell you anything, but you can rest assured I don't necessarily share everything I know with Baran, either. This conversation, for example, will stay between us. He's been in charge of this crew for a long time. That almost sounds like a prelude to mutiny. I was right. You do like living dangerously. I like you, Galen. I can tolerate a lot from someone like you, but only to a point. I intend to complete this mission successfully and get what's been promised me. If it looks as though you're getting in the way of that, I'll deal with you myself. [Mercenary Bridge] I'm scanning. I think I've found them. I've lost transporter lock.
That almost sounds like a prelude to mutiny. The Enterprise has been badly damaged but they still have superior firepower. If we remain here, we will be destroyed. The logical course of action is to withdraw. I'm trying to decide if you're incredibly stupid or incredibly smart. Why didn't you continue to fire on the Enterprise when their shields dropped? I've watched you handle the weapon systems before. You know exactly how to bypass a problem like that. And why do you continue to argue with Riker? It should be obvious that by alienating Riker you also alienate Baran, and yet you continue to do so. Why? Tallera to Captain. I'm in the cargo hold. Galen's made a positive Terikon match on [Baran's quarters] Who are you? You're no smuggler and I don't think your name's Galen. You will tell me who you really are and what you are doing on this ship or I will kill you right here. I will not play games with you. I found the message you sent to the Enterprise. When Riker was using his command codes to drop their shields, you sent them a transmission on the same carrier wave. You're a Starfleet officer. Do not deny it. It is the only logical conclusion. My name is actually T'Paal, and I am a member of the V'Shar. That is correct. I infiltrated this ship a year ago posing as a Romulan mercenary. I'm here to investigate a possible threat to Vulcan. First things first, Galen. Who are you? Very well. To answer your question, for several years now, there has been a small but growing movement of extreme isolationists on Vulcan. A group that believes contact with alien races has polluted our culture and is destroying Vulcan purity. This group advocates the total isolation of Vulcan from the rest of the galaxy and the eradication of all alien influences from our planet. Agreed. But extremists often have a logic all their own. I am sure you are familiar with the ancient history of my people, before we found logic, before we found peace. There was even a time when we used our telepathic abilities as a weapon. A time when we learned to kill with a thought. You know of it? The Stone of Gol is real, but there is nothing supernatural or magical about it. It is a psionic resonator, a device which focuses and amplifies telepathic energy. It is one of the most devastating weapons ever conceived. The resonator was believed to have been destroyed during the Time of the Awakening. Only one piece is known to have survived and it was placed in a Vulcan museum under heavy guard. A year ago, that piece was stolen from the museum. Soon after, mercenary ships began raiding archaeological sites across the quadrant. We believe a member of the isolationist movement is attempting to reassemble the resonator. My orders are to find that assassin and stop him. Agreed. But Captain, I cannot allow the resonator to be assembled. If necessary, I will destroy this ship, its crew, all of us to prevent that from happening. Acting Captain's log, stardate 47160.1. The Enterprise is entering the Hyralan Sector, which I believe to be the next destination of the mercenary ship. [Bridge] What happened? Baran was nothing. We have a mission to complete and the crew needs a leader. (Picard shoots the control device) Remove that. I know that place. It was an underground stronghold for one of the factions during the last civil war. It's been abandoned for centuries. Fascinating. But I am not an archaeological expert. When we arrive at Vulcan, I will take these pieces to a secure holding area before going on to the Sanctuary. I prefer to go alone. It will arouse less suspicion on the part of the isolationists. Why did you do that? It was a wise precaution. Your offer is appreciated but our security forces are more than adequate. Captain, I do understand your human emotional need to be there at the final moment, but this is a Vulcan matter. Thank you. [Mercenary Bridge] That was not the agreement. They will not pay us until they get both pieces. That is all I was waiting for. Go to the navigational computer and check file one three seven slash omega. You'll find a message secretly transmitted to the Enterprise, containing our entire flight plan. The message was sent by Galen. He's a Starfleet officer. Agreed. Bring him as well. We'll use him as a hostage if Starfleet arrives. If not, we'll kill him on the surface. [T'Kareth sanctuary] (a stone chamber with carved walls) There. Your reward, as promised. That is all I could manage. I suggest you take it and leave. Very well. You will get what you deserve. (a strange field wraps Narik then throws him across the chamber. Tallera then sends a second one to do the same to Vekor) Go ahead, Captain. Pick up the phaser. See what good it will do. How little you understand what you're facing, Captain. You're used to fighting enemies like yourself. People on ships with defence shields, energy weapons, warp drives. But this is unlike anything you've ever faced. This is the power of the mind. Pick up the phaser, Captain. (Riker, Worf and two security guards beam in) You are about to see how wrong you are. No!
