Remarkable set of teeth. Breath smells like, well, it doesn't have any smell actually. You can close your mouth. Let's see. Heartbeat sounds a little odd, but seems very regular. Skin feels clammy, but you say you feel fine? No headaches, palpitations, sluggishness, indigestion? Ah. Malnutrition. You should try to eat something that will build strength and return your vitality. Lots of meat, butter, cheese, that should be a start. Quite so, quite so. I'm sure my grandmother would have called our friend here a demon or spirit or some kind of monster. But current scientific methodology allows us to dismiss such ridiculous superstitions and concentrate on scientific reality. You are an ice man. Yes. You probably come from a race of people who lived in the snow and ice of the Vellorian mountains. Your skin and eye colouration are a result of prolonged exposure to harsh winter conditions. Aside from your memory loss, you do not seem to have any symptoms of any illness that I am familiar with. No. You are an ice man. Now, get something to eat and a good night's rest, and I will come back tomorrow to see if your memory has begun to return. Hello, Gia. It's perfectly understandable. Your people probably all have great strength. It will allow them to fight off the ferocious creatures that live in the Vellorian Mountains. It's a well known fact. Well, not to my knowledge, but You feel slightly warm. Some fresh air and a brisk walk will do you good. Rock, fire, sky, and water are the basic elements of the universe. They can be found in every object, every person, every animal, everything. The rock in this wood can be felt by its weight and by its hardness. If we expose the wood to flame, we can encourage the fire within the wood to show itself. We can also see smoke, which is a part of the sky. The water in wood is difficult to see. Sometimes the elements are buried deep within the objects, but the four elements are always there. (Data raises his hand) Yes, Jayden? Oh? That will be enough for now, Jayden. As I told you earlier, our friend Jayden here has lost much of his memory, so I wouldn't put too much faith in any of his ideas. Now that will be all for today. I will see you tomorrow. Be sure to practice your spelling and arithmetic tonight. I suspect he (gets a handful of hair) I don't know. I've never encountered anything like this before. These lesions look like burn marks. The fluids of his body have overheated. That would explain the fever and the burning skin. Keep him cool, let plenty of fresh air into the house, and I want you to give him these herbs. That will bring his fluidic temperature down and allow this to pass. I will come back tomorrow and check on you. Jayden what are you doing? Gia? What is that? May I? How strong is the magnification? I see. Well they've all lived here in the village for many years. I'm sure they have many common experiences. Actually, Jayden, encountering you has been the most unusual experience that they've all shared recently. Still, it has to be more than just a coincidence that shortly after you arrived, people started to become ill. You have a fever. You should be in bed. But where is this pattern of light coming from? I don't see any particles coming from the pendant. It's a trick. All right. Let's say for the moment that you're right, that there are invisible particles coming from the metal. What should we do? All right. But when I return, I want a more thorough explanation of all this. And I want to examine your data, in detail. Let him rest for now. You should rest as well. Exerting yourself will only make you sicker. I'll be back. (Talur leaves and Gia goes into the study area. Data is wearing a hood)
