Captain Picard, right?. Here. (tosses a data file to Picard) You want to know all about your mission. Everything's on there. Orders and briefings, destination and heading, all that. Dee, I sensed you were out here. How've you been? Who? What are you? Incredible, an android. I can't read you at all. It's like you're not there. Oh. You better hurry up to the bridge with that. Captain wants you to run the orders, scan the technical schematics, and be ready to brief him in ten minutes. Right? Care to see my quarters? No. I'd rather get this briefing over with. Then be left alone until I'm needed. [Corridor] Oh, Data don't waste time. They call it Tin Man. The Vega probe found it orbiting Stromgren. Its energy source is unknown. The people who've studied the transmissions think it's a starship. And they're sure it's alive. No, no, no. Here. Starfleet believes it's an organic creature, born in space, living its life in the wastes between stars. No one knows where it came from, or why it's here. But we're going to meet it. We're going to talk to it. I'm going to talk to it. To communicate with it by subspace. Of course. Linguacode, universal translation, all that. It won't work. Tin Man is too different. Direct mind to mind contact is our only hope. Hell, I forgot. The Romulans. No. Actually, they're sending two. Data? Excellent. So, Data, I guess you're the brains of this outfit, huh? All right, all right. I should have brought up the Romulans earlier, but I was distracted. And no, Billy boy, I wasn't distracted on Ghorusda. If Darson had listened to me, no one would have died. No? Well I don't care whether you believe that or not. Captain's log, supplemental. Travelling at high warp, we are still several days from rendezvous with the mysterious entity which Starfleet has christened Tin Man. My immediate concern is with Tam Elbrun. Starfleet considers his unique abilities crucial to our mission, yet he seems to me unstable. [Crusher's office] Come in. (Deanna enters) How're things in the land of the living? Lonely? I can hear everything that everyone on this ship thinks. No one besides you seems to be missing my charming Because I'm not a nice man. Okay, okay. Because they scare me. They're too many minds. I can't shut them out. I never could learn. All their loves, their hates, their fears, their needs. It's like a tide that never ebbs. I could drown. You understood, at least a little, how I felt. I see you finally found a place to fit in. People to care about. Then there's Ghorusda. I've got enough doubt in my reliability without having to listen to Riker's and Picard's I thought everyone knew. Maybe I got too involved with the Ghorusdans, with their point of view. It happens to me. I wanted everyone to get along. I could have warned Darson more forcefully. Beautiful creatures, the Chandrans. Their minds are glacial. They have a lovely three day ritual for saying hello. Peaceful, untroubled people. Well, except for your friend Data. I like him. He's restful. Yeah? Well, having to get to know someone, just once, has its appeal. I mean, talking to them, instead of getting it all at once up here whether I want it or not. How could I not? Think of it, Dee. This intelligence that swims naked through space like a fish in the sea. Totally alien, mysterious, not like us at all. Ancient. And alone. So lonely, for so long. No. Well, yes, a little. But not quite on a conscious level. Impossible for me. Maybe not impossible for Tin Man. [Bridge] I guarantee that they don't want to talk to you, Captain. (Weapons hit, and the lights dim. The Romulan makes a strafing run then heads for the star) Their attack on us was incidental, Captain. Yes. To delay us. There is one more trailing us, Captain. A day or two behind. Data's right. This one's job is to beat us to Tin Man at any cost. In the mind of the Romulan commander during the attack. You're out of your mind, Picard! What if the Romulans find a way to persuade Tin Man to What? You do a lot of your work here? Nice. A little Spartan. Lots of work space, not much room to live. I don't guess you sleep. But you paint. In what way? Why? Must living beings have a purpose? Or do we exist for no reason but to exist? Ah, Data, you're uniquely qualified. You think a great deal about humanity and you're an honest researcher. You don't treat anything as trivial, or irrelevant. You want to try it all. True enough. But I think I understand you pretty well. It worries you that I can't read your mind? Perhaps you're just different. Not a sin, you know, though you may have heard otherwise. [Bridge] Why should it answer? What could it possibly have in common with them? No! No! We're not the target. It's Tin Man. Those are their orders if they can't secure the alien. They won't listen to you! (Tam closes his eyes and clenches his fists) Danger. Gomtuu. Do not allow. (Tin Man turns, presents its stern? to the Romulans and emits an energy pulse that blows the green machine to atoms. The pulse then hits the Enterprise, knocking everyone over and triggering Red Alert) But I'm going to live? I just warned it, that's all. I've been in contact with it, sensing impressions from it. It calls itself Gomtuu. It's old, Captain. It's roamed the universe for many thousands of years. Far away. Maybe beyond the galaxy. Once there were millions of them. It hasn't seen another of its kind for millennia. It's alone. It may be the last of its species. Captain, Gomtuu knows that the star will go nova soon. That's why it's here. It wants to die. There was an explosion in space. Radiation penetrating the outer layers. The crew. Oh, the crew died. Such loss. Empty pain, Hollowness. I know. I know. Tin Man hurts and wants to die. I can't do any more from out here. If you want me to really reach Tin Man, I have got to be in physical contact. I have got to go aboard. You don't trust me. Deanna, he's right. I don't know. I don't know what might happen but if you don't let me go, we fail our mission. Besides, at this point, you need all the help you can get. Even Tin Man's. [Engineering] Captain? Yes, Captain. No. No. Too much. Too much. I can't. No, don't. It's all right. It's all right now. Gomtuu was trying to communicate a lifetime of experiences to me in a few seconds, but I'm all right now. [Transporter room] Yes. (But for Data it is a solid surface) I know. I know everything now. Come on. (further on, a door opens for them) [Pilot chamber] (it seems empty) This is the control centre, where Gomtuu's crew guided their journeys. The ship and the crew existed symbiotically. They needed one another. When Gomtuu had no one left to care for, it no longer had a reason to exist. It is for me. Deanna was right. I'll lose myself here. (a chair grows up out of the floor) I'm not going back, Data. I'm staying here. [Bridge] Explain to them. Make them understand. Is to save Tin Man. And I will. But he's going to save me as well. All my life I have waited for this. A chance to find peace. Finally all the voices are silent. Only Tin Man speaks to me now. Don't you see, Data? This is where I belong. [Bridge]
