(a silver haired man) When you see it, do you hear any sounds? A woman? Try to touch the cup. Is there anything inside the cup? Like tea? (seeing herself dipping her finger into it) There's something else inside the cup. A spoon? Reach out for it. Keep listening to it, and hold out the brush. See if anyone takes it from you. You're entirely welcome, young lady. Perhaps someone else would care to try? (to Beverly) You, madam. You're thinking of that first childhood kiss. Would you like to remember more about it? You are right, but sometimes with a beautiful woman, I can not help myself. What my son means to say is, we think of ourselves as archaeologists of the mind. We believe that the history of a world is contained in the personal experience of its people. Exactly. The library we propose will be a vast storehouse of these individual memories. I'd be happy to probe your recollections, Captain. Most people find it an enjoyable experience. We won't be on your ship for long. This may be your last chance. I have found over the years there are many who want the experience of memory retrieval, but who lack some encouragement in order to come forward. You, Mister Worf? I would love to explore Klingon memories. But there is nothing to fear. Commander La Forge, you? I have rarely encountered such squeamish people. Doctor Crusher? Commander Riker? Oh, no, my dear. The technique requires special training. It is a serious commitment. Once Jev spent two days with a contingent of elderly Gentons. He couldn't get anything from them. I spent only one hour with them and retrieved a fragment from the Gentonian trade wars. I've been accused of putting people to sleep with one too many stories, Captain, but this is the first time it's ever been suggested that I might be the cause of someone's coma. Scrutiny does not frighten us. What are you suggesting, Captain? We're to be prisoners? And I refuse to be a party to any of these proceedings. (Tarmin leaves) Imzadi. I have asked that the finest physicians on my world meet with you all upon our return, to help you in your healing process. It has been three centuries since anyone was treated for this, this form of rape. But there are medical records from that era. It was a time of great violence among my people. A time we thought we had put far behind us. That this could happen now, it's unimaginable.
