You gave up your own command to take this assignment? In any war, natural disaster, even the most virulent plague, there are always survivors. Weapons systems? Commander, I recommend a minimum complement. We'll keep the first landing party small and mobile, until I'm confident that whatever killed the inhabitants of this planet isn't still down there. Tritanium. It's been melted. I don't know. Whatever it was, it's beyond our technology. Wow. (Data takes the moss from a big ray gun) It's undamaged. Maybe. Let's spread out a little. [Bridge] Commander! (Tasha destroys it with her phaser but the field remains) [Bridge] He can't answer you, Captain. That sooner or later someone or something will be along to collect him. [Bridge] Data's figured out what it is. Probably developed here. If it's found out, it encases the subject to await a more detailed interrogation later. This one is different. It's anticipating. Data, I need you. Set your phaser on kill. I'll lead left, you get it. (It takes both phasers to destroy it) Captain? Doctor Crusher? Enterprise, this is Lieutenant Yar. Mine's out too. Keep on working. I'll look for the Captain and Doctor Crusher. [Cavern] Data, I can't find them. Good. Now Geordi can get us out of here. Come on. The Captain and Doctor Crusher can't be far away. [Bridge] Maybe you should wait here while Data and I search for the Captain and Doctor Crusher. We'll do it just like before. (But there's a difference) It's got a deflector shield. We'll concentrate our fire and try to collapse its shield. Commander, we'll need you too. (It drops it's shield to fire at them) Now! (Three phasers and it takes some time for it to go boom) You're right, they keep getting better. Well this one took everything we had. I don't know how we'll handle the next one. If Data's calculations are correct, the next one should show itself in two minutes. We know, Captain. I'm surprised either of them survived. Data, you may be sturdy, but you're not indestructible. We'd better find a defensive position. If Data's right We're going to have company any minute now, and this time I don't know how we're going to stop it. Ship's log, supplemental. Lieutenant La Forge in command of the star drive section. After separating from the saucer, we have returned to Minos to rescue the away team. Unfortunately, I have only one option left, and it's a long shot. [Battle Bridge] We could split up. Confuse it, delay it. Something. It might give one of us long enough to get out of range. Forget I said it. These devices wiped out an entire planet. I don't think it has a range. On the other hand, we could look for deeper cover. None. [Cavern]
Captain, confirming class M reading there. But the sensors aren't showing any life readings. Not even vegetation. Data, I can't understand how you can hold the memories of four hundred and eleven people. If that means every experience, every day of their life? Recording signal locked onto the Enterprise, sir. Data, any idea at all why you were given the colonists' memories? You were just lying out there in the open? No identity record, no instructions? Then this very spot was your birthplace. No life readings in here either, sir. (They walk on until they come to a circular door, which opens for them) [Laboratory] (The lights come on. The apparatus is still functioning. Lasers and indicators are flashing and blinking) Until he tried to make Asimov's dream of a positronic brain come true. Aye, sir. (Tasha and Work leave) (Riker presses a button and a cover slides back to reveal a transparent torso and face mask. Data puts the mask over his own face) Lieutenant Yar to Commander Riker. Sir, this installation is big enough to hold hundreds of people. But all that's here now is empty beds. But how did Data escape that thing? Or Lore? By which Doctor Soong left proof behind that his experiment did work. Data, are you expecting Lore to come up here? He left your quarters some time ago. My turbo-sensors say he went to deck four. Worf? Captain? Speaking strictly as Security Chief, how much can you trust Data now? Thank you, sir. [Data's Quarters] (Lore pours out two glasses of champagne, and adds a substance to one of them. Data enters) It's transmitting no ID signal, Captain. Still no ID being transmitted, sir. Also no answer to our inquiries. (Geordi enters, or re-enters. Some time must have passed) Deflector shields holding, sir. Aye, sir.
Hailing frequencies open. Too much interference. The visual transmission is still breaking up. Captain, the tractor beam is available, if you want it. The solar flares are interfering with the tractor beam, Captain. I can't lock on. Yes. Captain, I strongly recommend against anyone from this ship beaming over. The solar interference is too great. I can't maintain a positive lock. [Bridge] Have them go to their own transporter room. It will be tricky, but perhaps I can link the two transporters in series and get them over with the increased power. I'm going to interconnect them. Hurry! We're running out of time. I don't think they're going to make it. Worf, how much time do we have? Captain T'Jon, are you there? Great. Activate your transporter. Set coordinates nine seven zero three mark two six eight. Mark two six eight! Then all six of you, get on the transporter platform. On my signal, energise. I've got their initial transporter signal. Interlock complete. Energise on my mark. Four, three, two, one, energise. (A big barrel arrives, no people) Aye, sir. Trying, sir. [Bridge] Reading six life forms, but I can't get a solid lock. The lock didn't hold. It's too late. [Bridge] (The freighter goes bang) Stop this. Now! Behave yourselves, gentlemen. (Security arrive) Escort our visitors to the observation lounge. (They leave) A natural electrical charge? Yes, and a difficult weapon to confiscate. [Corridor] Neither have I. I wonder how it evolved? Could be. I wonder how much power our guests can produce? That's an interesting ability. The question is, how do I defend against it? I don't know. But if they do, I'd better be ready for it. They're waiting for you in the observation lounge, sir. Captain, I'm receiving a call from Ornara. The signal is ragged, but I think I can put it on the viewscreen. Wesley, no one wants to become dependent. That happens later. On my home planet, there was so much poverty and violence, that for some the only escape was through drugs. It doesn't, but it makes you think it does. You have to understand, drugs can make you feel good. They make you feel on top of the world. You're happy, sure of yourself, in control. It doesn't feel artificial until the drug wears off. Then you pay the price. Before you know it, you're taking the drug not to feel good, but to keep from feeling bad. All you care about is getting your next dosage. Nothing else matters. Wesley, I hope you never do. Aligned? You'd have to ask the Captain. (Picard, Crusher, Sobi and Langor enter)
Sir, sensors indicate several recent photon explosions and heavy phaser activity. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. (A vision of weird coloured shapes, edges moving and blurring. As if the viewer has been taking something highly illegal and mind-altering) Aye, sir. [Batris Corridor] Too much interference. You have to get farther away from the Engineering section. [Bridge] Hailing frequencies open. They're with Worf on deck seventeen. Yes, sir. Near the auxiliary turbolift to the battle bridge. Shall I alert Lieutenant Worf? Captain, shall I stay at my tactical position or lead the security team? Aye, sir. [Corridor] Worf. Step aside. The Captain wants those two taken into custody. Go back! Please, turn around and go back to your mother. (Korris picks the girl up) Bridge, we have a hostage situation on deck seventeen. (Korris glares, and hands the girl to Worf, who gives her to her mother) Bridge, this is Lieutenant Yar. Disregard. Situation is under control. By order of the Captain, you are confined to Security. (Korris and Konmel are taken away) I thought for a minute we had a problem. Yes. It looked like Korris was going to hold that little girl as a hostage. Aye, sir. [Brig] (The prisoners are taking elements from their belts, the hooks from their boots and building a gun of some sort. Then Korris uses a metal piece to deactivate the forcefield) [Corridor] Lieutenant Yar to Bridge. [Bridge] There's been an escape. At least one of my security is dead. [Corridor] So is Konmel. Korris is loose and armed. Aye, sir. [Bridge] Captain, Korris is in main Engineering. Captain, he has a phaser aimed directly at the dilithium crystal chamber. [Bridge] At that range, one blast and He's on the second level armed with a phaser. We do not have a clear field of fire. Wait him out. I do not think that's a good idea, Worf. Right now he's running on adrenalin. Let it cool. There's no where he can go. That would destroy the Enterprise and him along with it.
Lieutenant Yar to Commander Riker, your presence is requested in Transporter room one. Yes, sir. There's an object of some kind beaming in from Haven. We're not sure. All right, let's bring it in. (It's a box, with a face in relief on the front of it) Jewels. Look at these jewels. We learned the rest of the story in security training. Some Tarellians made it to other worlds only to die along with the populations they infected. The bride and groom go naked? I'm certain I could disable their ship with a phaser burst, Captain. Tractor beam ready. Got them, sir. Negative, sir. They can't leave that ship.
We're not going without our shuttle crew. Enough! We have people who need attention. We won't hurt you, but we must help them. (Armus lets lose a bolt of energy which sends Tasha flying a long way. Riker and Data's phasers have no effect on Armus) Aye, sir. [Batris Corridor] Too much interference. You have to get farther away from the Engineering section. [Bridge]
Captain, we're receiving an audio signal from Angel One. Hailing frequencies open, sir. They've broken off transmission. What reason could we possibly have to deceive you? Yes. Tricorder doesn't show any listening devices or anything else of a threatening nature. As Mistress Beata is so fond of saying, good question. Certain cultures consider perfume an aphrodisiac. Hiding place? Why are they in hiding? I don't believe this. You're going to put that thing on and parade around like one of them? Well, I got to say, it's kind of sexy. This is Yar. [Beata's quarters] Commander? Set phasers to stun. Lieutenant Yar to Enterprise. Three to beam to the location of that platinum trace, Geordi. Energise. [Hideout] Where are the other survivors, Mister Ramsey? None of which is your concern any longer, Mister Ramsey. Call the others in, please. It's time to leave. [OC]: Yar to Enterprise. Prepare to beam three to our previous location, Geordi. After re-grouping with Commander Riker, we'll return to the ship. [Bridge] I'll inform the Commander. Yar out. One thing before we go. You said you were expecting us. Why? Energise. (The three beam away) Some show of force. The Enterprise could fly on autopilot, but with that virus knocking down our crew, we're going to be in sorry shape if things turn ugly. Haven't you been paying attention, Ramsey? You're scheduled to be executed tomorrow. It must be worse up there than we thought. Is that the civilised word for murder on this world? Which means there's still time for us to do something.
I'm getting too much interference, Captain. [Ten Forward] (Guinan's clothes are different, the place is noisy and very busy) It's clearing now, Captain. Definitely Federation starship. Accessing registry. NCC one seven oh one C. USS Enterprise. Military log, Combat date 43625.2. While investigating an unusual radiation anomaly, the Enterprise has encountered what could almost be called a ghost from its own past, the Enterprise-C, the immediate predecessor to this battleship. [Bridge] (Only the Captain has a centre chair. Riker has to lean on the rail) Captain. I'm able to scan the interior of the ship now, sir. Heavy damage to warp field nacelles and hull bearing struts. Internal space frame is... Life-signs, Captain! Readings are sporadic. It looks like they have massive casualties, but some are still alive. Enterprise C is sending out a distress call, sir. Audio only. Voice message has ended, Captain. I'm only receiving their automated distress signal now. Commander. (A sound of coughing. They move some debris and find another survivor) I'm reading forty percent on forward shields. What do you have on aft? That won't cut it. Commander, advise Lieutenant La Forge that shields are below minimum. How do you know your family's not still alive? What are the stats on main phaser banks? Good. Let's take a look at the torpedo launchers. You may not like the future. It's been a long war. The Federation has lost more than half of Starfleet to the Klingons. A lot of changes, Lieutenant. A lot of changes. Photon banks are depleted. Auxiliary fusion generators are down. [1701D Bridge] She was the first Galaxy Class warship built by the Federation. Forty two decks. Capable of transporting over six thousand troops. Four years. Straight out of the Academy. I was lucky to get the Enterprise. And soon. Our sensors have picked up Klingon warships in this sector, Captain. That's me, Captain. Deflector shield technology has advanced considerably during the war. Our heat dissipation rates are probably double those of the Enterprise-C, which means we can hang in a firefight a lot longer. Guinan? No, not yet. Is anything wrong? Just a couple of TKLs. We're in a hurry. Oh, this is, Lieutenant Castillo. (Guinan moves slowly away) First time for everything. It's just that I've never seen anything bother her before. Standard rations. Food replicators are on minimum power, so everything else is diverted to defensive systems. So where was I? You're going to need it, Lieutenant. Yeah. Okay, Castillo. Richard. So much for lunch. [Ready room] Captain Garrett says there were four Romulan warbirds. The Enterprise-C would be outmanned and outgunned. What? Oh, deck six. Sorry. No, I was just thinking about a lot of things. I've been working with one of the officers on the Enterprise-C. He's nice. I like him. I'm worried about what's going to happen to him. Good. Permission to remain for a moment, sir. I just wanted to say good luck. Your ship has much more manoeuvrability than the Romulan counterparts of that era. Actually, if you could just isolate... You'll do fine. Goodbye, Lieutenant. (weapons impact. Tasha dives to the ops console and starts working) Shields are up. Functioning. Firing phasers. This is Lieutenant Yar, sir. Captain Garrett is dead. [War room] Our coordinates have been transmitted to the Klingon command, sir. We mustn't remain here. I wish there was more time. Guinan, I have to know something. What happens to me in the other time line? But there's something more when you look at me, isn't there? I can see it in your eyes, Guinan. We've known each other too long. Where am I supposed to be? Do you know how? Captain, I request a transfer to the Enterprise-C. They need someone at Tactical. I'm not supposed to be here, sir. I don't belong here, sir. I'm supposed to be dead. I felt it was necessary. I know how important it is that they don't fail, Captain. That's why I'm requesting this transfer. No, Captain Garrett belongs on that ship. But she's dead. And I think there's a certain logic in this request. But Captain, at least with someone at Tactical, they will have a chance to defend themselves well. It may be a matter of seconds or minutes, but those could be the minutes that change history. Guinan says I died a senseless death in the other time line. I didn't like the sound of that, Captain. I've always known the risks that come with a Starfleet uniform. If I'm to die in one, I'd like my death to count for something. Thank you, sir. [1701C Bridge] I'll handle Tactical. Lieutenant Tasha Yar reporting for duty, sir. I am now. Captain Picard approved my request for transfer. I know the mission. These are my orders, Lieutenant. You need me here. Show me someone on your crew who can do the job better than I can. Aye, sir. Military log, supplemental. Lieutenant Tasha Yar has transferred to the Enterprise-C, where she has taken over tactical duties. Meanwhile, our long range scanners have picked up Klingon battle cruisers on an intercept course. [1701D Bridge]
Negative, Captain. They've identified their Captain as Bok. DaiMon Bok. Hailing frequencies open, sir. Hailing frequencies closed. Now open, sir. Intruder alert, sir. Hailing frequencies open, sir. (The Ferengi transporter is a curved effect, instead of vertical. Three big-eared little men appear in front of the viewscreen) Excuse, Captain, but the unidentified starship is coming in. Still no signal at all. Do you want the arriving vessel on main viewer, sir? It is only a thousand kilometres away now. No clue who they were? Yar to Enterprise. All clear, sir. (Picard and Crusher beam in) Shields up, sir. No way to beam over any help. You transferred some of his belongings from the Stargazer? Six photon torpedoes short, sir, probably used when the Captain destroyed his Ferengi attackers nine years ago. Otherwise fully armed. (Geordi is examining the globe device from the chest) Hailing frequencies open, sir. Sir, I have the Stargazer. We've lost him, sir.
We're being probed, sir. Most likely, but it's long range. Can't be certain where it's originating. (The ship shakes as a beam passes through it, including the holodeck, whose controls flicker and door briefly opens and closes a few times) Bridge to holodeck. We're approaching the Jaradan sector. Not a thing, sir. What do we do now, sir? Frequencies open, sir. Captain! Frequencies open. (Picard loosens his tie, puts his hands on his hips and takes a deep breath)
They've insisted on using their own transporter device, sir. They have, sir, precisely, and they're standing by for your signal. My duty, Lutan. I'm sorry, but I'm required to Nothing concealed, Captain. Would you care to accept it? I'd like to do it, sir. As a sign of respect, perhaps. This way, please. [Holodeck] (Tasha enters a command on a control, and puts on the robe it creates) Aikido one. (a mat and a white clothed figure appear) It won't move until my actions activate it. It's not a real person, Lutan. It has no life. Everything it does is controlled by computer. Who am I? Do you hear me? (It only moves when she feints an attack) But it will feel real when it hits you. (She demonstrates a couple of throws) Aikido, vanish. I could create two, even three, but really one is enough. As you fight with it, it learns, and before long it knows exactly how to defeat you. It forces us to keep improving. Fine, Captain but they're showing some signs of wear. Captain. Deanna. No, sir. Nothing, sir. Yes, of course it made me feel good when he. Troi, I'm your friend and you tricked me. I know I can win. Not that I'd take her life, of course, but I'd be glad to embarrass her. The idea of accusing me of taking (Picard enters) Which means they desperately need the vaccine, sir. And I know I can win this challenge. I think you should know that there is no physical training anywhere that matches Starfleet, especially its security people. Yareena, my acceptance had nothing to do with Lutan. Impossible, Yareena. I am a career Starfleet officer. I fight for the vaccine, That's the truth. In my world, it's a greater honour to refuse She won't budge. She loves him, without reservation. And she thinks I love him too. Of course I don't, Data. As Troi pointed out to me, I'm attracted to him but that is entirely different. I judge it excellent, sir. (Hagon enters, followed by two guards carrying boxes) These I understand. (Through the window they see Yareena practising on a multi-level surface, with the metal poles in it. Four lights soar to the sky) First Officer's log, supplemental. Captain Picard, faced with a critical need for a vaccine produced on this planet, has permitted Lieutenant Natasha Yar to engage in a fight to the death. I have yet to understand his reasoning or his plan. [Bridge] (Wesley enters, shyly) Any last minute instructions, sir? We're too late. She's growing cold. Oh no. No. [Centreplace] How so sad for you. You've lost everything. It's such a waste. No. There would be complications.
Neither seem like very promising Federation candidates, sir. Confirmed, sir. My sensors read nothing solid but considerable energy in changing patterns. Security to Sensor Maintenance. We're making a close sensor pass on an unusual object, Geordi. Any problems? Sensors ready, sir. Sorry to call you, sir. Not strictly security. It's about the dietary requirements of the Antican delegates. So did we, sir. Their live animals were beamed aboard. We were going to preserve the meat for them, but they say we must bring it to them alive. Your food supply is not on the same deck as the Selay delegation, sir. They appear to have the same feelings about you, sir. Thank you, sir. (Riker and Tasha leave) They should. Our delays are your delays. I must ask where you were during this vessel's Earth hours of eighteen hundred last night and zero seven hundred this morning. Sir, we're talking about hours here. One thing is clear. Almost all of the peace delegates answered our questions with lies. We can learn something from non-disclosure? Afoot? But since it doesn't show where they went, we're still in the dark. Yar here. Right away, sir. [Ready room] Where is he? The Transporter Chief has no idea what the coordinates were, sir. Captain! Sorry, Commander, but Security Team Two reports they've discovered a puddle of blood outside the Selay Quarters and they can't find one of the delegates and so It's good to see you, sir. The problem is that one of the cooks has just been asked to broil reptile for the Anticans, and it looks like the Selay delegate.
Confirm. I will be if you'll meet me on the holodeck later. I need your help on the Mishiama wrist-lock and break. If it works on you, I can use it on anyone. Science Officer Swenson. I'm more concerned with Lieutenant Minnerly's kick boxing. You bet on me? I can't, sir. We're receiving audio only. Aye, sir. No idea. We'll go around, just to be on the safe side. (The slick moves to stay between them and the shuttle) Let's try the other way. (It moves again) We're not going without our shuttle crew. Enough! We have people who need attention. We won't hurt you, but we must help them. (Armus lets lose a bolt of energy which sends Tasha flying a long way. Riker and Data's phasers have no effect on Armus) Hello, my friends. You are here now watching this image of me because I have died. It probably happened while I was on duty, and quickly, which is what I expected. Never forget I died doing exactly what I chose to do. What I want you to know is how much I loved my life, and those of you who shared it with me. You are my family. You all know where I came from and what my life was like before. But Starfleet took that frightened, angry young girl and tempered her. I have been blessed with your friendship and your love. Will Riker, you are the best. You trusted me, you encouraged me, and most of all you made me laugh. Deanna, you are capable of so much love. You taught me without ever having to say a word. I realised I could be feminine without losing anything. Ah, Worf. We are so much alike, you and I. Both warriors, orphans who found ourselves this family. I hope I met death with my eyes wide open. Beverly. Your fierce devotion comes from within. It can't be diminished. From you, I have learned to strive for excellence, no matter what the personal cost. Wesley, I'm sorry I won't be able to see you grow into the exceptional man you'll be. But your kindness and innocence are ageless. Geordi, in those moments I felt the most despair, you took my hand and helped me to see things differently. You taught me to look beyond the moment. My friend Data. You see things with the wonder of a child, and that makes you more human than any of us. Captain Jean-Luc Picard. I wish I could say you've been like a father to me, but I've never had one, so I don't know what it feels like. But if there was someone in this universe I could choose to be like, someone who I would want to make proud of me, it's you. You who have the heart of an explorer and the soul of a poet. So, you'll understand when I say, death is that state in which one exists only in the memory of others. Which is why it is not an end. No goodbyes. Just good memories. Hailing frequencies closed, sir.
Captain? [Past - Shuttlecraft] (We're back to season one now) Will this be your first time on a Galaxy class starship? Are you all right, sir? Sir? I was asking if you'd ever been aboard a Galaxy class starship before. Well then, if I may be so bold, sir, you're in for a treat. The Enterprise is quite a ship. Have I done something wrong, sir? Acknowledged, Enterprise. And there she is. (and we get a nice look at Enterprise in her spacedock) [Troi's quarters] Commanding officer Enterprise arriving. (Picard is piped aboard. Troi is back in her mini-uniform but not the bun.) You heard him. Move! Personal log, stardate 41153.7. Recorded under security lockout Omega three two seven. I have decided not to inform this crew of my experiences. If it's true that I've travelled to the past, I cannot risk giving them foreknowledge of what's to come. [Past - Observation lounge] We've completed a full subspace scan of the ship and surrounding space. We've detected no unusual readings or anomalies. With all due respect, sir, I'm the Security Chief on this ship. Unless you're planning to make a change. Aye, sir. What kind of vessels? Sir? It's a letter of the alphabet, as far as I know. The Devron System is inside the Neutral Zone, sir. Aye, sir. [Past - Ready room] Yar to Captain Picard. I have Commander Riker for you, sir. Aye, sir. [Future - USS Pasteur Bridge] Sir? Can you give us some explanation? Captain, so far we've obeyed every order, no matter how far fetched it might have seemed. But if we're to risk the safety of the ship and crew I think we have to ask you for an explanation. Shields up, maximum strength. The temporal energy's interfering with main power. Switching to [Bridge] Captain, the sensors are picking up two other ships. (and we see the other Enterprises on the three viewscreens) [Past - Bridge] Temporal energy is rupturing our warp containment system! We're losing containment, Captain! I can't stop it, it's going to (KaBOOM!) [Bridge]
I've listed my report on their customs and laws, sir. Fairly simple, common sense things. Any hat. Sensor technicians are working on it, sir. They've identified it as a glitch in the system. If you approve shore leave, sir, we could start with a small group. My pleasure. Happiness to you! It's like an Eden here. [Outside the Council Chambers] (A low rise building with formal fountains in front of it) That is extraordinary. Yes, Worf, but you've got to hear this. Are you telling me that there's no crime here whatsoever? No one breaks any laws? But I seen no sign of police. Those who enforce laws. It's a completely random selection? Wait. Explain this. Even a small thing? Such as ignoring the rule, keep off the grass? And just who tells visitors about these rules? Careful, Commander. They've got some strange laws here. But they listed nothing about punishment. It's a kind of syringe. Security. Urgent. Repeating. Enterprise from away team. This is an urgent call for Captain Picard. I'll go along with you. What of justice to Wesley? Does he deserve to die? Open, sir.
What is it? You're telling me that's a kitty-cat? You darling, what are you doing here? [Tunnel] (Then she's back on her home planet, and a rape gang is after her) Now, run. This isn't a safe place at all. (Someone puts a hand on her shoulder) [Bridge] (Tasha jumps) I was, I was. This is crazy. I was at the colony where I grew up, being chased by a rape gang Plus some genuine fear, Captain. You can't notice what's happening outside without feeling some of that.
Captain, there's an unauthorised entry in main Shuttlebay. Computer reads the ID number of Jake Kurland. Bridge to main Shuttlebay. Mister Kurland, this is Lieutenant Yar. Respond. I'm locking off the bay launch doors, Captain. He's launching. He's out of transporter range. Visual on main viewer.
What's so interesting about this system? Where is it supposed to be? What a wonderful fairy tale. Aye, sir. (Then a golden planet comes into view) Frequencies open, sir. (A young woman comes on the viewscreen) Shields inoperable, sir. Aldean shield still up. Hailing frequencies open. No response. Not yet, sir. Sir, Radue is hailing us. Frequencies open, sir.
If you have the coordinates where you think the hostages are, sir, we could just beam in over there. An alarm trigger or Is he hit?
Hailing frequencies open, sir. No malfunctioning equipment on either side, sir. They are receiving us. And third in command of the Enterprise. I'm going in. Transporter Room, this is Lieutenant Yar. Two to beam up to Sickbay. (Tasha and Malencon are beamed away) Aye, sir. (Mandl and Tasha leave) Aye, sir. Mandl holds advanced degrees in computer science as well as artificial intelligence. It's possible. Only the victim had the required expertise. Malencon did work where the whatever it is was found. Trying to suppress that knowledge would be motive for murder, if Mandl were obsessed enough. Director Mandl and the others are in the Observation Lounge as you requested. All non-essential personnel have been moved to the most distant areas of the ship, sir. Coordinates set, sir. It's slowing down. Co-ordinates set, sir.
Shields and deflectors up, sir. Sir! Over here. (It's Q, in a French uniform complete with tricorn hat and tricolor cockade) You've gone too far! I wish I could help you, Captain. Down on some planet. Well, I, er. It sounds strange, but I'm in a penalty box. Q's penalty box. It sounds strange, but it definitely isn't. I know that one more penalty by anyone and I'm gone. Yes! I am gone! It is so frustrating to be controlled like this! What the hell am I doing? Crying? Captain. Oh, if you weren't a captain. Captain, you'd better look at this. There's been no interruption in course or speed. Both have remained constant. It's as though we never stopped. Where's Commander Riker? Sir, the important thing right now is why is Commander Riker missing? Worf, my phaser's gone. Are you armed? What we represent to the Q, Commander, are lowly animals, tormented into performing for their amusement.
Sensors read a power surge from their last manoeuvre, Captain. Sensor record fluctuations in the energy readings from it, Captain. Shields holding. Deflector shield power weakening, Captain. Phasers ready. Photon torpedoes ready. They may be turning to fight. Not certain, sir. I'm getting very confusing readings. Deflector shield failing. Phasers going inoperative, Captain. I have phasers and torpedoes armed, but I show insufficient power to fire them. What have bright, primary colours got to do with it? Hailing frequencies open, sir. All language forms, sir. I say put all available power into a full-out combined phaser and photon torpedo salvo. Destroy their ability to sustain this forcefield, sir. But Captain, isn't firing on us an act of war? Ready torpedoes, sir? We have enough power for a few of them. Suggest first strike, sir. Our shields now only have sixty three seconds of power left before lowering. Fifty seconds. Hailing frequencies closed, sir. Excuse the interruption, Captain, but this may be worth it. We're now receiving a signal from the probe. Ship's power drain is critical, Captain. I must now shut down our shields to maintain life support systems. Hailing frequencies open, sir. Hailing frequencies off. No! (they stop) Good, you've heard of phasers. Now, over there. Hold it right there! Stop. Stop! Already set. (She fires, but the beam is deflected into a crystalline structure) What's going on? (Letek fires his whip, and that whirls around before being sucked into the crystals. His whip does not coil again) Which means something new has happened. Paws off, Ferengi. Just try it, shorty. Thank you.
We've been challenged to a friendly game of Parrises Squares by some of the maintenance personnel. Want to join us on the starbase? We can switch off. I can't talk you into coming with us? I think he's pulling your leg. Believe it or not, Worf is developing a sense of humour. Get a Security team together. No, we thought That changes nothing. The Captain and Commander Riker must be in trouble, or they'd be here. It's a pointless discussion, Data. You could have been on the Bridge and it still might have happened. Commander Quinteros, you have three ships in here. We need one of them now. What about the Bynars? Follow me, please.
Commander Riker, Lieutenant Yar. Location Engineering. Ten people here, sir, all frozen. No vital signs. It looks like someone has been playing with the environmental controls, sir. Just let all the heat bleed away into space. [Tsiolkovsky Crew Quarters] (Another group of frozen people just lounging about. Some are in a state of undress) Security team alert, pick up Lieutenant La Forge. He just left Sickbay moments ago. Captain, anything further? Geordi? Geordi? Lieutenant Yar in the Observation lounge. Send a team here now. Medical's been worried about you. Geordi, my job is security, Alright. Alright, helping is more important. Geordi, how can I help you? But you already see better than I can. Geordi, please put We'll talk about it, Geordi. Right now I'm going to take you to Sickbay. All right? Okay. Good. [Sickbay] And then we got him down to Sickbay so Doctor Crusher could examine him. No, sir. He was very upset. He kept talking about wanting normal vision. I need your advice. That's why I came to your quarters. On clothes. You always wear such beautiful clothes off duty. And your hair always looks so nice. I want to change my image. What do you think about this? Or this one? Never mind. I'll find what I need myself. Ship's stores will have it. (lilting) Captain Picard. I'm in my quarters, and I'm pretty busy right at the moment, Jean-Luc. Here, Data. You wanted me? (She has slicked down her hair, and is wearing a curious outfit that leaves the ribcage and stomach bare) Did he say when? But I got out of uniform for you, Data. Do you know how old I was when I was abandoned? Five. Five years old, but I survived. I learned how to stay alive, how to avoid the rape gangs. I was fifteen before I escaped. And what I want now is gentleness. And joy. And love. From you, Data. You are fully functional, aren't you? How fully? Oh, you jewel! That's exactly what I hoped. (She leads him into the bedroom and sits him down on the bed) [Engineering ] Data. I'm only going to tell you this just once. It never happened.
