(a vulcan) You can't really believe that what you are doing will influence the outcome of your evaluation. (actually, he will become Vaurik of Voyager) Considering the history of your planet, that doesn't exactly validate what he's doing. If you're unhappy sharing quarters with me, then you should put in for a new room assignment. Just in case you're not promoted. (the waiter brings coffee) Yes, sir. [Bridge] Excuse me, sir. Do you have a minute? I'd like you to take a look at something. In a manner of speaking. I'm running a computer simulation to test a new warp field configuration. Actually, sir, that was done deliberately. As you can see, this configuration has increased overall warp field integrity by seven percent. Doctor Nils Diaz has been experimenting with this technique at the Tanaline Propulsion Laboratory. His findings have not been released yet. I was able to review a preliminary report when I was at the Academy. I predict that when these findings are made public, they will become a new model for warp field operation. With your permission, sir, I'd like to begin tests to see if the technique can be adapted to our warp drive. I was quite thorough. As you wish. As a matter of fact, sir, I do. When would be a good time to discuss them? Have you ever considered learning to lip read? He's convinced Commander Riker doesn't like him. He doesn't even know you. Perhaps something you have in common. The pod is still too far away. Bio readings indicate that passenger's humanoid. Attempting life form identification. Confinement beam's at one hundred nine percent of normal. Sir, I'm a little puzzled. Why are we intentionally damaging the shuttlecraft? I see. I don't believe I'm familiar with that requirement. If you wish, I could reconfigure the phaser to fire a low intensity burst that would not harm the shuttle's hull. The test procedure would not be affected. Do you want me to fire from this position? That would be consistent. With making it appear that this shuttle had fled an attack. The pattern of fire you have asked for is similar to what might result if the shuttle had fled an attacker while engaging in evasive manoeuvres. Yes, sir. It is indeed. Shall we proceed with the testing? That is most unlikely. By whom? I thought Lieutenant Powell was going to join us tonight? It would be illogical for the Captain to deny you a promotion for something you did as a cadet. At this juncture, the odds of my winning this hand are less than thirty nine to one. I fold. [Riker's quarters] What I find curious is that when Commander La Forge saw that the technique I was using was actually more efficient, he seemed annoyed. Do you think I have irreparably damaged my relationship with him? What can I do for you, sir? I'd be pleased to, sir. But we have to accept the fact that we're not always told about everything that happens aboard ship. We're also Starfleet Officers. The best way to remember her would be to excel in your new position.
