Perhaps you can explain what this is all about. (A tall, white-skinned alien wearing a hood) Tholl. Kova Tholl, of Mizar Two. I've been here twelve days, possibly more. I had been meditating privately and for no reason whatever, I lost consciousness. Nothing. They've never shown themselves. It's edible, but I wouldn't call it food. (Picard takes a tentative bite and puts it down, then goes to the panel by the door) I wouldn't touch that. If it's the door lock, the combination's too complex to hit at random. I tried it and was punished. Severe pain. Some sort of energy beam. I won't get near that panel again. [Bridge] Picard, what are you doing? You don't think they already know that? They can hear us talking. I know what he's doing. I'm trying to understand why. Obviously, they want us. I've never even heard of the Moropa. My race has no enemies. And we've survived by not resisting. Mizarians value peace above confrontation. No. I don't know of anyone who bears malice toward my race. You can't mean to suggest that someone with a personal grudge against me has gone to all this trouble. I'm sorry, Picard. I can't give you one. I am neither important enough to hold for ransom nor radical enough to be dangerous. I'm a simple public servant. I'll bet half the names in the Chalnoth language mean fighter. We are a peaceful race, a race of thinkers. I'm not surprised. I've heard about your race. You're uncivilised. You have no laws, no system of government You live in anarchy, murdering one another, That mentality may get us all killed. Neither is asking us useless questions, Picard. But, if you must pursue the topic, How long have you and the Romulans been adversaries? My brainpower, perhaps. It's well known that my species possesses superior intelligence and I am considered among the brightest of my people. Does this mean there's nothing here for you to eat? Don't even think that! Picard, you won't let him Picard is it wise to attempt an escape? Why? Our captors haven't mistreated us. They haven't hurt us, have they? I think we should just wait until we find out what they want. Be patient. If we antagonise them, they may decide we're more trouble than we're worth, kill us and go capture another four. Well, I refuse to help. I warned you. [Picard's quarters] (Jean-Luc and Beverly have made it to the after dinner drinks) I warned you not to provoke our captors. The next beams might be lethal. Of course I did! Being stunned once was enough. Are you accusing me of collaborating with our abductors? Impossible. I'm a Mizarian. My people are not aggressive. This is nonsense. What if you're an impostor? Esoqq was the last one to appear, and he is the only one with a weapon. Well, then, maybe she's an impostor. She could have triggered the stun beams deliberately. To forestall suspicion. You were very quick to volunteer. You ordered her, you mean. You've been giving orders from the moment you got here, trying to make everyone do what you want. You've wasted our time with failed attempts to communicate with them or escape. Is that your task? To keep us busy so we're off guard? First officer's log, supplemental. Although we're still eighteen hours from the Lonka pulsar, the Captain has ordered us to slow to one half impulse. He has offered no explanation. [Ten Forward] Well, Picard? Prove to us you're not the enemy. She's right. There may be an enemy among us. I still think this is a mistake. (Finally the door opens - onto a blank wall) Now what? We're no better off than when we started. [Bridge] I hope you're satisfied, Picard. You've accomplished nothing. You mean there's a copy of me on Mizar Two?
