I beg your pardon, Captain. This is my first time aboard a Federation starship. Oh yes, they told me. Shaking hands, a form of greeting. Well, I don't know, really. Of course, the basic theories of helium fusion enhancement have been discussed for over a century, but there's been no practical method of application until now. Well, we'll see. They still have to be proved. But now at least it's possible. I'd never dared hope for such a perfect match with our own sun. We're not used to dealing with other worlds. We're not used to asking for anything from others. Your offer of help has given us a possible means of survival. It has taken forty years of my life to develop the programming that will control your photon torpedoes. It has been my life. Thank you for this opportunity. My only wish has been to find a way to revive our sun before I die. [Bridge] Mrs Troi. I'm afraid I'm expected in Engineering. I'm really terribly sorry. I'd never have thought her old enough to be your mother. She is so vibrant. [Engineering] (Timicin is with Data and Geordi) If you look at the next simulation you'll see that we need the temperature to stabilise at two hundred twenty million before there's a secondary or tertiary reaction. (Lwaxana enters, with Mister Homn in tow) Mrs Troi, you're a wise woman. I'm sure we could use a respite. I also have a grown daughter. She has a small son of her own. My wife died quite some years ago. [Corridor] It is our home. It defines who we are as a people. If Kaelon Two ceases to exist, so do we. With the Federation's help, I hope we will. That's extremely kind of you, but You are delightful. You make me laugh. I mean, I don't mean your invitation makes me laugh. I mean I took it quite seriously. I mean I wish I could. But I must say no. Goodnight, Lwaxana. Captain's log, stardate 44807.5. The Enterprise has arrived at the Praxillus system, where we will conduct Doctor Timicin's helium ignition test. [Lwaxana's quarters] (Lwaxana is deciding which outrageous dress to wear) All systems verified. Their shields are holding. Guidance systems normal. What about heat and pressure levels? We want it to stabilise at two hundred and twenty million. [Bridge] It's happening. Captain Picard? Permit me to express my appreciation to you and your crew. I am most grateful. Most grateful. [Bridge] You're very kind. I'm just not adequate company right now. No. Please stay. I wanted to tell you how much I wish we had met years ago. Unfortunately, a great deal. You see, Lwaxana, I'm on my way home now to die. Captain's log, stardate 44812.6. We have returned to Kaelon Two, and established contact with Science Minister B'tardat. [Ready room] Come in. (Lwaxana enters) I've been studying the preliminary reports of the test. I don't understand where I went wrong. I thought I'd taken into account all of the variables. Deep convection patterns, proton reactions, neutrino count. (Lwaxana rubs his back and shoulders) I will say it again. You are a kind woman. It is the way of my world. I wish you could accept that. How long have you been sitting there? Lwaxana I want to explain. I want very much for you to understand. Fifteen or twenty centuries ago, we had no Resolution. We had no such concern for our elders. As people aged, their health failed, they became invalids. Those whose families could no longer care for them were put away in deathwatch facilities, where they waited in loneliness for the end to come, sometimes for years. They had meant something, and they were forced to live beyond that, into a time of meaning nothing, of knowing they could now only be the beneficiaries of younger people's patience. We are no longer that cruel, Lwaxana. The Resolution is a celebration of life. It allows us to end our lives with dignity. It may sound that way, but it is a time of transition. One generation passing on the responsibilities of life to the next. That would place a dreadful burden on the children. No parent should expect to be paid back for the love they've given their children. What's that? Looks very interesting. A reasonable age had to be set. That is why I wish to say goodbye to my family and colleagues while I am this way, in complete command of my faculties, knowing they will always remember me as a strong and vigorous man. Setting a standard age for the Resolution makes it uniform for everybody. To ask individual families to decide when their elders are to die, that would be heartless. Lwaxana. Yes, almost seven. I attended the Resolution of my parents when it was their time. It was beautiful. Lwaxana, this is a custom I've known and accepted all my life. Yes. She must have been a lot like you. Younger scientists will take my place. My work, the work will continue. Enough, please. It is my time, Lwaxana, and that is the way it is. Convection boundary uncoupling. The reaction caused gas turbulence of a totally unexpected magnitude. Why? No, I'd anticipated that. I thought I'd anticipated all possible variables, but stars, they're like living entities in a way. Quite unpredictable. You know, I wouldn't be at all surprised if this were the result of. Look here. Forty two seconds into the test, there is a sudden rise in the level of hydrogen alpha emissions. And here, here's another. I'm right, aren't I? There had to be neutron migration within the star's inner core as the reaction grew. Yes, yes, but theoretically it is possible. Using these test results, we could construct a new computer model of the energy dynamics of a star that can test a new detonation programme. I'm certain it can be accomplished. Certain. It's just a matter of time. A matter of time. [Ready room] Captain, I have come to officially request asylum aboard The Enterprise. (later) I turn sixty in four days, Minister. I believe that it is time for us to re-examine, as a people, the wisdom of The Resolution. Influenced, perhaps. Coerced, no. No one on Kaelon Two understands this project as I do. There are new theories that would take others a decade to test and confirm. With my guidance, it can be done in half that time. I must finish my work. B'tardat, there's no purpose at all in letting this become (transmission ends) It shouldn't have happened. I've handled this poorly. I could have let well enough alone. I could have returned home. What do you think, Captain? Have I done the right thing? Lwaxana would have me lead a revolt. I'm only a scientist. I wish I had her strength. She is a woman of extraordinary conviction, isn't she? Captain. I don't want there to be any bloodshed because of my decision. Yes. Yes, of course. I understand. We must transmit the new analysis of the neutron migration immediately. If I can make them see the direction I've taken They have to accept them. If I can re-establish computer interface with the science ministry. Why don't they answer? Even if I find the solution, you will not accept it! Because I do not terminate my life, they terminate my work. Alive, I am a greater threat to my world than a dying sun. [Corridor] No, my decision will only lead to more distrust of other worlds. Nothing will change. I am not being foolish! Lwaxana, I want to live because I see in you how much I have to live for. You make me realise that my life still has value. I can be an example to my people. I can finish my work. But discovering these new desires and not being able to do anything about them, not being able to finish my work, not being able to reach my people. Who will hear it from light years away? Where will I go now, Lwaxana? I'm a man without a world. I can't go home. B'Tardat? [Bridge] Dara. (everyone say hi to Michelle Forbes) This is Lwaxana Troi. She has been a host and a friend. Whatever you have to say to me, can be said in front of her. Dara, if I could show you the work I have begun. There's still so much for me to do. Please. Please, Dara. Please. I don't know. I would like to be alone now, please. [Lwaxana's quarters] Thank you. (Troi leaves) Do you believe I love you? I do, you know. But finally, if that is my only reason to stay alive. Almost. Almost but not quite. I can't be that selfish, Lwaxana. I am not the person to lead the revolt. [Transporter room] I do apologise for all the turmoil I've created. It is more. Much more. When it is time for another test, I will encourage my people to seek your assistance again. No. We have already said our goodbyes. (Lwaxana enters in somber travelling clothes, carrying her own overnight case) Lwaxana? You do not have to do this.
