Repulsive? I find her exotic. And what an advantage her telepathy would be in our negotiations. I'm not so sure. (He goes over and introduces himself) Lwaxana Troi of Betazed, I believe. I am DaiMon Tog of the Ferengi vessel Krayton. May I join you? Lwaxana Troi. I desire you. You see, your Betazoid skills would be very useful to me, and I find you very attractive. I am willing to pay handsomely for you. You must be aware that every female has her price. As you wish. She is exhilarating, isn't she? Now I want her more than ever. Lwaxana Troi, you will be mine. [Corridor] For one whose beauty surpasses even these pericules. It did. But when I tried to get the image of Lwaxana Troi out of my mind, I could not succeed. Why continue to search for perfection once you have found it? Returning to my ship is exactly what I had in mind. Krayton, transport four immediately. No. His is an expression of revulsion. But it is a feeling that I do not share, Lwaxana. (Lwaxana picks up a couple of bedsheets or something, and hands one to Deanna. They wrap them around themselves) You must forgive the doctor. He is not accustomed to dealing with Betazoid females. Now, Lwaxana, I have a business proposition for you. Hear me out. Your telepathic powers could bring us both great profit. There's no need for threats. Lwaxana is a sensible female A wise choice. Farek, leave us. And you may rejoin your friend. And now, Lwaxana Troi, let us talk. (He presses a button and a bed slides out from the wall) [Engineering] You mean revolted. Yes. With your powers we could be a formidable team. (She grabs his hand to stop him removing her dress, but never looks directly at him) And you like that? You are beautiful. It is impossible for me to resist you. I do not want to hear about your other romances. It makes me jealous. Some females think they are my best feature. No one has ever given me oo-mox like this before. There is no translation. But the ear is one of our most erogenous zones. [Ferengi brig] (Nibor is out cold on the floor) Lwaxana, you and I are going to make such a wonderful team. With your telepathy and my cunning, I foresee I knew I wanted you the moment I saw you. You have fulfilled all my expectations. Farek thought it was a bad idea, but I knew better. I knew best. I always know best. What? That's me. That's why I'm DaiMon of this ship. I take charge of every situation. More to the left, woman. You're so attentive. I don't think so. Mmm Yes, my beloved. Computer, access code kayee yooree dahtayee She was only trying to serve me a drink. Study her? Your mind probes could kill her. I don't know. Very well. Take her. [Clearing] (Lots of people with tricorders taking scans) Stand off, Commander. (Riker hands over the weapon) What are you suggesting? A tempting offer. I would like to believe you. I give you my word. I will release your daughter and the Commander. Slow to impulse. Raise shields. Inform the Enterprise that two of our guests are ready to return. The other will be staying with us, at her own request. Lwaxana has given her word. You didn't tell me that you and Captain Picard were
