I am Tokath. I can return later if I am disturbing you? Mine is a strange prison. By not slitting their throats when we found them unconscious? You're just like L'Kor was twenty years ago. Proud and angry. He hated me. All the Klingons did. And I had no love for them, I won't deny it. When I informed the High Command that the Klingons wanted to remain here, I was told that unless I stayed to oversee them myself, they would be killed. My decision ended my military career. I don't expect you to understand. You're a Klingon. But I do expect you to understand this, We've put aside the old hatreds. Here, Romulans and Klingons live in peace. I won't allow you to destroy what we have. That's not what I see when I look in my wife's eyes. I married a Klingon. So you see, when I warn you not to disrupt our lives here I'm not speaking just as a jailer, but as a man protecting his family. Do not test my tolerance. [Compound] (Worf goes to a pile of barrels marked with the Romulan insignia, does something with the piece of equipment and drops it amongst them. Then he hears gentle, melodic singing) We haven't had to use one of these for a long time. It implants a small boridium pellet under the skin. (he injects Worf) We can use its energy signature to track you. He is one of yours. Deal with him however you like. But I warn you, if he becomes a disruption, I will not be so tolerant. Hunting? Have you lost your mind? Leave us. We have work to do. Are you seriously suggesting that we open the gates and let him wander free, with only a boy as his guard? I told you he was yours to deal with. If you want to take this risk, the responsibility is yours. Aren't you hungry, L'Kor? Or are you upset because your prisoner has not returned? Don't worry, my friend. They'll come back. After all, a warrior keeps his word. Isn't that so? Get that off my table. Get rid of it. Ba'el. Well, Worf, you've had quite an effect on the young people. No. You have shown them what you want them to be. Tell me this. Do you know of any place, any time in history, when Klingons and Romulans have lived together in peace? We have despised each other, fought each other, for centuries. Except here, on this remote planet, Romulans and Klingons live together in harmony. No government, no leader, has ever done what I have done here. Enough of this. We could talk all night and not convince each other. I offer you a choice. Live with us as one of us Or I will have you put to death. Worf, consider this carefully. I know that there are those among you who may question what I'm about to do. And you would not be wrong to do so. I have questioned myself. I have spent the night considering my decision, challenging myself to justify whether it is right. And I have reached the conclusion that it is absolutely necessary to put this man to death. What we have built together would be destroyed by this man. And I cannot allow that to happen. I give you one last chance to accept our way of life. Enough. Stand ready. Raise your weapons. Step aside, Toq. I am warning you. Move aside, now. (Toq holds his ground) Stand ready. Take aim. (L'Kor goes and stands with Toq and Worf. Tokath draws his own weapon. Other young people join the group. Finally Ba'el stands with Worf.) Ba'el.
