Admiral Picard, Captain Riker. It's good to see you again. Thank you, Admiral. It is an honour to be the first Romulan to freely walk about a Federation Starship. (Tomalak and Picard leave) As soon as we arrive at your Outpost twenty three, the final negotiations should go quickly. After much debate. Your Captain Riker is the kind of negotiator even the Ferengi should avoid. And we are grateful, Captain. The new alliance will greatly benefit my people. It will, Captain. It will. [Turbolift] The virus you contracted, Captain. Have you fully recovered? Excellent. The signing of this treaty is an historic occasion. You, of all people, deserve to be there. So this is the Bridge of the Enterprise. And this, I assume, is your Tactical position. Impressive. As you wish, Commander Riker. [Romulan Holodeck] The charade is over. [Control room] (a technician is running a scanner over Riker, returning his uniform and appearance to normal) With the help of our neural scanners and what you would call a holodeck. Now, please tell me. How did you discover the truth? The future we constructed for you should have been convincing. Unavoidable. Our scanners have a limited response time, so whenever you strayed from our expectations. But surely that was not enough to But we chose someone from your past who is still alive. A woman you were extremely attracted to Impossible. In your mind that woman exists, physically. Your feelings toward her remain quite passionate. So much effort, so little accomplished. Our scanners are calibrated for Romulan brain patterns. When it comes to human brains, they are less efficient. There were gaps in the information we gathered from your memory. We're wasting time. Bring him. [Tunnel] (obviously artificial, with computer panels on the walls) When you and your colleagues transported to this planet, you were less than a kilometre from this base. Your capture was a simple matter. We allowed them to transport safely back to the Enterprise, but your signal was diverted. They already have. (He drops the forcefield on a room) Please, say hello to your son. [Holding cell] (Riker enters the comfortably furnished cell. Tomalak and the guard stay outside) That is not his name, of course, nor have you ever really met him. We merely used his image to augment your programme. While I am gone, please give careful thought to your situation. (the forcefield goes back up, and the Romulans leave) I want that information, Commander. I want the location of Outpost twenty three. Very well. I have been given permission to use whatever means are necessary (Ethan makes a run for it through the open door) Stop him! (Riker punches Tomalak, then gets the guard off Ethan and takes his weapon) [Tunnel] Commander, surrender your weapon.
Tomalak to Pi. We have received your distress signal. Respond. If you can hear me, we are entering the Neutral Zone now. We will reach you in six hours. Captain Picard, my apologies. Had I known you were in this sector, I certainly would have advised you before crossing the Neutral Zone. I'm sure you will understand when I explain. One of our ships had a slight navigational error and apparently crashed on Galorndon Core. I assure you, Captain, no aggression was intended. He is on board your ship? And his craft? I'm sure you are prepared to leave at once and rendezvous with me in the Neutral Zone. And then you will return my officer? No. It was a one-man craft. Captain, we will be at the Federation border of the Neutral Zone in roughly five hours. We will expect you to rendezvous at that time. (transmission ends) Picard, I'm approaching the Federation border and the Enterprise is not to be found. Why? And my officer? His life remains in jeopardy? And yet you will still not permit me to cross into your precious Federation space to retrieve him? But a mission of mercy? I have already explained. Territories! You would measure territories against a man's life? You have one chance to escape destruction, Picard. Return my officer at once. You forced the situation. I will not leave without him. Then he is but the first to fall, Picard. (Transmission ends) If he has been in any way mistreated. A simple misunderstanding, Captain Picard. I was obviously misinformed as to the size of the craft. I assure you I intended no deception. You doubt my good faith? That is acceptable. (Transmission ends)
Captain Picard, I hardly expected to see you again so soon. It seems this time you are the one who has made an aggressive move across the Neutral Zone. But, Captain, as you can see, there is no incursion. Ah, you must mean our orbiting probe. We are studying Nelvana Three for archaeological research. Really, Captain, would you have us believe this satellite is an excuse for your aggressive charge across the Neutral Zone? Without even an apology, Captain? I'm afraid it won't, so I will save you the humiliation. You see, Picard, after we dissect your Enterprise for every precious bit of information, I intend to display its broken hull in the centre of the Romulan capitol as a symbol of our victory. It will inspire our armies for generations to come, and serve as a warning to any other traitor who would create ripples of disloyalty. First, Captain, you will return the traitor Jarok, then you will surrender as prisoners of war. No, Captain Picard, I expect you won't. You have thirty seconds to decide. I urge you, Captain Picard, surrender. Consider the men and women you would lead into a lost cause. I expected more from you than an idle threat, Picard. You will still not survive our assault. I look forward to our next meeting, Captain.
