What of it? We have no need for weapons here. The war is far away. The war our parents came here to escape. I'm not interested in what you have to say, Klingon. I have work to do. (Worf walks on to another area, where the girl from the pond is lounging) You must stop. (Worf throws the boy over his shoulder) We'll see what L'Kor thinks of this. [Ba'el's family's quarters] That is impossible! You're making it up. That is not how you play this game. The hunt? We have replicators here. I know where I came from. Right here. Throw it. (so of course Toq takes the stave and gestures another boy to roll the hoop. He misses) What do you mean? You Are not allowed to leave the compound. They won't allow it. Why? We're so close. I can't smell anything. How can you? Yes. I can smell it. It is strong. I cannot believe I couldn't smell it before. I can feel my heart pounding. I was never taught that. Ka'la! Tonight, we eat well. You do not kill an animal unless you intend to eat it. I intend to, Tokath. But not until it's cooked. Today I learned the ritual hunt. But that is not all I learned. I discovered that warrior's blood runs in my veins. I do not know how or why, but we have forgotten ourselves. Our stories are not told, our songs are not sung. Tonight, as we came home, we sang a song of victory. A song known only to me as a lullaby. But it is a warrior's song. Bagh Da tuHmoh. Fire streaks the heavens. ChojaH Duh rHo. Battle has begun. Bagh Da tuHmoh. ChojaH Duh rHo. ylja'Qo' ylja'Qo' ylja'Qo. (others join in and I cannot be bothered to try and transcribe it all.) Stop this! (Toq is wearing the old armour.) If you kill him, you will have to kill me. Worf would rather die than accept this way of life. And so would I. I want to leave, as do many others. You will have to kill us to keep us here. A supply ship's due in a few days. They will take us. When they arrive, Tokath will explain it to them. Then we will start a new life. Captain's log, supplemental. Our search for Lieutenant Worf was cut short when we received a cryptic message from him requesting a rendezvous with a Romulan vessel. He has informed us we will be taking on passengers. [Transporter room] (Worf and Toq beam in)
