Commence loading the cargo. Notify me when the transfer is complete. (everyone say hi! to Carolyn Seymour) Attend to your station. Why are you here without your guards? Well? And exactly what is the nature of this clandestine assignment? Oh? Why not? You don't act like a member of the Tal Shiar. How long have you been with Intelligence? Ah. Tell me, is there a reason why the Commander of a ship is being kept ignorant of its cargo? I have been ordered to take on cargo but its contents are unknown to me. Does that seem wise? I am responsible for the safety of this ship and its crew. How do I know this cargo is safe to transport? Ah. The Tal Shiar is deeply concerned for the safety and well-being of the military. I'm sure that every person on the Bridge of this ship could offer testimony about personal experiences with the Tal Shiar, but I doubt that many could recall those encounters as tender and caring. So I must ask you to forgive me, Major, if I hesitate to accept your assurances that that cargo presents no danger to my crew. I intend to open those containers. On whose authority? Why should we go to the Kaleb sector? It's virtually deserted. Pilot, set course. Bearing one oh two mark four. Warp six. We'd been told that the Klingon outpost was undefended. So when their warships decloaked, they took us completely by surprise. (Troi enters) The Klingons managed to destroyed half my squadron before we even opened fire. But when we did, ha! they were no match for us. I destroyed their flagship myself. I received the Sotaric Citation for my actions that day. The Intelligence Officer in charge of that mission was executed. Major. Welcome to our table. I suggest you try the viinerine. It's quite good. (Troi takes a bowl and spoons some stuff out onto her plate) I realise that it's nothing compared to what you're accustomed to on Romulus, but you could at least try the viinerine. No doubt. Tell me, Major, where did you train? The Intelligence Academy or the Imperial War College? Oh? So you must know Commander Konsab. I assume you studied Military History with him? Tell me, Major, what do you think about his theories on the differences between the military and the Tal Shiar? Come now, Major. Surely you attended his classes regularly? It was Konsab's main theme. Commander Konsab believes that in order to function, military officers have to trust each other. The Tal Shiar, on the other hand, trust no one. They expect deception, so they always find it. I hope so. Protection? From what? How was the Empire threatened by the words of an old man, a devoted citizen who merely tried to speak his mind? How did the Tal Shiar protect the Empire by dragging him, my father, out of his home in the middle of the night? No. He was just an idealistic old man. I never saw him again. And that's all you have. What is the configuration? Visual. With whom do you have this agreement? Why did you destroy that vessel? I demand an explanation. I don't care if there were eighteen or eight hundred. On this ship, I give the command to fire, Major. You have no right. Even you, eventually, will have to answer to someone. You will be held accountable. I will nonetheless make an entry in my log that I am not responsible for those eighteen lives and that I deplore their loss. And what are my orders now, Major? You can't be serious. We must? In order to reach Draken, we will have to travel through Federation space for nearly twenty hours. Contrary to the propaganda that your superiors would have us believe, Starfleet is neither weak nor foolish. The chances of us reaching Draken undetected are not good. The cloaking device does not always make us invulnerable, and you would know that if you had spent any time at all in the field. The Federation has littered it's borders with subspace listening posts, with gravitic sensors. They may even have a tachyon detection grid in operation, in which case they will know that we're there. If we are discovered in Federation territory, it will be interpreted as an act of war. That will be no guarantee that we will escape undetected. People blame the military for the wars that we are asked to fight, but I think it is your kind, Major, that will be the death of us all. [Warbird bridge] Plot a course for the Draken System. Prepare for warp. Activate viewscreen. Enlarge. Well, Major, it appears your suspicions about that freighter were correct after all. The Federation has come in search of its spies. Status. They weren't expecting to find us here, and I see no reason to alter that perception. The radiation from the debris field could make our cloak detectable if we engage warp engines. Proceed at manoeuvring speed. Even if we are detected, they cannot track us once we go to warp. Their intentions are obvious, Major, and are of no concern to us. Proceed on course, manoeuvring engines only. Go to warp when we're clear of the debris field. I will not let her tell me how to run my ship. [Bridge] Good. What is their course? What? What is the status of our cloaking device? Is there a malfunction of any kind? Maintain full sensor scans. Perhaps. [Bridge] Engage manoeuvring engines, forward zero point one. Take us directly under their hull. It seems that the Enterprise can track us even though we are cloaked. I intend to find out whether they can or cannot. N'Vek, ready attack procedure. Considering the nature of our mission, I would have preferred to have avoided it as well. But I see no other alternative. We will pass as close as we possibly can. If they do have the ability to track us, they will move to avoid a collision. If they do, I will destroy them. [Bridge] Prepare attack sequence. Disengage cloak on my command. Prepare to fire. What? I do not need your authorisation to attack, Major. This is my ship. The Enterprise has demonstrated that they can track us. They must be destroyed. Are you questioning my ability to command? Do you think anyone here will listen to you? You're lying. The disruptor beam has been purposely sabotaged to conceal a transporter beam within. Quickly, Pilot, locate transport coordinates. What have you done? So, Major, the mysterious cargo, brought on board by Major Rakal of the Tal Shiar, has been transported to the Starfleet vessel. I see two traitors in our midst. (Toreth goes for her weapon but hasn't got one. N'Vek draws his and is destroyed by the Pilot.) So, Major, now that you can no longer take refuge behind the shield of the Tal Shiar, it's time to answer a few questions. What was in those cargo containers? Well, no matter. We will soon know all we need to know, and then we will execute you. Pilot, drop shields and cloak the ship. Prepare to go to warp.
