As Mister Kosinski's assistant. My actual name is unpronounceable by humans. Something troubles you with the way this is configured? How about it now? Now will it do what Kosinski says it will? No, there's nothing she can do. I need to rest. I've been away too long. Please believe me, I mean no harm to this vessel or those in it. No, that's too cruel. He has sensed some small part of it Boy, don't ever say that again. And especially not at your age in a world that's not ready for such, such dangerous nonsense. [Bridge] No, I will help. I'll do my best to provide I am a Traveller. Destination? Ah, place. No. There is no specific place I wish to go. Curiosity. I have certain abilities. They give me an understanding of propulsion. I've been trading this for passage on Starfleet vessels. It seemed the sensible way. Captain, I seek only transportation in order to see and experience your reality. I am no a threat to you, your ship or your crew. I have made some mistakes. I don't know if I can put this in terms you'll understand. Well, yes. Thought. You do understand, don't you that thought is the basis of all reality? The energy of thought, to put it in your terms, is very powerful. I have the ability to act like a lens which focuses thought. Well yes, this could seem like magic to you. Thought is the essence of where you are now. You do understand the danger, don't you? It pains me I was so careless, Captain. My intent was only to observe, not to cause this. You should not be here until your far, far distant future. Certainly not until you have learned control. Well, no, not exactly from another time. Although as you understand the concept, yes, perhaps that term fits as well as any. Yes. Yes. What wonderful arrogance. There is no record because we have not visited you before. Well, up until now, if you'll forgive this, you've been uninteresting. It's only now that your life form merits serious attention. I'm sorry. I will try. He will forget me in time, which is as it should be. It's Wesley I wanted to speak to you about. It's best you do not repeat this to the others, especially not to the mother. Whatever may happen, it is imperative that it proceed naturally. Oh, yes. He and a few like him are why I travel. You have it in your power to encourage him without interfering. How shall I explain? Are you familiar with the intricacies of what is called here music? Such musical genius I saw in one of your ship's libraries. One called Mozart, who as a small child wrote astonishing symphonies. A genius who made music not only to be heard, but seen and felt beyond the understanding, the ability of others. Wesley is such a person. Not with music, but with the equally lovely intricacies of time, energy, propulsion. and the instruments of this vessel which allow all that to be played. You're right, I must hurry now. But you're right in something else. He is just a boy for now. He should be encouraged, but told none of this. [Corridor] (Riker is waiting) I will need Kosinski back on the main computer. Yes. [Bridge]
I've been waiting a long time for this moment, Wesley. I merely opened the door for you. What you experienced came from your own mind, your own spirit if you wish. I hoped that you would open your mind to new possibilities, and you did. You pulled yourself out of time, don't you see? You've evolved to a new level you're ready to explore places where thought and energy combine in ways you can't even imagine. And I will be your guide, if you would like. They must find their own destinies, Wesley. It's not our place to interfere. Have faith in their abilities to solve their problems on their own. [Bridge] (Red alert)
(phasing in) It's not over, Wesley. There's still a way. Captain's log, stardate 44162.5. Two attempts to retrieve Doctor Crusher have failed. And now, the Traveller, a mysterious visitor from our past, has reappeared. [Observation lounge] As long as she thinks she is alive, she is alive. Your species have very narrow perceptions of time and space and thought. When Beverly Crusher was caught in the static warp bubble, she created her own reality. Her thoughts at the precise moment she was trapped determined its shape and form. No, it is her reality. I cannot enter it any more than I can enter her thoughts. I can help, but I can't do it myself. Wesley, there is a power within each of us that most people haven't begun to realise, but you have begun, or else I would not have known to come here now. Together we may be able to open a gateway for her. But she must choose to walk through it. [Sickbay] Our goal will be to create a stable gateway between our reality and your mother's reality. Of course not. The equations are only the first step. We will be going beyond mathematics. Begin by letting go of your guilt, Wesley. Focus on the present. You will have to be here completely to help her back. You must open yourself to time and space and the intricate threads that bind them. Begin entering your warp field equations. Now close your eyes. See past the numbers. Trust yourself. When the time comes, you will, Wesley. You will. [Bridge] There. There it is. We're moving into phase now. There's your warp bubble, Wesley. (Wesley opens his eyes again and looks at the monitor) It is collapsing. [Bridge] It is time, Wesley. (eyes closed, Wesley enters commands on the big table) Let it go, Wesley. Let go of the anticipation, the expectations, the demands upon yourself. Let it all go. Leave it behind. Yes. The ability is there inside of you. You do not need to look for it. [Bridge] No. (Wesley hauls himself up from the floor for a big hug)
