It's good to see you again, Jean-Luc, despite your antique humour. I only hope your people are able to help us. Malfunctions are becoming serious. We lost an engineering team when the computer shut down a forcefield in an open shuttlebay. Eighteen people. None. They are affecting every system simultaneously. It's like the ship has suddenly decided to fall apart. It's beginning to make me think we should have run these Galaxy Class ships across a few more drawing boards before we built one. I don't know. I'm grasping at straws here. All I know is we've got to get it fixed, and before I lose more than an engineering team. No. No, that would be premature. I know what you're thinking, what the hell am I doing here? Well, I had heard rumours about a couple of archaeological digs that started making the Iconians sound a lot less like legend. I did a little investigating, and I located their homeworld. In the Neutral Zone. The risk would be in allowing the Romulans to locate Iconia. Fortunately, I got there first. It's a virtually dead planet, but enough technology remains to give the Romulans an edge if they should find it. (The picture starts to break up) Personal log. It was kind of Doctor Ramsey to allow me to carry away my own little piece of legend from the archaeological dig at Denius Three. My engineers have examined it, but are completely baffled by its technology. What was its purpose? I'm like a caveman confronted by a tricorder. I'm certain this device is Iconian, but how far had it travelled before it was abandoned on this alien world? (Second entry) Personal log. A galactic Rosetta stone. The starfields on the artefact were unintelligible until I took into account two hundred millennia of stellar drift. After that it was easy to pinpoint Iconia. (Third entry) My First Officer is questioning the wisdom of my order to violate the Neutral Zone, but I am convinced that I have taken the only proper course. Should this advanced technology fall into the hands of the Romulans, we might as well dock our ships and defend ourselves with sticks. (Fourth entry) Personal log. We've been spotted by a Romulan cruiser, but after playing hide and seek through several solar systems, I think I've managed to elude them. (Fifth entry) The Iconian probe scan. Was it an attempt at communication? If only I knew what we were dealing with here. (Sixth entry) Personal log. I'm unable to send an away team to the surface of Iconia, nor can I scan the energy source on the planet because of these maddening system failures. It's infuriating to be stopped at the threshold of a dream by one's own ship. We're leaving orbit to rendezvous with Picard. If his people can't help us repair the Yamato, I must convince him to continue this exploration. The future wellbeing of the Federation may well depend upon it.
