If you'll just acknowledge this last load, Commander> (Data puts his thumb on the PADD and is enveloped in electricity. He is knocked out cold. Varria takes back the PADD then she scans him) Twenty six point eight kilos of tripolymer composites. Eleven point eight kilos of molybdenum-cobalt alloy. One point three kilos Bioplast sheeting. [Bridge] Very persistent. Yes, go ahead. The Andorians wish to make a bid on the shipment of Tellurian spices you offered. Kivas wishes you to wear this set of clothes, and to sit in your chair. He will give you reasons if you force him to. They're not even looking for you. They think you're destroyed. Your shuttle blew up. A hytritium explosion. They'll find exactly what they thought they'd find. Traces of your component elements. We put them aboard the shuttle in just the right proportions. Mister Fajo has no moral difficulties at all. Clever, android. Is it part of your programme to seek out vulnerabilities in your enemies? I obey Fajo. And so does everyone on this ship. You are a curious thing, aren't you? Kivas finds a way to get what he wants from his people. His rewards for loyalty are lavish. His punishments for disloyalty are equally lavish. You won't find anyone here on this ship to help you escape. Face it, android. He has you. Fourteen years. If I help you escape, will you take me with you? He's sleeping, and there isn't much time. I know the consequences. Fourteen years. You learn a few things. There's an escape pod in the aft cargo bay. (She opens the safe and takes the disruptor) [Bridge] You can't. Fajo has communications access restricted to the bridge. Once we're out, the shuttlepod will emit an emergency beacon. We'll just have to hope somebody responds before Fajo is able to destroy us. We'll need a few. Let's get going. As soon as I start the escape sequence, an alarm will sound. We won't have much time. (Data gets in the pod, Varria goes to a control station and presses buttons. The alarm sounds, a man runs in. She points the disrupter at him, then is jumped from behind by another crewman and disarmed. Man number one cancels the sequence while Data rescues Varria. Data ends up throwing both men across the bay. They go to start again, when Fajo enters. The disrupter is lying on the floor. Varria dives for it but lands short. Fajo aims another disrupter at her. For a moment, he starts to turn away, then fires. Varria screams for several seconds before she finally disintegrates. Data comes out of the pod)
