God, it's so good to see you again. (She kisses Picard) You know, I think you might be right. Welcome to Risa. Hello. That's not much of a greeting. All right, but you really should try it some time. That's fine with me. It's not as though I was offering to help you find it. I'm sorry if I embarrassed you. That's understandable. The name's Vash. So tell me about yourself, Jean-Luc. (He tries to return to his book) Would you rather I guess? I can be very persistent. That explains it. I noticed you arguing with that Ferengi. For a moment there it looked like it was going to come to blows. I hope your disagreement wasn't over me. Where are you going? Wait a second. [Resort lobby] What did he tell you? I'm sure there wasn't a bit of truth to it. The disc doesn't belong to you, Sovak. It never did. Jean-Luc, I'm sorry. Perhaps one day I could explain all this to you later. (She slips something into his pocket) Save your breath. Excuse the mess. Sovak has taken to searching my room periodically. I'm sorry I had to hide it like that. I was afraid he'd start searching me next. I doubt it's anything you'd be interested in. On what? Did Sovak tell you that? Look, the last thing I need is a partner. Have a seat. I don't suppose you ever heard of Professor Samuel Estragon? I served as his personal assistant for the past five years. Shortly before he died, he uncovered new data pinpointing its location. And that disc contains his research notes and maps. Exactly. Sovak and I are definitely not working together. Well, at times he aided the professor in his explorations. Especially in situations that weren't quite ethical. All he cares about is selling it to the highest bidder. I told the professor I'd present it to the Daystrom Institute for study. But first I have to find it. And that won't be easy with Sovak watching me every minute. And what about me? Is that an order? This isn't a starship, Jean-Luc. I don't follow orders. Besides, you'd never find it without me. The professor's notes are in code. You look like a man who could handle trouble. It's about twenty seven kilometres due east. There are some subterranean caves there. That's where you'll find the Uthat. Jean-Luc. We're going to make a wonderful team. [Resort lobby] (Jodhpurs, boots, a ruck sack, makes Vash and Picard stand out from everyone else) It' be a worse mistake to trust you. Sovak! It didn't happen that way. No, wait. You can have it. (She throws her rucksack at Sovak, and Picard takes the gun from him before punching him between the eyes. Vash retrieves her rucksack, and Picard throws the gun into the flower bed) See? I told you we'd make a wonderful team. Another eleven kilometres. I was hoping you'd say that. I'll take that as a compliment. Jean-Luc, I'm afraid I haven't been totally honest with you. Sovak did pay me to hand over the disc. It wasn't stealing. The professor had died. I had already devoted five years of my life to tracking down the Uthat. It was the only way I could afford to get to Risa. As for Sovak, he got exactly what he deserved. I'll take that as another compliment. I'm flattered. You know Jean-Luc, it's lucky for you we met. If it wasn't for me, you'd still be back there sitting in the sun, relaxing. I'm sure you hated every minute of it. That kind of vacation isn't for a man like you. You need excitement. You're enjoying yourself, aren't you? I just wanted to hear you say it. I'll never forget that look on your face when you thought I was offering you jamaharon. You did seem a little disappointed when I turned you down. Thank you. You're pretty stimulating yourself. Don't you see, we're a lot alike. That's probably why we get along so well. Fine. We don't get along. We're not getting along. No, if you want to believe we're not getting along, that's all right with me. (Picard kisses her) Still think I'm trouble? This is it. We've reached the end of our journey. Seven metres in from the opening along the wall. What the? I can't get a reading on this. There must be starithium ore in these rocks. Picard! Who the hell are they? You knew about this and didn't say anything? Probably not. That's impossible. I made a copy as a precaution, but I burned it before we left. Are you saying that the professor's findings were wrong? But how could that be? His evidence was overwhelming. I'm afraid he's right, Sovak. According to the disc we should have reached it hours ago. I don't know anymore. Five years of my life, wasted. Not like the Uthat. I hope you won't mind, but I need to be alone. [Picard's room] Jean-Luc. I was just about to come say goodbye. I want to put all this behind me as soon as possible. You understand? Anything. That's not funny. But how could I have known the Uthat wasn't there? You're a man of many talents, Jean-Luc. (She picks up a Horga'hn and opens it's head) A piece of the future. (Picard takes the multi-faceted crystal) Well, maybe not give it. Five years is a huge investment, Jean-Luc. I deserve to make a reasonable profit. You're not going to just hand it over, are you? You didn't trust me. What makes you think you can trust them? Wait a second, Vorgons? The professor's notes said it was two Vorgons, a male and a female, who attempted to steal the Uthat in the first place. For all we know it could be them. No! (Boratus uses an energy beam on her) I don't suppose there are any openings for an archaeologist aboard the Enterprise. Probably not. I could never tolerate all that discipline. I thought I might explore the ruins on Sarthong Five. Why, Jean-Luc, you really do care about me. I always try. (They kiss) I wish we had more time together. So we may be doing this all over again? [Bridge]
Bring back any memories? I came in through the window. (they kiss) [Picard's quarters] (guess what happened between the kiss and breakfast) More or less. To see you, of course. Isn't it enough? I really have missed you, Jean-Luc. (doorbell) Yes, I know. Jean-Luc has told me all about you. On Risa, where we met. So am I. Doctor, are you busy? I was wondering, I would love to see some more of this marvellous ship. Don't worry, I promise to behave myself. [Ten Forward] Well, I can't think of a better location. Tell me, does Jean-Luc come here often? Please. Excuse me? You must be Commander Riker. I didn't mean to interrupt. I believe you were about to tell me that my eyes are as mysterious as the stars. Not at all. It's just that Jean-Luc does a very good imitation of you. You mean he never mentioned me to you, either? Hello. Hello. Hello. Thank you. Is this where Jean-Luc sits? Well, I can see where being a starship Captain has its rewards. I suppose I'll go back to my room now and get ready for the reception. I look forward to it. (Vash leaves) I don't understand, I thought being the ship's Counsellor meant the Captain confided in you. And he never spoke to you about me? Not even a hint? I know. Excuse me? Jean-Luc, we need to talk. Forget the reception for a moment. Why have you never mentioned me to your friends? Maybe that we met, for one thing. That we had an adventure together, some fun. Why not? I wasn't expecting you to go into intimate details. Is that a Starfleet regulation, or did you just make that up yourself? And I'm sorry if my being here embarrasses you. [Bridge] Yes? I never fooled you for a second. Still, you are the most important reason. That's the trouble with being such a well-known liar. Even when I'm telling the truth, no one believes me. (Picard goes into the next room and comes out with a shovel and something else) Is that necessary? Oh, come on. You gave me the same warning about Sarathong Five. Well, it didn't stop me from going there. I brought back some very impressive artefacts, too. That's what I do! Let's get one thing straight, though, Picard. I cannot change who I am for you or anyone else. Then we have nothing more to say to one another. I told you to stop calling me that. The name's Vash. I could use a drink. Out. Get out. Who the hell are you? Sir Guy of what? What execution? You mean I'm the one being executed? Sir Guy, wait a minute. Couldn't we talk this over? I admit, I haven't been myself lately. Maybe we've both been a bit hasty? Please? [Forest glade] (Geordi is still plucking at the instrument when Worf walks over, takes it off him and smashes it against a tree trunk) Not at all. Though I admit a maiden seldom has the opportunity to win herself such a noble husband. Robin Hood? Oh, Robin Hood. Oh, well, that was over long ago. That's a lie. He bewitched me. He put me under some evil spell. But I'd much rather stay with you. One step closer and I'll scream! Jean-Luc! Oh, am I glad to see you. You wouldn't believe what I've been going through. One minute I'm on the Enterprise, the next thing I know I'm here in Nottingham. First, they're going to chop my head off, now I'm supposed to marry someone named Sir Guy, and everyone insists on calling me Marian. (Picard finally manages to climb into the room) You do? But how? You're Robin Hood! And the others are outside? You mean you came here alone? What kind of plan is that? You do realise our lives are at stake here. And this is the best strategy you could come up with? One man against an entire castle. How about this? You go, I'll stay here. Marry Sir Guy if I have to. If there's a way to escape, I'll find it, eventually. With my head still attached. I can take care of myself. Hey! You should have left while you had the chance. Consider it my wedding gift to you, darling. [Castle courtyard] I want you to take this letter to Robin's men. You'll leave immediately. Please, this is urgent. But you must go, otherwise they'll kill him. (the Sheriff enters) How dare you barge in here like this That's most gracious of you. You're Q. Give me that. Am I? This whole thing is your fault. Yes, your fault. I grabbed your sword to prevent you from being killed. You know I had no intention of going through with that. You're the one interfering. Well next time don't bother. Are you implying that I'm not worth it? Jean-Luc, you do care. I. (shakes head) Jean-Luc. (they kiss) Nonsense. You're absolutely wrong. It's brought out the best in him. His nobility, courage, self-sacrifice, tenderness. Hello, Jean-Luc. Well he had some things to discuss with me. He was right about one thing, you know. As ridiculous as it was, his game did prove that you still care. I'm going to miss you, Jean-Luc. I haven't made up my mind. (Q appears, similarly attired) Meet my new partner. Why not? Remind you of someone you know? Who can resist an offer like that? Well? Aren't you? (Q reappears) Goodbye, Jean-Luc. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
