No. Seventeen hours, thirty two minutes. There's been a system-wide power failure. We have entered an energy disruption field. I do not recognise the configuration. Attitude controls failing. I will try. Entering the planet's atmosphere. Prepare for impact. (they crash on a rocky planet with a penchant for horizontal lightning and are knocked out. Picard wakes first.) Dead? Yes. That is understandable. When my species is injured, our metabolic rate slows until our body can heal itself. This state could easily be mistaken for death. When you did not return to the shuttle I intended to track you. Surface conditions made it very difficult. So cold. I saw someone running away from here. Was it the woman? Why did she leave the shelter? Do you think she may harm herself? There's a dangerous precipice near here. She was headed in that direction Then we should go find her. We will go together. [Precipice] (clouds drift just below the edge of the drop) Captain, this ridge extends for a kilometre in either direction. I have failed. My name is Ambassador Voval. My mission was to study human intimacy, specifically the concept you call love. In our study of your culture, we did not understand certain concepts. So we sent three representatives to study them, to experience them. Several years ago, we discovered the remains of the Terellian freighter on this planet. The ship contained logs made by a single survivor, a human woman. That was our first contact with human culture. The woman lived alone here for seven years until another human crashed on this planet. A human male. In the logs, she described many concepts we found difficult to understand. Pleasure, antagonism, love. These were alien to us. We wished to experience them for ourselves. Ambassador Loquel was sent to experience pleasure. Byleth was sent to experience antagonism. And I was sent to experience love. Was this wrong? Crime? That is correct. We can leave at any time. Thank you, Captain. This has been an enlightening experience. I am sorry if our diplomatic methods offended you. Goodbye, Captain.
