Testing parameters? You would. Those Academy cadets can be extremely competitive. Captain, excuse me. Yes, sir. I was just going to shuttlebay two. You will? I mean, yes sir. Aye, sir. It's not my exams I'm worried about. It's Captain Picard. It's just the two of us, in a shuttlecraft for six hours. What am I going to talk to Captain Picard about for six hours? Shuttle number two is ready for departure. ETA thirteen thirty hours, sir. It's not exactly warp speed. Sir? Yes, sir. Pardon? Why are you coming with me to Starbase Five One Five, sir? Cardiac replacement? I didn't know. A parthenogenetic implant? Why would anyone use a faulty replacement? Sir? Those are pretty good odds. Of course not, sir. Why didn't you just have Doctor Pulaski perform the operation? I'm sure you could've trusted her to keep it quiet. I guess you would have preferred Commander Riker as a travelling companion. It's okay. You're not too comfortable with me. I understand. You don't have to say that, sir. It's pretty obvious how you feel. Everyone knows. You don't like kids. That's too bad. You'd have made a good father. Didn't you ever wish you had kids of your own? No, thank you, sir. I don't think so, sir. Thank you, sir. Were you ever married? Don't you ever get lonely? No problem. Where women are concerned, I am in complete control. Have you always been so disciplined? I don't understand. What happened? Was this before the Klingons joined the Federation? You fought them? And won? Really? Then what happened? Please. [Bridge] We're approaching Starbase Five One Five, sir. Some of it. I just don't have much time. But William James won't be in my Starfleet exams. But Starfleet Academy I still have some time, sir. Doctor Pulaski asked me to make sure you actually went inside. Sir? I enjoyed our trip together, sir.
Hi mom. We still on for dinner tonight? Kayaking again? How's my mom's favourite patient? Not bad. You know, I really like him. You seem a little taken with him yourself. Seems like there's a little more to it than that. You said it, I didn't. I think I understand. [Bridge]
Thirty six minutes to orbit, sir. It's no good, sir. I don't believe they're receiving us. Captain, I show the Constantinople in that general vicinity. She's a transport ship, used to ferry settlers. I'm showing two thousand and twelve colonists aboard. Aye sir. That was a great speech, Data. To know know him is to love him is to know him. Child-like mind? Your age? Data, chronologically, you're not much older than I am. Data, what's wrong with you? (Troi, Kareen and Picard enter) Data, what are you doing? And you don't remember anything? To know him is to love him is to know him? Aye, sir.
Data! What are you doing? Have you got a cold? It's a disease my mom says people used to get. How can you be practicing something like sneezing when we're arriving at your home planet for the first time? Aren't you interested in that? Captain Picard wishes to see you on the Bridge. [Bridge] Which separates it from another full three hundred and sixty degree circle this way on a right angle to this one. You will find that there are many rules on starships that must be learnt. Yes sir! [Data's Quarters] (Obviously, Lore is now impersonating Data and has donned his uniform) Why did he do that, Data? I'd suggest you forget imitating him. If you'd said we've been using the sensors, instead of we have, I might have suspected you were Lore. Aye, sir. (Wesley leaves, and Lore uses a laser to recreate his tic on Data, and cure his own) [Bridge] He told me he just turned him off, Mom, er, Doctor. (Lore as Data enters) Captain, recommend that you do not let him roam the ship freely. Not if I have a choice. Or is it Lore pretending to be Data and faking it all? Sir, I know this may finish me as an Acting Ensign, but And since I am finished here, sir, may I point out that That everything that I have said would have been listened to if it came from an adult officer. Request permission to return to my quarters, sir. Mom, it's Data. He's been hurt. It's Data, Mom. I heard you know how to turn them on. So just tell me to shut up, Wesley, and I will. Data, the Crystal Thing is outside somewhere close to the ship, and Lore is loose on the inside. Lore's gone, sir. Permanently. Yes, sir. Aye, sir. (Wesley, Data, Tasha leave)
Aye, sir. Hold it. Captain, I've got something here. Thirty seven degrees north and sixty two degrees east. It's a structure. Look at the size of that! (Picard enters) Aye, sir. The vessel has reached warp two and continues on a steady acceleration curve. We're not getting any closer, Commander. Warp three. Warp four. The warship continues to match our curve simultaneously point for point. Warp four point five. Warp five. Warp five point five. Warp eight point five. Warp nine. The warship continues to match our acceleration curve perfectly. They're manoeuvring to come between the Enterprise and Rana Four. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. But, Captain, what are we watching for?
Aye, sir. All stop. Klingon vessels Vorn and Buruk holding stations at thirteen kilometres.
(in new uniform) Shuttlebay is secure, sir. Aye, sir. Course for 'audet Nine has been input. Aye, sir. Hello, Captain. That's all right. That will give me the time to finish some projects I have to do. It's going to be hard leaving the Enterprise. I know, but this isn't any ship. Standard orbit, sir. No, nothing. I just like to stand here. Yes. No, nothing. Thank you. Yes. The Lorenze cluster, and there Arneb and there Epsilon Indi. It'll still be there. No, nothing. That's the third time you've asked me. I try. Sometimes. Sometimes it's more important to consider others before yourself. You never talk about yourself. People say you're very old. And that you knew Captain Picard when he was on the Stargazer. Everyone's very curious about you. They want to know where you're from. I heard that you're from Nova Kron and that Aye, sir. Got to go. Thanks. No, not for the soufflé. I meant, for the rest. Thanks. Bye. [Cargo deck five] Aye, sir, standard orbit. Captain. Could I see you when you have a moment? Thank you, sir. [Cargo deck five] Captain Picard, I've thought about this a lot. I want to remain on the Enterprise. No, sir. Before I do that, I'd like your permission to stay. Captain, this is where I want to be. This is where I feel I belong. Yes, sir. Come on, Commander. Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. I know she'll agree. (argh!) Yes sir, they are.
Captain, deflectors are being hit by a huge burst of X-rays. (The science station lights up with blue static and he steps away) Wow! Look. Captain, my console seems to be overloading. Unusual E-M burst, sir. Readings off scale. [Transporter room] Data, I can understand how this could happen to the Ornarans. What I can't understand is why anyone would voluntarily become dependent on a chemical. But it does happen. So why do people start? How can a chemical substance can provide an escape. But it's artificial. And that's the trap? I guess I just don't understand.
Captain, we've detected a large structure on the planet. [Bridge] It's a building of some sort, situated on a plain of frozen methane, smack in the middle of a tremendous storm belt. When they went through that antique doorway, the signal just disappeared, sir. We're attempting to employ alternate encoding schemes. We've accessed the range of encoding scheme alternates. The difficulty is in the frequency range. The interference is highly variable. Captain, these frequencies are unstable. Yes, sir. Information retrieved, Captain
Are the Legarans really going to sit in this stuff? Can you believe this smell? Okay, the environmental controls are ready. What's next? Yeah, I have a date. Ensign Dumont. What, that she'd go out with me? The temperature in the tank is now one hundred fifty degrees Celsius. Is that it? Can I get out of here now? At least I'm not spending the night with a good book like some people. Just what it sounds like. Someone like me? Since when did you become an expert on women? Well at least I don't have to find my women on the holodeck! You heard me! May I be excused, Commander? (Wesley storms out) Hi Mom. I got a message you wanted to see me? I said I may be going. Suzanne wanted to go to the arboretum. Excuses? Come on, Mom. It wasn't an official function. Don't you think you're overreacting a little? Okay, I won't. Away from you. (Beverly slaps Wesley's cheek) [Troi's office]
What should I say? How do I act? What do I do? Commander? I don't think this is my style.
New course set for heading three four one mark two two one. Not by me, Commander. Warp nine point three, Commander. Navigation's not responding either, sir. He is on the Bridge, sir. Sir, we're at Warp nine three. You're the only one who has clearance to localise command functions. We don't even know what star system we're in, sir. When he transferred force field control to the Bridge, he must have only specified fields he was planning to initiate. The quarantine field was already operating.
Sir? Thank you, sir. Yes, sir. A team, sir? I know, sir. I understand, sir. I'll try not to disappoint you. [Bridge] (Data is working at a rear station. There are components and tools scattered on the floor) Hi. Can I walk with you? I need a little advice. Walking or advice? It's about my team. I'm considering so many factors I'm confusing myself. Well, I've broken down the task and picked the best people in those disciplines. I've got Prixus in mineralogy and metallurgy, Alans and Hildebrandt for volcanology and geomechanics. I want Davies for geochemistry, but Right, and it makes me feel strange. What do I do about personality conflicts? So you not only have to understand the job, you also have to be a ship's Counsellor. Well, thank you. Captain's log, Stardate 42696.3. We are entering the second Selcundi star system, where acting Ensign Crusher will begin his planetary mineral survey. The results of which may help unlock the geological puzzle. [Geophysics lab] (A young scientist is reducing a rock to ash for analysis) Ensign Davies? Wesley Crusher. I've been put in charge of the planetary geological surveys, and I'd like to have you on the team. I have Prixus and Alans and Hildebrandt. I hadn't thought of that. Thanks, but I'm pretty sure I'll be all right. [Data's quarters] Hi, Doctor Pulaski. My team's in there. I've got to assign planets, set a schedule. I haven't had to deal with them yet. Not together, not professionally. That's just 'cos Commander Riker says I do. I agree. Nice job. Didn't you tell me that UV absorptions like these are indicative of traker deposits? So don't you think we ought to run an ico-spectrogram? I think I'd still run an ico-gram. I know, I know. I don't want to do a half way job. Maybe you're right. [Bridge] I didn't. I need your advice. Yesterday, when Ensign Davies turned in his geological survey, I asked him to run an ico-spectrogram. He didn't agree. Yes. I guess. I could have just been picking nits. I suppose I could have made it an order, but how do you give orders to somebody older and more experienced then you? I guess not. No, it's just the opposite of ego. Every time I try to give an order, something inside me says, what makes my judgment so superior to these people's? But what if I'm wrong? But what if it's something really important. I mean, not just a mineral survey. What if someone dies because I made a mistake? He'd listen to everyone's opinion, then make his own decision. But he's Captain Picard. No way. I'm not sure. I've made my decision. I'm going to have Davies run that ico-gram. Thank you, sir. Ensign Davies? I want that ico-spectrogram run on the Selcundi Drema system. Drema Four has the largest deposit of dilithium ore ever recorded. It's also laid down in a very unusual pattern. The crystals are growing to form perfectly aligned lattices. That is going to take a little more work. We think so. They should happen very quickly, sir. It worked. We did it. No, thank you, sir. It's going to be a long time before I'm qualified enough to sit here. Thank you, sir. Does it get any easier?
Three one nine mark two five oh, sir. What happened to the rest of the ship? Data, the drive section. Where'd it go? There's no sign of it on its previous heading. Someone must be at the helm. We've been sweeping the area constantly, Commander. There's nothing within sensor range. Aye, sir. He bounced off the shields. An escape pod. Coordinates set, Captain.
Our ski instructor has us scheduled for the Denubian Alps, sir. No problem, sir. The holodecks have all you'll ever need. [Transporter Room] (Riker, Troi, Tasha and Data get on the transporter pad) We finished our ski lesson, sir, and it kind of just happened. I don't smell anything. I'm a little congested. The snow. Yes, sir. [Guest quarters] (Data has found an atomiser, and gives himself a face-full)
Sir, navigational subsystems are unable to give coordinates on the object. (in full Starfleet uniform) But that cruiser was destroyed with all hands over twenty years ago. Captain, message coming in from Starfleet monitor stations. Klingon battlecruisers headed towards this sector. Aye, sir. All decks report Condition Yellow. [1701-C Bridge] (Flames, charred bodies across consoles wearing late TOS movie uniforms. The away team beam in.) Three K'vort class battlecruisers, sir. Aye, sir. Sir, one of the ships is breaking off and going towards the Enterprise-C. Coming to two one seven mark one one five. Increasing to two thirds impulse. (Enterprise D exchanges fire with the Klingons) Sir, the Klingons are flanking us, attempting to draw us away from the Enterprise-C.
Perfect. The queen's gambit finished off with the Aldabren Exchange. Noise? It's Algolian ceremonial rhythms. Adding pre-processors to the neutrino counters boosted efficiency by eleven percent. Of course, Commander La Forge and Commander Data did most of the work. Thank you, sir. Just what you'd expect from a stellar nursery. Thanks, Data. Now if I can just do well on the oral exams. I never thought of that. I always assumed I'd be coming back to the Enterprise. I never thought of that, either. I never thought I'd feel this way about leaving you guys and the Enterprise. I suppose so, but. I hope you're right, Geordi. [Holding cell] (Troi is back in her own dress now) Soon as I'm sure this works. Thank you, sir. (Wesley takes a look around as everyone carries on with their duties, then leaves) Deck six. [Transporter room] You too, Mom. We've been scanning Ferengi transmissions, trying to find the Krayton. One of the signals was, I don't know, familiar somehow. No, the message was scrambled. It was the static! Captain, I think there's a pattern to the subspace interference I heard on one of the Ferengi messages. The interference itself could be a message. If I could just hear a replay of the subspace scans. Wait. Repeat that one. Put it on a continuous replay. Hear that popping noise? Data, can you filter out everything but that sound? But listen to the pattern. It's the Algolian ceremonial rhythm that the musician played at the reception. Course plotted and laid in, sir. Aye, sir. You asked to see me, Captain? I understand, sir, and I do intend to reapply. Thank you, sir. Is that all? Is there something wrong, Captain? But I thought you said I wasn't going to be able to go? Aye, sir. Course is set.
Chief O'Brien. Congratulations on little Molly. So, where is everybody? Is my mom around? Oh. Do you think it'd be all right if I dropped in just to say hi? Thanks. [Observation lounge] (the lounge is in darkness when he enters, then) Mom! Hi, Mom. Captain. Praestat quam prius. Thanks, Worf. You bet it was. For a second there, I thought I was on the wrong ship. Yeah. It's fun to be surprised. Sir. Sounds great, sir. Yeah. I thought after being on the Enterprise, it would be a breeze, but there's a lot more to learn than just starship operations. What was your first year like? Like what? Tell me about it. My first week that I was there, this guy named Adam Martoni reprogrammed the sonic shower to cover me with mud. It took me a while, but I got him back really good. Thanks. They still hold it, every year. I know what you mean. I can't even dance. The Dancing Doctor? She tried to teach me too, but I just don't have the knack. I'll let you know. [Engineering] I'll modify the planetary scanners. No problem. I'll compress the signal flow. Why aren't these registering? Excuse me? You're kidding. The computer has to do this. It's working. Thanks. By the way, I'm Wesley. Wesley Crusher. That's right. Hi. They're what? [Bridge] Let's see. I have Novakovich for anthropology and Horne for creative writing. Yeah, he is. And he's good too. And you'll be pleased to know I took your advice. The first week that I was there, I went and met Boothby. He didn't remember you, sir. At first. I found an old yearbook photo and he remembered you right away. He said he's very proud of you that you're Captain of the Enterprise. Not that I can tell. He took me on a grand tour of the place. He showed me every single blade of grass, practically. Sir, what do the initials A F stand for? Boothby said he caught you carving those initials into his prized elm tree. Conduits twelve and twenty two are still down for testing. You have a funny way of looking at conduit configuration. But it works. What are all these laws that I keep hearing about? How many do you have? It'll be online in a few minutes. I'm way ahead of you. Why do I get the feeling that you already know me? There is another side to that story. This isn't fair. I hardly know anything about you. Always fair. Yeah, I know that law. I still have to work on the sensor relays, but I'd like a chance to even the score. Ten Forward, nineteen hundred hours. Will you join me for coffee? Mom? What are you doing? What is it? Maybe later. How's Data? I think I should go give him a hand. Yeah, maybe you're right. Computer, increase light level. Yeah, I'm late for a dinner date. Robin Lefler from Engineering. Mom. We'll have time together. I promise. Okay. Mom! I really need to get ready. Thanks. I will. [Ten Forward] Really? My very first friend was a warp coil. Sounds kind of lonely. Well, now you're here. Well, I'm glad. Yeah, what kind of game is it? Have you played it? My mom has one. She keeps trying to get me to play it. Don't you think that's a little strange? Everybody playing it all the time. I wonder how it works? I'd like to know a little bit more about it before I try it. Yeah, we could hook it up to one of the computers. The medical programs in the lab can be set up to emulate human responses. I've loaded the neurological behaviour programme. This sensor pad should allow the computer to process whatever information the game sends at it. Okay. There's heavy synaptic activity all over the place. Speed up the processor and we'll find out. Computer, enhance frontal lobe, full spectrum. That's the pleasure centre of the brain. Whatever this thing does, it must feel pretty good. Look at this. Serotonin levels are way off. Let's run a neurochemical analysis. Correct me if I'm wrong, but this looks like a psychotropic reaction. What's going on in the prefrontal cortex? Yeah, it sure does. I'd better go talk to the Captain. [Ready room] Sorry to bother you, sir. Thanks. They're coming along fine, but that's not what I'm here to talk to you about. There's a game going around. It's something that Commander Riker brought back from Risa. It's a device that hooks around the ears. I did some preliminary tests on the game, and what I found leads me to believe that it may have some harmful side-effects. Specifically, sir, I think it's psychotropically addictive. The game initiates a serotonin cascade in the frontal lobe of the brain. Now I know that's nothing conclusive, but it could explain why everyone is so attracted to it. And at the same time, it stimulates the brain's reasoning centre. I don't know what that's all about. Thank you, sir. Robin. I know. I got stopped in the corridor twice. I talked to the Captain. He's going to look into it. She said no thanks. (they get up and walk away) You know what else is really weird? If this game is so addictive, there's only one person onboard we can be sure wouldn't be affected by it. Right. And he managed to get injured right when the game was brought on board. We'd better take a look at him. [Sickbay] Maybe you should go check again. I don't know what to make of this. There's brain activity all his systems seem to be working. Maybe there's a signal breach between his brain and his body. Let's map his nervous system and see if we can isolate a weak link. Patch the neural output through to that station. Here. The signal stops just below his cortex processor. There's some kind of damage. It's almost undetectable. Let's look at it on the viewer. It looks like some of his positronic links have been severed. Only two people on board know enough about Data to do something like this. Commander La Forge and my mother. Maybe there's more going on here than we thought. What if someone's trying to use the game for some purpose other than pleasure? And everyone has. Except us. [Bridge] In here, Mom. (she looks round the door into his bedroom to see Wesley and Robin, on the bed, playing the game. So Worf and Beverly leave) We should keep these mock-ups with us. We can't trust anyone anymore. Not even the Captain. Okay. When you get there, start accessing the codes for the security tracking system. There's something I want to try. You too. [Bridge] Deck thirty six. I'm only level ten. That's great. I'll try that. [Engineering] I think we're going to be okay. I've just got one more thing to do. Help me compile the forcefield overrides. I created a site to site transporter programme. If things get difficult, this'll keep us one step ahead of them. Were able to access the security tracking codes? Robin? Computer transport programme Crusher One. [Transporter room] (Wesley takes off his comm. badge and dashes out) [Bridge] No! Let go of me! [Bridge] (Wesley is hauled onto the Bridge) No! (as they put the game on him) No! I managed to reconnect his positronic matrix. Now, I wonder who started that birthmark rumour? (they kiss) Me too. Somebody has to kill all those rumours you keep hearing about me. On my way, sir. I've got to go. Thanks. Law one hundred and three? A couple of light years can't keep good friends apart. Bye. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Data, you're supposed to rip the wrapping off. Data, you're missing the point. (Now that he has carefully removed it, Data rips the paper in half, then reads the book title)
Captain, we could easily repair the type of system he uses. Aye, sir. Sir, this is Commander Data. I'm just an acting ensign. Wesley. Wesley Crusher. Commander, what do you think of Captain Okona? Then why does he work alone? I already have. [Ten Forward] Captain, we have another Class seven armed spacecraft approaching, from the opposite sector. Where will you go? I said, where will you go? Don't you ever stay anywhere? I couldn't be like that. I mean, always being alone. Commander Riker says you choose to live the way you do and you like it. Yeah. It would be difficult for me to be leaving all the time. I'd miss my friends, the people I love. I guess leaving's gotten easy for you. I wasn't talking about a place. Separated. Bye, Captain Okona. Say goodbye, Data.
Commander, you'll soon be getting an intruder alert. If you'll scan heading four four mark one six three, Lieutenant, you'll find It's an old style starship, Constellation Class, heading this way under impulse power, sir. (Picard enters) Says the long distance sensors, sir. I was in Engineering, playing around with boosting sensor output. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I know, Mom, but this is important. When I went back to the main sensors in Engineering to try some more sensitivity experiments Yes, ma'am, if this is what you're talking about here. I don't know much about brain scans but I glanced at these when you were studying them, and I noticed that these patterns are the same as those picked up from the low-intensity transmissions from the Ferengi ship. I went back and checked, and they're exactly the same. I don't know. Engineering has nothing like it on record. You're welcome, ladies. Adults. [Bridge]
A neutrino pulse. We could build a portable neutrino source and send it in a probe to the planet surface. It'll act like a beacon. He can show us that he's found it by modifying the pulse Captain, the neutrino beacon is operational, and we've placed it aboard a class three probe. It's just a background fluctuation, Commander. He hasn't found it yet. No change in the neutrino beacon signal, sir. Captain, the signal pattern from the neutrino beacon is modulating.
Aye, sir. Course laid in, sir. I can't believe he's gone. He'd been working on this for months. He never felt it was quite finished. That was a gift from the Captain. Those should go to Commander Riker. These are some of Starfleet's highest honours. Sounds just like the first trip. He didn't report the shuttle clearing the cargo bay of the Jovis. What do you think it means? Without communicating it? That doesn't sound like Data either. Now entering the Beta Agni system, sir. Now approaching Beta Agni Two, sir. Aye, sir. Now approaching target coordinates. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. [Bridge] The Jovis has a maximum speed of warp three. He's had twenty three hours so we can define a perimeter of point one oh two light years as his possible distance. He could have made it to the Nel Bato system, or maybe even the Giles Belt. Coordinates already laid in, sir. [Jovis Cargo bay]
Teenage mating rituals? Commander? I've studied all the technical manuals on the holodecks, sir. I think I can be of some help down there. No, sir. The bi-converter interface has been affected [Bridge] I don't know if I should. If this isn't done correctly, the programme could abort and everyone inside could vanish. [Bridge] Whether we do it now or later, the risk is the same.
I haven't stepped one foot on your Bridge, Captain. Sir? Yes sir. (Wesley leaves and Data takes his rightful station)
Are they alright, Captain? Will we try to revive them? What's in that container? They eat this? They are rather strange-looking, Commander. On screen, Captain. And she actually complimented Captain Picard on his legs? If you say so, Lieutenant. Well, maybe at first, a little. But now that I've seen more Klingons, I've come to think you're handsome for a Klingon. That didn't quite come out the way I meant, sir. (Lwaxana and Homn enter) Not until we reach Pacifica, ma'am. What was that all about? [Hill's outer office] Married?
There it is, sir. It's like a hole in space. Captain, if this were any ordinary kind of hole in space wouldn't we be able to see what's behind it? Aye, sir. Adjusting course to intercept in twelve minutes, sir. (Twelve minutes later, at the black whatever) Aye, sir. Holding this position. Captain, based on where the probes disappeared I have been able to plot the outer boundaries. I could move in closer. Aye, sir. (The blackness leaps forward at them) Captain, we have no communications outside of the void. Aye, sir. Reversing direction. Course laid in. Aye, sir. [Engineering] Confirmed, sir. Exactly what my readings say. (Geordi enters) Full stop, sir. Aye, sir. We couldn't have, sir. I've shown us steadily moving away from that beacon. There! The Yamato's nowhere near this quadrant. He sure held that bluff till the last second, didn't he, sir? Yes, sir. Warp three.
Bargaining chip? Request permission to be on the away team, sir. I understand. Nuclear vibration? Wait a minute, wait a minute. May I? Computer, call up the files on. What was his name? We spent two hours on him in astral physics last year. Folded-space transport. Yes. Yes. Computer, call up the files on the Elway Theorem. What if they're using inter-dimensional travel? But Data, look, the nuclear vibrations are the same, and Elway used a model similar to this. Another subspace reflection. Dimensional shift, sir. More dimensional shifts, sir. No, sir, the readings are (Finn and another terrorist jump onto the Bridge. Finn fires at the navigation console. Picard punches him and knocks him down. The woman terrorist shoots Worf in the leg as he shoots her) Sir, the next time the Ansata use their dimensional jump we should be able to get a fix on the power source. [Side cave] Got it. We've pinpointed the Ansata base to some three hundred kilometres from the city, on the southern tip of the continent. Commander? Good luck. I was just part of the team. It's good to have you back. Both of you, sir.
Him Mom. You're back early. Physical sciences class. We're studying Doctor Channing's theory on dilithium crystals. Really? You never seemed that interested in warp theory before. Doctor Channing thinks it's possible to force dilithium into even more useful crystals. If as shown here, matter and antimatter could be aligned even more efficiently This is engineering, not helm control. Mom, is something wrong? [Bridge] (Beverly tiptoes to Geordi's station) How about here, Mister Singh? If the control network breaks at this point But, sir Yes, sir. But I don't learn nearly this much in school. I was starting to, maybe. Mister Singh sent me off to class. Mom, I've learned a more than they understand. For example, the Channing's dilithium crystals theory I was telling you about? This morning. Don't you remember? He could have been working there, restoring warp power. Those aren't the same readings as when I left. He couldn't have repaired, sir. The problems were inside the engine. That engine computer net wasn't repaired, sir. It just suddenly became all right. I'm trying.
Got another king in the hole, Data? I'm in for ten. I don't think so. Fold. You knock out one generator and another takes over without interruption. And our best shot barely scratched the surface. Mine too. Aye, sir. Now approaching the Paulson Nebula, sir. The field is getting too dense, sir. The main deflector dish. Commander, if the Borg stay at warp nine point six, we'll be forced to discontinue pursuit and power down in less than three hours. We're in business. We're going to have to evacuate the entire forward half of the secondary hull and the lower three decks of the saucer. Sir, they've done it. The Borg ship is dropping out of warp. Aye, sir.
Sir? Sir, I'm sorry. I was in the middle of a very important experiment. I was using some very volatile compounds. I couldn't just leave them lying out No, sir. I was just attempting to offer a Yes, sir, I'm aware of that. The Academy? Thank you. Oh, no, sir, I won't. Yes, sir. [Shuttlebay] Captain? Of a mining shuttle? Yes. Don't worry about Captain Picard. He'll handle them. (alarms come on and the lights go out) I've lost navigation. The port thruster module blew. Aye, sir. Sir, one of the moons around Pentarus Three registers as class M, barely. The mean temperature is fifty five degrees Celsius. Negative, but scanning is limited. There's a very strong magnetic field around the surface. I'll try, sir but, this grid looks about a hundred years old. I think so, sir. The scanning range may be a bit limited, but it's better than nothing. If you want to get out of this, I suggest you listen to Captain Picard. He's the one who's going to keep us alive. And you were worried about how tough the Captain is? (Wesley walks off, and Dirgo takes a swig from a concealed bottle) (the mountains are a lot closer now) No, not yet. I'm not sure, sir. It's an energy reading. Low frequency EM. It's been getting stronger the closer we get to those mountains. I'm not sure what it is. It just keeps registers as a repeating energy pattern. The readings could be indicative of some electromagnetic properties in the rocks, but I don't think so. It's possible. The pattern is fairly organised. No, sir. But that EM reading? The pattern's changed. The frequency's peaking a lot higher. (Dirgo accidentally drops his bottle while undoing his tunic) You have water! It seems to be some kind of tightly confined annular force field, sir. Yes. There has to be a way to deactivate it, sir. Captain, the EM reading. The power level's really spiking now. Apply pressure to that wound. (scans Picard) This is the worst break. Keep the pressure constant. Your right leg is broken. You have a fracture in your left arm. And you took a blow to the head. But we're getting the bleeding under control. What truth? You don't know what you're talking about. (pours alcohol on the cuts) No, he's not, sir. You're going to be fine. You'll handle him, sir. Yes, sir. How did this happen? These are selenium fibres. Electrically deposited. The EM pattern is back down. It only peaks when we move towards the water. Whatever we saw must act like a sentry to try to guard the fountain. When we're not moving toward the water, the wave pattern stays low. Right between five and fifteen megahertz. Dirgo, move toward the fountain. Dirgo. (he does) There. It just went to forty. If I can figure out how to manipulate the frequency, maybe I can control it. The sentry first appeared when you used your phaser. That means it could respond to heat, or collinated energy. Hold on. We need to know what we're dealing with before we start doing anything. Dirgo, I can't. And what makes you think it's going to go for my phaser and not for yours? There is no evidence that it responds differently to higher settings. We have to figure out our options before we just When the sun went down, the temperature really dropped. This should help. (Wesley heats rocks with a phaser) Sir, Dirgo is dead. I should've tried harder to stop him, but he. Captain! Captain Picard! Sir, stay with me. Sir, do you remember when we took the shuttlecraft to Starbase five one five? I was dreading it. Six hours alone with you. But it didn't turn out the way that I thought. You opened up to me. I kind of got to know you. Sir, I'm honoured you wanted me along. Sir, in the past three years I've lived more than most people do in a lifetime. I think I'm very lucky. no matter what happens. How many people get to serve with Jean-Luc Picard? Sir, you don't know this. No one knows this, because I never told anyone. All of the things I've worked for, school, my science projects, getting into the Academy, I've done it all because I want you to be proud of me. If there is one thing that I've learned from you, it's that you don't quit. And I'm not going to quit now. I've seen you think yourself out of worse problems than this, and I'm going to think us out of this. You're not going to die. I'm not going to let you die. I'll get to the water and I'll keep you alive until they find us. I promise. First Officer's log, supplemental. The Enterprise is returning to the last known location of the missing shuttlecraft. [Bridge] We crashed, sir. We're in a cave. Sir, we don't have any water. Don't you remember? We tried to get to the fountain and Captain Dirgo I think I'm on to something. I've analysed the sentry's energy patterns. I've taken the transponder element from my communicator and I've used it to modify my tricorder. I think I can use it to interrupt the sentry's electrical pattern. Stop it, maybe slow it down. Yes, sir. What does he teach? I'll be back soon. It worked! (he collects water in the medical case) [Cave] Captain? Captain Picard? Wake up. (he carefully dribbles water into Picard's mouth) Captain? (later, Wesley is asleep) Mom? Oh, mom. (Picard is carried off on a stretcher) I am so happy to see you. How did you find us? No, I can walk. Yes, sir. You don't look so ship-shape yourself, sir.
It's approaching the away team now, and the energy field over the shuttlecraft is back to full intensity. Yes, sir. [Planet surface]
Aye, sir. Captain's log, Stardate 43421.9. In an effort to put an end to the Gatherer raids, we have come to the Acamar System to enlist the aid of Marouk, the Sovereign of Acamar Three. [Observation lounge] (Marouk is a dignified middle-aged woman) Aye, sir. [Marouk's quarters] Now entering standard orbit of Gamma Hromi Two, sir. Campfires, Data. This is our present position. That's going to take us through the centre of an asteroid belt. Sure I can, but if we take this heading we can avoid the belt completely, and only lose twelve point one minutes at warp seven. Homework. Math. This is the locally Euclidean metrisation of a k-fold contravariant Riemannian tensor field. I didn't say that. You're a thief. Then why are you helping Sovereign Marouk to change all that? You have children?
Not bad. The arm's a little sore. No. I don't think so. No, thank you. I know you're trying to be helpful, sir, but it seems like that's all I've talked about for the last two days. I don't want to go through it again. Thank you sir. (another knock on the door) Hi. This is my squadron leader, Nicholas Locarno. This is Captain Jean-Luc Picard of the Enterprise. My mother, Doctor Beverly Crusher. Captain, Mom, will you excuse us please? Nick and I have some things we need to talk about. I will. I think so. You said we wouldn't have to lie to them. We all agreed not to lie to them. The accident was not Josh's fault. We don't know that. I don't know if I can do this, Nick. Sir. No. I was just going over my deposition for tomorrow. Our ski trip. Josh and I went to Calgary last month. He forgot his sweater so he borrowed one of mine. A little. He only needed help in statistical mechanics. No, he could do it. He just didn't like to. Yes, sir. This is the beginning of our run toward Titan. I'm on the right wing. He was on my port quarter, approximately fifty metres away. We've just received the signal to begin the diamond slot formation. That's Cadet Locarno coming into view. We're in a twenty degree turn around Titan. We should be coming out of Titan's gravity well about now. Once we cleared the moon, Mister Locarno led us into a Yeager loop. Approximately nine seconds later, my proximity alarm went off. I tried to veer away, but it was too late and I was hit. I lost control of my ship. A power coupling exploded in my cockpit. I don't know how, but I managed to activate my escape transporter, and the next thing I remember is finding myself on the emergency evac station on Mimas with the rest of the squadron, except Josh. No, sir. The ships begin in a diamond slot formation, and climb and loop backwards at a steep angle, and at the peak of the loop, turn over and accelerate in a new direction. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. No, sir. I have none, sir. [Wesley's room] Why? Mom. Mom. Don't. You can't do that. Mom, don't try to protect me. Please stay out of this. [Academy gardens] (Boothby is trying to pull grass out of the middle of a shrub) Captain. It's a Kolvoord Starburst, sir. It was banned by the Academy following a training accident, sir. I choose not to answer, sir. I said the accident occurred after the loop. It did. Yes. Captain They know, Nick. They know what we did. Captain Picard called me to the Enterprise. when I got there he told me that he knows. The Kolvoord manoeuvre, the cover up, everything. He said that if I didn't come forward and tell the truth now, he would. No, but he knew exactly how it happened. I can't call Captain Picard a liar. It's wrong, Nick. No. I'm going to tell them what happened. I'm not going to lie to them again, Nick. I can't live with it. Nick! Now wait a minute. We're Starfleet cadets. We have a duty to the truth. If we all come forward together and tell Admiral Brand You'd let me do that? You'd let me throw my career away just to save your neck? Sir. I would like to add something to my testimony. Yesterday I testified that the crash occurred following a Yeager loop. That is not entirely true. We performed a loop, and afterwards broke formation and attempted a Kolvoord Starburst. We knew it was prohibited. We knew it was dangerous, but we wanted to do something spectacular for the commencement demonstration. We pushed Josh into it and he wasn't ready. We thought we could do it. We thought we could do anything. We were wrong, and Josh died. Josh didn't let us down, sir. It wasn't his fault. They should've expelled all of us. He did exactly what he said he would. He protected the team. I feel awful. I've let down everyone. My mother, my friends, you. I understand. Yes, sir. Thank you, Captain. Goodbye, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Four minutes and thirty three seconds, sir. Aye, sir. Sir, may I speak with you for a minute? It's about the Iconians, sir. I was told they were just a myth. So they colonised those worlds? You mean they were warlike? Air and darkness? Sounds like magic. How did you find all this out? It's the Yamato, Captain. I can't stop thinking about her. All those people dead. I don't know how you and Commander Riker and Geordi, how you handle it so easily. Didn't you order tea, sir? Commander, Romulan vessel. (The big green ship decloaks in front of them) Sir, the shields aren't responding. I'm trying, sir! Sir, the shields are back up. Sir, the shields are back down. Shields are back up. Sir, another probe launched from the planet, heading toward the Romulans. Why would the Romulans be experiencing problems? They weren't probed. Commander, what about the away team? With the shields up, we can't beam them back. Captain's log, supplemental. While there is little left on the surface of Iconia, we have found what appears to be a control centre which seems to have remained intact. [Iconian Control room] (There is a central circular control console with a globe on a pole above it)
No, sir, Commander, sir. Aye, sir. Engaged. Increasing to one third impulse power, sir. [Ten Forward] No, sir. He just doesn't seem to like me. I can't do anything right for him. Every time I respond to an order he jumps down my throat. I don't know what I'm doing wrong. It's not just us. He's been leaning into everybody pretty hard, except
Well, it wasn't the commander's phaser. It couldn't have been. There's another answer. We're just not seeing it. What kind of radiation could do this? Make any sense to you? Where would it be coming from? Captain, Data's noticed something that's too strange to be a coincidence. There's a point zero zero one four second variance we haven't been able to explain yet. We'll figure it out for you, Commander. [Holodeck] It must have been left on after the explosion of the lab. And we also know who killed Doctor Apgar. [Holodeck - Space Station Lab] Course laid in, sir.
Yes, sir. Er. I guess, whatever you usually do. (It's a very fleeting hug for the teenager) Maybe I should just go on ahead. Well, I can't make any promises. Can't run? Sure we can run. Right, Commander? Watch this. (He does a series of cart wheels) Er. What? Er. Well, actually, there are some games I don't quite know yet Oh, sure! If you have a bat for the ball, I can show you my favourite. A bat? A stick or branch, about this thick, this long. At home we play a lot of it. Here, toss the ball ahead of me. (A boy does, and Wesley runs back to catch it, not watching where he is going) It's okay. I'm fine. (Two burley men come running) I said I was fine. I was chasing a ball and I fell into that. I'm really sorry! I'm with Starfleet. We don't lie. He was going to kill me? Mother. I guess you know a lot has happened here. Captain Picard, are you going to let them kill me? Sir, does this mean if you save me the entire crew could die? I'm sorry, sir, but it seems like I am.
He wants the impossible.
Right away. Yes It's an SCM model. How did you know that? Commander, who is she? No! The girl. Come in. Yes. Data, the girl who came on board. Who is she? And now she's returning? Geordi? Yeah, I'm fine. I just I'm on my way. [Bridge] I'm looking. What? (drops the equipment) Sorry. I've got my mind on something. It's this girl they beamed up, Geordi. She's perfect. Absolutely perfect. I'll do better. Nothing. I had it on the wrong setting. What usually does? Just because I said that I think she's interesting That's silly, Geordi. But since you recommended it, how should I approach her? If she'll talk to me, what should I say? And then what? What if nothing occurs to me? Okay. [Bridge] (Worf is roaring) Are you telling me to go yell at Salia? What does the man do? Worf, sounds like it works great for the Klingons, but I think I need to try something a little less dangerous. Data, I want to meet her, not dissect her. (Wesley leaves as Picard enters) What should I say? How do I act? What do I do? Commander? I don't think this is my style. Nothing. (The door opens, eyes meet, a jaw drops) No. Sure. [Salia's quarters] Really, it's quite simple. You just tell the computer what you want and it prepares it for you. I don't know. what do you like? I know. Computer, Thalian chocolate mousse. (Salia samples it with her finger) On Thalos Seven they age the beans four hundred years. It's one of my favourite places. It's the best part of being on the Enterprise. Oh, there's too many. It's about time we changed that. Come with me. [Sickbay] (Worf and Anya enter) Yes. There are many more. All of them are different. Think of what you have to look forward to. This is a great time to be alive. For both of us. This is all just beginning. We've only charted nineteen percent of our galaxy. The rest is out there, just waiting. Look what we've already discovered. Wait. Computer, Rosseau Five. (They are standing on a fragment of rock drifting in a purple haze) Yes. Someday, you'll visit Rosseau Five, and many other places, all more spectacular. Listen. In a moment, the harmonic resonance from the neutrino clouds will become synchronous. (Musical notes sound) Someday, you'll see it all for yourself. Look over there. [Corridor] (Anya is escorted to Salia's quarters) Believe me, Ten Forward isn't an illusion. Is something wrong? And that makes you sad? Is that what awaits you on Daled Four? Isolation? I thought you were going there to reunite two warring parties. Very little. The ship's computer doesn't have that much on Daled Four. How will you stop the fighting? You could stay. Why not? What is it? What happened? Salia! I don't understand. Salia, nothing is impossible. There's a way. I know there is! (Picard, Anya and a guard come round the corner) Yes, sir. A shape shifter? You want me to stay away from Salia? I will do as you ask. [Salia's quarters] Come in. Salia! You shouldn't have come. I didn't say that. Does Anya know you're here? I'm glad you came. I thought Anya would have kept you with her. So in other words, you slipped out. Oh, I haven't got in trouble yet. With my wild way of life? What's going on? Security, crew quarters! Come in. Was it fun? Playing humanoid. Was it fun? What are you really? Yes. So you took this form for our benefit? That's why you wanted to know what species we are. I loved you. Can you? Please go. Wait. A taste to remember me by. You already have. Why? Don't' worry, I will. (She turns into a shimmering column of light) Energise. [Ten forward] (Wesley is sitting alone, gazing at the bubbles in his glass of whatever. Guinan goes over) Seeing her on the transporter pad, it was like seeing pure light. I miss her. I feel empty. I'm never going to feel this way about anyone else. I didn't expect you to say that. Knowing that doesn't make it any easier.
Adjusting course to intercept. Warp seven, sir. (Geordi enters) We are closing on the Lantree, Captain. Yes, sir. No other vessels of any kind within two parsecs. Course and speed set, sir. We're approaching Gagarin Four, Captain. Aye, sir. Impulse speed. Forty kilometres, aye, sir. Course and speed set, sir.
He had to do the same thing for me. But I know this is going to be like for him. I know. They're very careful to prepare us for anything, but still How do you get used to it? Telling them? Hi. Me? What for? What am I going to tell him? Okay, I'll think about it. Do you ever think about him, Mom? Sometimes I can't even remember what his face looks like. It scares me. Today, today it's like I can see it all as clearly as if it were yesterday. I can remember the way Dad looked when he hugged me goodbye. Captain Picard's eyes when he came to tell us (Beverly reaches for her son. They're both close to tears) [Bridge] Acting Ensign Crusher reporting as ordered, sir. I don't know. I just didn't want to think about it any more. All this has reminded me so much of that day. My parents taught me about the dangers of Starfleet missions. I knew what could happen. No, I wasn't prepared at all. How could anyone be prepared to hear that a parent is never coming home again? I tried to be what everybody expected of me. Brave and mature. Like somebody had kicked me in the head. I was angry at you. No. Because you led the mission. You came home and my father didn't. For a long time. But not any more, sir. Not even a little.
The main deflector dish. We're approaching the Wolf system, Captain. Saucer velocity one hundred metres per second and increasing, sir. Borg tractor beam attempting to lock on, sir. Riker Alpha confirmed. They're ignoring the saucer section completely. Riker Beta confirmed. The Borg tractor beam has moved toward the antimatter spread. They're clear of the Borg field, sir. The saucer section's a sitting duck. Captain, the Borg ship is moving away. It's resuming its course to Earth, sir. Twenty seven minutes. Forty two minutes, sir. Enterprise now approaching Terran system, sir. Twenty-three minutes, fourteen seconds, sir. [Data's lab] Two minutes, four seconds, sir. Yes, sir. Aye, sir. (and Enterprise whizzes away as the cube starts to spark and fizz. Picard staggers. Then - Ka-BOOM!!!)
Yes. But shouldn't these be connected? Here and here. It has a chance. It might work better this way. Yes. (The Traveller is impressed with Wesley) Can I do something to help? I can call my mother. She's a doctor. What happened to you, is it part of what happened to the ship? Is Mister Kosinski like he sounds? A joke? That space and time and thought aren't the separate things they appear to be? I just thought the formula you were using said something like that. Excuse me, Commander Riker. I don't think he did this. I think But sir, when this all happened, I was watching his assistant He's too tired. Why don't you do it by yourself? He phased, sir. Parts of him disappeared and then came back. Nobody else was paying attention to him the first time. Is he going to be all right? Mom, he's my friend. My name is Wesley, Commander Riker. He isn't, Captain. I know he isn't. No! He's very weak. TRAVELLER: The Captain's right. We must hurry. But first, I request a moment with the Captain. Alone. (Riker, Kosinski, Crusher and Wesley leave) It's quite all right, sir, I understand. I'm sorry, sir. If you don't mind, sir, I'd like to sit here awhile. I'll tell her later. (Sorry folks, but Eugene Wesley Roddenberry has dumped his Mary-Sue character on us for the duration....) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Mom, you know that's not why I asked for my own quarters this time. I'll come visit you in the old Doctor's Home every Sunday. (doorbell) Come in. Thanks. (sigh) It's great. It's great but it's good to have a break. I got it, Data. I'm sure I can find some time to help you, sir. Thanks. Thanks, Mom. You've only got one microfusion interrelay in there? Your converter interface'll never hold up. I don't think so. You better put a secondary phase inverter in there. Look at your subprocessor matrix. It needs an overhaul. Read the latest paper from Doctor Vassbinder. He has brilliant new theories on warp propulsion inter-relays. He's say all this stuff is obsolete. Look, do you want my help or not? Nothing. I just want to be left alone. That is my business. I don't need you telling me how to behave. Maybe I am sick of following rules and regulations. Maybe I am sick of living up to everyone else's expectations. Did you ever think of that? [Ten Forward] I'm sorry I'm late. Yes? It's nice to meet you. Can I get you a drink or something. I don't think I understand. How long have you been watching me? Well, I'm here. What should I do? I thought you were going to help me find some answers. Tell me about this Habak. You said you had some kind of a vision there? I don't know. I mean, I think a lot of things are important, I have a lot of respect for things. But I don't really consider anything sacred. Maybe the necklace you're wearing? The designs on the walls? I think that's the first time anyone's used that particular word to describe me. Is that what you think I've been doing? I guess I haven't had a lot of respect for myself lately. When I asked to come here, you said it would be What are those figures? This one looks like a Klingon. What should I do? What am I waiting for? Dad? The end of what? You mean when you died. I don't understand. Dad, wait! [Habak] (the fire has gone out) [Village] Yeah, Worf, I'm fine. Worf, what are you doing? Worf, we can't do this. These people deserve better than to be removed from their homes. (shouts) Do you know what they're trying to do? They're preparing to beam you away and take you to their ship. You're not going to let them do that, are you? What you're doing down there is wrong. These people are not some random group of colonists. They're a unique culture with a history that predates the Federation and Starfleet. I know Admiral Necheyev gave you an order, and she was given an order from the Federation Council. But it's still wrong. Yes, sir, it is. But I won't be wearing this uniform any longer. I'm resigning from the Academy. (Wesley puts his comm. badge on the table and leaves) I told you, Starfleet isn't for me. I saw Dad today. He told me not to follow him. I was participating in an Indian ritual and I had a vision. Dad came to me and told me not to follow him. He said I had to find my own path. No. No, it's more than that. I've known I've needed to do this for a long time. I just haven't been able to admit it to myself. I know. For a while it was. But as time went on and graduation got closer, I started feeling really depressed. I thought maybe it was the workload or the stress of being away from home, but it didn't go away. It just got worse. I didn't want to disappoint you or Captain Picard or my friends. You guys were all so proud of me. I know, Mom. I guess the truth is that I was afraid of disappointing myself. I never questioned the fact that I'd be in Starfleet. But when Dad said not to follow him, it just made so much sense. Everything is so clear now. I don't blame you at all. It is my decision. It always has been. The Traveller. I love you too, Mom. [Village] Why? (the locals are taking the Cardassians prisoner) No! (and everything stops, including the Cardassian falling after being shot in the chest. Lakanta walks over to Wesley, the only two still moving) What happened? Did you do this? I did? My first step to where? I don't understand. Who are you? (Lakanta transforms) The Traveller. So all those things I saw in the Habak, my father, and the things he said to me, that was your doing? What about them? I can't just leave them like this. But The Traveller said that my studies would begin with these people. He said that they're aware of many things. I can learn a lot from them. That's just what I need. More studying. Me, too. Thank you. For a lot of things. (Beverly and Wesley have a big hug) I will. Bye, Mom.
This was the final battle, wasn't it? There's not much left, is there. Uh, oh. Geordi had a big date with Christy tonight. He spent days putting together the perfect programme. Looks like it ended kind of early. The main power returner is acting a little weird. I'm getting fluctuating waveguide readings. Right. [Warship] Yes, sir. No response, sir. Engines are not responding, Captain. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
Answering all stop, sir. How could he get to the shuttlebay and leave the Enterprise without us knowing? That's not possible. Answering all stop, sir. Captain, the beam is holding us here. Captain, the Borg ship is closing. Zero seven zero, mark six three, sir. Back where we started. (Q swaps places with Riker) Course laid in for Starbase Eighty Three, sir.
Jake! Jake! Jake, wait a second. How're you doing? Jake, I'm sorry. Yeah, I know. I wish both of us were going. I'm on my way, Doctor. I've got to go. All right. Captain's log, stardate 41416.2. We're orbiting Relva Seven, where Wesley Crusher is about to be tested for entrance into Starfleet Academy. And to my great surprise, I have just learned that my old friend Admiral Gregory Quinn is on Relva Seven, and has requested to be beamed aboard the Enterprise immediately. [Transporter room] (Immediately after Wesley is beamed down, Quinn and Remmick are beamed aboard. Quinn is old, silver-haired. Remmick is probably thirties, high forehead) What? It's a flux coordinating sensor. Yeah. Do you know me? Well, you wouldn't be here Wesley Crusher of the Enterprise. Uh, I'll be sixteen next month. Excuse me. (goes over to the third newcomer) I'm Wesley Crusher. Mordock? The Mordock? The Benzite who constructed the Mordock Strategy? I thought you already were in the Academy. Once as I realised it was a trick question, there was only one answer. Oh, no, Oliana, it doesn't come that easily. I have to study all the time. Did you hear what she said, Mordock? She said I was cute. Yes! I think. [Bridge] I'm finished testing for the day. Wait. I thought I wanted to be alone, but I guess I don't. Okay. So far. It's not the ones that I've studied for that I'm worried about. It's the psych test. Facing my deepest fear and living through it. I'm trying to figure out what images to bring up. I guess I want to scare myself. What do you think? Bulgallian rats? Lightning storms? Sort of, I guess. That's what they said, but I can't stop thinking about it. How can they know what my deepest fear is when I don't? You? I thought there was nothing that could frighten a Klingon warrior. I'm sorry, Lieutenant. I'm asking too many personal questions. But on the Enterprise you do that every day. Everyone depends on everyone else to protect them. So you overcame it? End of the corridor, room on your right. One oh four. (The seven foot tall man bumps Wesley as he walks between him and Mordock) Excuse me. I'm sorry, it was an honest mistake. I apologise. No, sir, I Who do you think you're bullying? You bumped into me. It was your mistake. You were at fault. Do you want this to become violent? Not really. When he raised his hand, I saw that it was webbed. The sign of a Zaldan. Zaldans are infuriated by courtesy. They view it as a form of phony social behaviour, designed to cover true feelings. Yes, you can. Don't fight it. Relax into it and let it come by itself. Yes you can. You've got your rotation factor. Just put in your vector coordinates. (Mordock finishes first, Wesley second. The Vulcan finished too.) The psych test, sir? Mordock? Are you all right? I'm here. I'm ready. (nothing) Maybe they forgot. Breathe. Got to remember to breathe. (The sound of an explosion outside. Wesley goes to investigate) [Corridor] (There's a series of bangs, and the sound of a voice calling out) Somebody help! There's something's wrong in the Environmental lab! Give me a hand with this! Help me! Come on! (dragging the casualty) Come on, you're not hurt. Yes, you can. You've got to. Come on! I can't carry you both! You're not hurt. Come on! I'm sorry. [Relva 7 Corridor] Officer Chang! There's Performance? That was the test? A man could have died. Because of my father? Because Cap. Because someone made that choice, and my father died. [Ready room] It's okay. You deserved to win. Besides, you would have done the same thing for me. I didn't think that would be appropriate. I failed, Captain. I didn't get into the Academy. I failed you and I failed the Enterprise. Yes. Yes. Then you're not disappointed? You? You failed? Course plotted and laid in, sir. Yes, sir.
At warp seven, thirty four minutes. Sir? Aye, sir. Sir, at warp two we'll arrive at the pulsar in thirty one hours. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. Full impulse. Aye, Commander. Aye, sir. It's good to have you back, sir. Course laid in, sir.
Commander Data, I'm picking up an unusual echo from my navigational sensors. But Commander, if it is a Romulan ship, with their cloaking device we shouldn't pick them up at all. Like what? Aye, sir. Their lead is too great, sir. Captain, the diameter of the star has decreased by one hundred thousand kilometres. Dead stop, Captain. Sir, we've been thrown clear of Beta Stromgren. A distance of three point eight billion kilometres.
How do they cloak the planet? It was scary at first, but I really didn't feel anything. I know you are, Katie. We all are. But we're going to be all right. Everyone knows where we are, and no one is going to hurt you. I promise. (Radue, Rashella and Duana enter) The Custodian? Who is the Custodian? We want to go home. Units? Do you mean like a family. We already have families. Does Captain Picard know you're doing this? What about me? Don't I get a say in this? Hello, Custodian. I am Wesley Crusher. What does that mean? Thank you. Duana, what does the Custodian do? Who built it? When? What is its power source? If you don't know how it works, then how can you repair it? From time to time, every computer, I mean Custodian, requires maintenance. Custodian, can you show me where Harry is? Custodian, show me Harry. (on the little screen, Harry is having his first go with the sculpting laser on a block of wood. Sawdust flies everywhere) You are going to make him into a sculptor? It will take him years to learn to do that. Custodian, show me Alexandra. (She and Rashella are playing with a 3d hologram controlled by a joystick) Custodian, show me Mason. What's in there? The power source? Mom! I knew Captain Picard would get us home. Oh. Okay, really okay. We've been assigned to our units, like families. They're treating us like gods. (Meanwhile, he walks around Duana, scanning her) I won't. [First Unit] You didn't eat anything. We were happy before we came. Duana, I feel badly for you that you have no children, but I have to tell you that we don't want to be here and we will not cooperate. [Doctor's office] Custodian's room. [Custodian room] Custodian, this is Wesley Crusher. Show me where the Enterprise children are in relation to this room. Thank you. Goodnight. I think I know a way to get us home. I need your help. Chief Medical Officer's log, stardate 41512.9. I've begun to suspect that whatever is killing the Aldeans is related to a danger faced by Earth in the twenty first century. Can it be that Aldea's ozone layer has been weakened? [Wesley's room] It's called passive resistance. We don't do what they want us to do and then they won't want us. They won't hurt us. So do I, but I don't want to stay here forever. Do you? Harry, we all have to be in this together or it's not going to work. No, Alexandra. We can't eat. I know you're hungry. We all are. But it's our way of telling them that we want to go home. Understand? I'm sure if we just stick together, guys, we'll all be (Picard beams in) Sir, I knew you'd come. I think I figured out their computer controls, sir, but I'm not sure. It's a much different system than ours. Okay, kids. Let's go home. Sorry, Captain. She just wanted to thank you for bringing her home to her mother. Come on. (Wesley and Alexandra leave, and the crew start to giggle)
Does you have any idea what this is about? And cautious. He kept the lab locked every minute. Yeah, Data. what's going on? (mouthed only) Father? Data, it called you Father. So you did a transfer from your brain into Lal's. What does Lal do while you're on duty? Have you considered sending her to school? Data, she could learn a lot by being with kids her own age. Okay, close to her own age. I'm on my way. Parents. Nothing personal. (Wesley leaves and Data switches Lal on) Course is set, sir.
I don't understand, Mom. What kind of message? Why? Do you know what it says? Computer, load programme, Crusher One. Run programme. Goodbye, Dad. [Garden] (Picard is in uniform, and the whole family is walking with him to the road)
Thank you, Captain. (Wesley leaves) We haven't got a prayer. [Hathaway Bridge] No, sir. [Hathaway Bridge] The lining's still smooth. We should to be able to do something with these dilithium fragments we scavenged. Geordi, I have to return to the Enterprise. This is important. Captain? I left an experiment running back on the Enterprise. May I go back and shut it down? It has to be monitored. And it is my final grade in plasma physics. [Bridge]  I can't believe I forgot about this. It's a good lesson not to let excitement cloud your thinking. It's very dull. I spent six weeks setting this up. Oh, no. This is ruined. I'm going to have to dispose of this safely It's very volatile. I'll beam it off the Enterprise and leave it particalised. I'll transfer the coordinates to the transporter room. [Hathaway Engineering] (Wesley's experiment apparatus beams in.) [Ten Forward] (The two contestants are being set up like before.) Yeah. My experiment from the Enterprise. It deals with high energy plasma reactions with anti-matter. No, sir. You told me to improvise. There's just enough crystal to do it. We plan to channel the reaction through the chips. Just under two seconds. And the Enterprise will waltz right over and pulverise us. [Ready room] They're moving off, sir. Why not go after them? You didn't.
Reducing velocity to one half impulse. [Ready room] (Picard has a holographic representation of a solar system over his desk, with some very erratic orbits in it) Standard orbit. Course is set. Warp eight, aye. Yes, sir. (The party enters the Bridge) We're approaching Solais Five. Slowing to one half impulse. [Guest quarters] (Troi and Riva are eating, as the Adonis stands nearby) Coordinates set, Commander.
Captain Picard. We're within hailing range of Starbase Montgomery Aye, sir. Worf, did you hear about Commander Riker's promotion? He didn't know his father was coming. He was completely surprised. Can you imagine if it was your father? And I didn't have a father long enough to know him. I wasn't thinking about it, but everybody needs somebody. I was just talking to Worf. He's really eccentric at times. He was really upset. I must've said something wrong. Neither am I. But with Worf it was something else. Something's really bothering him. No. His reaction was just the opposite of mine. Completely unaffected. Really? You try talking to Worf, Geordi. I'm telling you, he is not normal for Worf. Well, whatever is troubling him, I think we should try to help. He is our friend. Suggestions? Right. Watch the subject for any signs of unusual behaviour. Agreed. When do we start? Data! Geordi! I figured out Worf's problem. No, no. I accessed the complete Klingon cultural database. It took me some time It's the tenth anniversary of Worf's Age of Ascension. The Klingon Age of Ascension. It's a ritual of great significance. A rite of initiation marking a new level of Klingon spiritual attainment. It's a day of celebration and ritual spent with one's fellow Klingons. Worf doesn't have any Klingon friends. Right, but we don't practice Klingon tradition, And we're not Klingons. Worf is feeling culturally and socially isolated. The cultural database said the Klingon's family must attend. Now the Klingon cultural database was very specific on the setting. No, there is some unusual test of inner strength involved Chief, will you be able to attend a little party for Lieutenant Worf at seventeen hundred hours? It's a surprise. If we want to get Worf through his problem, it is. And they use those? You mean? Breaking synchronous orbit, sir. Course and speed set, sir.
Captain, I'm picking up a minor subspace disturbance off the port bow. We could scan the quantum fissure using a subspace differential pulse. Maybe we could locate the quantum state that shares Worf's signature and find a way to get him back. I've used a differential pulse to analyze over ten million quantum states within the fissure, but I still haven't found one with your signature. This may take some time, sir. They're charging their weapons, sir. They've damaged our power systems, sir. It's caused an energy surge within the subspace pulse. The quantum fissure is beginning to destabilise. Too late, sir. (the fissure goes rainbow, then more Enterprises pop into this existence) The Bajoran ship is disengaging, sir. Captain, we're receiving two hundred eighty five thousand hails. Aye, sir. There's too much comm. traffic, sir. It's tough to isolate who's talking to who. Wait a minute. Here it is. Someone's responding. Captain, the shuttlecraft is under attack. No, sir. It's one of the Enterprises. They're hailing us. Sir, they're firing on the shuttlecraft. Direct hit. Their shields have collapsed. Their engine core is overloading. (KaBOOM) It looks like the ship had already taken heavy damage. Their warp containment field must have been weak.
Going to half impulse. Mordoc, what are you doing here? You couldn't have graduated from the Academy already. Sorry. It's a friend of mine. You look just like him. How do you tell each other apart? Yes, it is. Would you care to be more specific? We've never had any problems with it. Have you seen it work? I've never known the Captain not to listen to one of his officers. Aye sir. Aye, sir. You're making some progress. You've eliminated half the possibilities already. Not really. You just made an error. Captain Picard may not like them, but he knows they turn up from time to time. Mendon, it was a mistake. You didn't put the organism on the hull, you discovered it. You were trying to analyze it and messed up on protocol a little. Why not? I thought you could use a friend. They're different. But that's what this exchange programme is all about. You learn the way we do things and take that information back to your command. It's up to them to decide which is better. Captain, our bearings show that we should be in contact with the Klingon vessel now. Aye, sir. Impulse speed.
It's really beautiful, whatever it is. The flashes haven't changed. Could the hum be connected to the flashing? What's wrong on with the translator circuit?
Commander Riker, what's going on? I was sitting in school and Worf! (He dashes to Worf) Why not, sir? You helped make me a Bridge officer. Acting Ensign. Commander Riker, it's too soon for this. No. I just want to get there on my own. Honest.
The wormhole will reappear in thirty seconds, sir. They've travelled beyond our communication capabilities, sir [Observation lounge] Captain, it's the shuttlecraft. They're coming back through.
You act like you don't believe them. Perhaps it's just how another species behaves. Yes, sir. [Corridor] (Tasha, Worf and two others are wearing vivid blue catsuits with knee and elbow pads) Can I ask you a question about the Bynars? What is that high-speed sound you make? How can you process information at that speed? How did you happen to develop this ability? To have a society so intermixed on computers has tremendous advantages. Fine, Captain. I was just trying to find something about the Bynars. He's in holodeck four. Shall I call him for you, sir? Yes, sir. [Bourbon Street Bar] (Riker joins the band with his trombone, and serenades Minuet with 'the nearness of you) Commander Data? I'm getting an indication of possible trouble in main Engineering, sir. [Observation lounge] I'm afraid not. I'm reading a problem with the magnetic containment field which contains the antimatter. Could you come up here? [Observation lounge] Aye, sir. [Engineering] This is the Bridge. No. Not to my knowledge. Is there a problem? This is the bridge. [Engineering] Shouldn't we wait for the Captain's approval?
Go ahead. [Bridge] Yes, sir. [Laboratory] I'm very sorry. I'll be right there. this. Captain's log, Stardate 43125.8. We have entered a spectacular binary star system in the Kavis Alpha sector on a most critical mission of astro-physical research. Our eminent guest, Doctor Paul Stubbs, will attempt to study the decay of neutronium expelled at relativistic speeds by a massive stellar explosion which will occur here in a matter of hours. [Bridge] (Wesley dashes in and takes his seat) Approaching one million kilometres from the neutron star, sir. Yes sir. The ship isn't responding, sir. Doctor Stubbs, the captain asked me to tell you that our systems are back to normal, and we can try another launch attempt as soon as you're ready. I know. Actually, most of my free time is taken up with my studies. I'm trying to get into Starfleet Academy, and I earn credits for the time spent on the Enterprise, but it's just not the same. How can you be so calm about this? If I was about to make this kind of breakthrough It's German, isn't it? Burden? Red Alert. Return to quarters immediately. [Bridge] It's just a mechanical problem, though, right? Guinan! I didn't think anyone would be here. I'm just setting traps. I know. It's not that. It's. I'm scared, Guinan. I think that everything that's been going wrong might be my fault. I've been working on my final project for Advanced Genetics. It's on nanotechnology. I've been studying the nanites we have in the Sickbay genetic supplies. They're these little tiny robots with gigabytes of mechanical computer memory. They're designed to enter living cells and conduct repairs. They're supposed to remain confined to the lab. Two of them, that's all. I just wanted to see how they would interact and function in tandem. You see, in my experiment, I had proposed a theory that by working together they could combine their skills and increase their usefulness. It was working. I was pulling an all-nighter to collect my final data. I fell asleep. And when I woke up I saw the container had been left open. It's just a science project. They're really harmless. I mean, they're equipped with only the most basic skills. It's almost impossible they could be responsible Go ahead. I know. I just I had some things to do On my way. You won't tell anybody, will you? I know. I will. If it's true. I always get an A. (Wesley leaves) No one will say that. Yes, my father taught it to me when I was young. Do you recreate them on a holodeck? I know. It's okay. Really. Look, mom, I'm just checking some traps that I set to see if I can find out what's happening to the Enterprise. We're running out of time for Doctor Stubbs. Mom, you don't understand. I'm also an acting officer and I have responsibilities. Look, I have done everything that everyone has asked of me and more. And how can you know? You haven't even been here. I think I've made a horrible mistake. [Observation lounge] (Beverly is giving the presentation) It's true. I am responsible for this. I allowed two of the nanites to interact for a school project. I wanted to increase their capabilities. And they escaped. Well, this is a sample of linear memory crystal from our computer core. (The screen shows a scene out of Pacman) We're trying low gamma bursts. We think it might slow down their productivity. We're at forty million kilometres from the neutron star, sir.
Almost done, Commander. I just need a couple more minutes. I'm ready to try the new warp field. Mom? Right! Okay! (There's a sudden flash. Wesley looks concerned.) That shouldn't have happened. Why would there be any visible phenomena outside the drive? Yeah. Mom? (But she's not there) Crusher to Captain Picard. I'm in Engineering, sir. [Engineering] There's something down here I think you'd better see. It may be connected to Doctor Quaice's disappearance. I've been experimenting with Kosinski's warp field equations, trying to improve engine efficiency. This is the static warp field we created inside the warp drive. The experiment was designed to see if we could keep a bubble like this intact. If he were caught in it, yes, sir, it would seem to us like he'd disappeared. No, sir. It doesn't make sense. Mom? Are you all right? Look, Mom, I don't know. Well, there it is. I don't know what else to do with it. I've already talked to Kosinski on subspace, and he can't explain it either. And this is based on his equations. There is someone who may be able to help, but I can't reach him. He was Kosinski's assistant. He was an alien from Tau Alpha C. He said he was some kind of Traveller. Somehow he combined warp technology and the energy from his own thoughts. I don't see how. He's the only one who could explain it to us. I sent a message to Tau Alpha C, but it's so far away, it could take days to get there. I don't even know if he's still alive. He was very sick. I'm losing it! [Engineering] The link isn't holding, Commander. No. Look. (the vortex dissipates) I've lost it. It's over. There's no way we'll get her back now. But you said there's still a way. We've tried. We can't stabilise the link. Just tell me what I have to do. It's my fault. I shouldn't have tried I can't. I can't do it. What? What's wrong.
It's a model of the same kind of tractor beam our ship uses with a few ideas of my own added. And since the Captain won't let me on the Bridge, I use this to imagine I'm there. It's pieced together from words he's used on the intercom. With this, I can pretend he's ordering me to take the Enterprise anywhere. And listen to this, What do you think? But he still won't let me on the Bridge. And there's nothing there I don't understand. Are you okay? Hey, Mom, look what I can do. (She dashes into Sickbay to see him playing with his tractor beam device) I've been able to widen and strengthen the beam, just like I told you last night. Sure, Mom, sure. Your wish is my command. Okay, but you could be stunting my emotional growth, you realise that. Why is it so hot in here, anyway? Hi, Jim. Was that the Captain sending you to Medical? What about me? I could call the Chief on the Bridge if anything happened. (Shimoda leaves, and Wesley looks smug) [Bridge] Thank you, Captain Picard, thank you. And with that order dawns a brave new day for the Enterprise. Captain's log, Stardate 41209.3. The strange contaminant that led to the deaths of the Tsiolkovsky crew is now aboard the Enterprise and our Engineering section has been commandeered by young Wesley Crusher. [Engineering] And henceforth, a dessert course shall precede and follow every meal. Including breakfast. Hooked my model tractor beam into ship's power. Now its a repulser beam too. Want in? Yes sir? I'm sorry, sir. Why don't you just tell me what you want done and I'll do it. But, sir, you don't do it yourself. You give the orders, but someone else does it. What's wrong with giving me the orders to do it? Are you saying that's why I feel so so hot? So strange? So you mean I'm drunk! I feel strange, but also good. What would you do if you got your ship back? Tractor beams are my specialty, Skipper! I'll contact you when that's done. Wesley out! Lock on. Lock on Tsiolkovsky. It was an adult who did it! [Bridge] Data could assemble them back faster. [Bridge] Well, they're just simple isolinear chips, sir, to Data anyway. He can shuffle them like cards. (Riker hauls the drunken Data to his feet) Hi, Mister Data. It's like a game. How fast can you do it? I think I can switch this to main viewer, sir, (Once he sees the reality of the situation, he steps back horrified) See how I reversed the fields on this, Commander? I made it into a repulser beam. If this were a hundred times more powerful than it is. Why not try it with the real thing? Why not reverse fields on this, Ma'am? If we just need an extra minute, Why not just see it in your head? Come off the main lead, split off at the force activator, then, then. If I could just think straight about this, [Sickbay] Then reversing power leads, back through the force activator. Repulser beam hard against Tsiolkovsky. Don't you see? It's giving us a push off. The extra time we need.
A coil surge wouldn't have resulted in field dissipation. You ought to check the flow capacitor. A breakdown of that could have caused a chain collapse of the antigrav fields. But I thought that's the point of the briefing. To discuss different approaches. And I shut him down. Poor Broccoli. It's a joke, Data. You know, a nickname. What happened to your glass? (Data's glass is the same) [Engineering] What do you want? Number One! Could the fuel inlet servos be caught in cycle? And a twisted glass. The computer sensors would've picked up anything dangerous. The transporter malfunction. That's a connection too. Selgninaem and lucovexitrin are highly toxic. Could either one of them cause all these malfunctions? Not for over a century. Routing. Ready for engine core injection.
It'll take them hours to get here, sir, even at maximum warp. This is called a banana split. It's quite possibly one of the greatest things in the universe. Here, try some. Let's try this again. I'd like a fresh banana split, and another one for my friend here. Commander, the warships' closing velocities are slowing. Staggered approach vectors bearing zero, one hundred twenty, and two hundred forty degrees.
