Well hello, Enterprise. Welcome. I hope you have a lot of pretty boys on board, because i'm willing and waiting. In fact, we're going to have a real blow-out here.
Joy and happiness.
Gone. It's just us.
Please, come closer. Before I start, is there anything you need? Food, refreshments? I have been expecting you. Precisely. Our way of communicating has developed over the centuries and its one that I find quite harmonious. Is deaf. Born, and hope to die. I am that which binds all the others together. I am harmony, wisdom, balance. The gene for hearing is not present in my planet's ruling line. Many of the galaxy's greatest contributors have been similarly special. What is that you're wearing? And without it, can you see? Then your visor serves the same function as my Chorus, which interprets my thoughts and translates them into sound? It's a blessing to understand we are special, each in his own way. Thank you. At times like this, we become an encumbrance. Then, thank you for your time and effort. (as the men are already heading out the door) If you will excuse me. I am Riva. (The other faction enters.) Be at ease. I commend you both. To come here proves not only your courage, but your wisdom. Please, give this conference a chance.
Okay. [Geophysics lab] (Wesley marches in, no nonsense)
Checking. (Ishara makes her way through the area, and her proximity alarm goes off again) This way.
Hi, Deanna.
Will there be any physical evidence of what you are doing to him? (hmm that voice sounds familiar) How will we be certain the procedure has been successful?
At least, not yet. But when the time is right we will deal with the Federation and Captain Picard. [Worf's quarters] Celebrate later, Toral. We should not discount Jean Luc Picard yet. He is human, and humans have a way of showing up when you least expect them. (especially as we can now clearly see the familiar voice belongs to Tasha Yar) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
We should not discount Jean Luc Picard yet. He is human, and humans have a way of showing up when you least expect them. And now, the conclusion. [Kurn's Bridge] (they are under attack from two Klingon ships)
Acknowledged, Captain. Be advised that our ship is limited to half impulse. Acknowledged, Enterprise.
Did you forget your games? Well then, use mine. Try it.
Proconsul, the Senate has been recalled into session.
Why do you want to know? I haven't seen you here before. Rateg? I don't think so. You don't sound like you're from Rateg. Or perhaps you come from the security forces to watch the intercessor's office. Is he in trouble? Doesn't matter to me. I don't know when he opens. Eat your soup, courtesy of a loyal establishment. Jolan tru. (from the look on Picard's face, the soup is horrible)
Excuse me, Doctor Moseley. New Seattle's reporting a cloud depth of twelve kilometres. Two rivers, tropical rivers, are beginning to freeze.
I am not! I am not.
Hi.
Why, Jean-Luc? Why did you do it?
Good evening. (at the buffet table)
Can I help you? (he backs away into) [Ten Forward]
No! No, no, please. Please, please. No! Don't! No! No! (Troi sees Pierce in his UP coverall)
