I'm Wyatt. I'd like you to have this. It's a Chameleon Rose. It changes colour with the mood of its owner. Your mother is still down on the planet, Deanna. Er, is there a place for my parents to rest, Captain? Come in. Your mother's honest. I respect that. I'll admit, her honesty is a bit persistent. Let's see, what can I tell you about myself? I'm a medical doctor, for whatever that's worth. If you're picking up my thoughts, you'd know. You can do that, can't you? Can I take that as a compliment? Oh? Do I have competition? What I want is to cure people. Yes. That is the point of marriage, I suppose. I can see it'll be very hard to keep secrets from you. I have seen this face ever since I was a boy. When I closed my eyes at night, I could hear her whispering my name. And knowing you were Betazoid, I just assumed it was you projecting yourself into my mind. No. Please don't mistake a childish fantasy for disappointment. You are so beautiful. I feel honoured. It doesn't really matter now. Captain's personal log. I trust my concern over the problems of ship's Counsellor Troi are not based merely on losing a highly valuable crew member. But it seems to me that she is trapped by a custom of her home world which the facts of the twenty-fourth century life have made unwise and unworkable. I wish I could intervene. [Bridge] Is it true, Captain, that there's a Tarellian ship headed for Haven? (Lwaxana takes a bite of food, Homn strikes the gong. This goes on during the following conversation and gets on everyone's nerves) That's amazing. I've read everything I could about them. Biological virus analysis was a favourite subject at medical school. Yes, ma'am, Doctor. Would it be possible to prepare some medical needs, geared toward the Tarellian's probable needs? We could beam it over without any fear of infection. Thank you. Hello, you two. This is incredible. Oh. You're the one who wants to be a starship captain. Yes, I've heard that bonding or marriage would complicate things in that case. To each his own. Good luck with that ambition. And I very much respected what you did tonight. Of course. Running all this is a big job. (Riker leaves) In fact, you shamed them into compromise. So they've decided that the joining will be half Betazed, half Earth. The Captain will do the ceremony and Mister Homn will be my best man. Some of us still go naked. You do, I do, your mother, my father, but not my mother or the guests. Your mother relented. And I just caught my father practicing naked in front of his mirror. And so, a question I should have asked before. Deanna, do you really want to go through with this? I'm a very lucky man. (They kiss, one short, one very long) Captain's log, supplemental. All attempts at warning off the Tarellian ship have failed. They still refuse to communicate and I am growing concerned. [Bridge] Captain, I don't understand. How could I be so accurate? Except for the dream images, I've never seen her. Mrs. Troi, can I talk to you about something serious? Please, Mrs. Troi. And And I hoped that the way you handle thoughts Too simple? Yes. I have wondered if something like that Just wedding nerves. The supplies are ready. I'll take them to the transporter room. Please take care of each other. (to Deanna) You are beautiful. But you looked best of all in the desert on the holodeck when we did this. [Transporter room] You're not surprised. Did you know I'd beam over? Yes. I've brought medicines and supplies. Mother. Father. Forgive me, but I must. I'm going to try to continue the work to cure these people. I knew I was coming to Haven to meet my destiny. I thought it was to be with you, Deanna. It was Ariana who drew me here. I'm sorry.
