(a young woman) May I be shown the kitchen, Commander? Yes. I'll prepare all meals for the Sovereign and her servants. Please. (She takes the glass and sips it) That's part of the cook's duty. (She takes the drink to Marouk) I'm sure the Sovereign will wish to sample many of the cuisines your ship has to offer, but there are some Acamarian dishes that she will insist upon. I have none. There is a spiced parthas dish. A green vegetable with fleshy roots. You are of the clan Lornak. Yes. No. Look closer. I am Yuta of the clan Tralesta. (She touches his cheek and he falls backwards in agony) I am the last of my line, but my clan will outlive yours. (Back at the camp fire) Your pardon, Sovereign. May I be excused briefly? Commander Riker requested that I prepare him an Acamarian dish. With the help of one of your food stations. Thank you. I don't want to intrude. I'm glad it pleases you, Commander. I will call you William if you prefer. As a servant. You're an excellent commander, but you'd make a poor sovereign. You're not comfortable with servants. So you treat me as an equal. I'm not used to it. I've always been a servant. Not that I'm complaining. The Sovereign treats me well. I have all that I could want. I can never have that. No. I'm not her slave. I can leave whenever I wish. Just the opposite. My path is all too clear. I've never been very good at conversation. I believe the Sovereign wants me to return. Enjoy the parthas. I'm disturbing you. As the Sovereign has no further need for my services this evening, she suggested I might spend some time with you. She appreciates the affection you've shown me. Yes. Does that not please you? Tell me what you want, William. I will do anything you wish. I don't understand. Don't you want me to give you pleasure? Even in the matters of love? I've offended you. No, I'm not. I do not feel pleasure, or passion. I haven't been able to for a long time. I wish it could. Tonight most of all. I'm sorry. (She turns to go, he pulls her back into his embrace, then Red Alert sounds and the ship shakes) [Bridge] Why? I don't understand. It was fifty years ago. How could I? William, this is not your concern. It isn't murder. It's justice. Yuta of the clan Tralesta. Five survived the last Lornak raid. But on that day, a century ago, my life ended and my search began. I was the one chosen, transformed. My cells were altered, my aging slowed, enough to finish my task. Yes, Sovereign. You're the last. Once you're dead, what happens to me doesn't matter. You cannot understand. I have no choice. William, I. I'm sorry.
