Tantalus colony. Adams here.  Terribly sorry, Captain. I take all the blame. Let me  repeat, he's clever as well as extremely violent. Take all possible  precautions.  Captain Kirk, Doctor Adams here.  Is Doctor Van Gelder all right? And your people, no  injuries?  Yes, of course. You're certain he's all right? We've been  very concerned. In the violent state he's in  He'd been doing some experimental work, Captain, an  experimental beam we'd hoped might rehabilitate incorrigibles. Van  Gelder felt he hadn't the moral right to expose another man to  something he hadn't tried on his own person.  Yes, Captain. May I inquire about your patrol destinations?  Are you passing near any hospital facilities superior to ours? I'd like  Van Gelder to have the best possible treatment, of course.  No need to apologise, Captain Kirk. In fact, I'd take it as  a personal favour if you'd beam down and look into it yourself. I'm  sure you realise we don't get too many visitors here. Oh, I, er,  Captain, I would appreciate it if you could come down with a minimum  staff. We're forced to limit outside contact as much as possible.  Hello Captain Kirk, and er  Thank you. Thank you, Captain. Welcome to Devil's Island, Doctor.  I shall indeed. Won't you?  No, no. That won't be necessary in your case, Captain. Just keep  it out of sight, hmm? I know you people feel as naked without a weapon  as we do without a medikit. A small toast. Do you mind? It's such a  great day for us here on Tantalus when we have visitors, no matter what  the excuse.  Oh, now, Captain, you made your apology from upstairs. Now  forget it. I don't think you'll be able to get through the security  screen, Captain. Just a second, hmm? There. Now try it.  Ah, Lethe, come in. Lethe, this is Captain Kirk and Doctor Helen  Noel. Lethe came to us for rehabilitation and stayed on as a therapist,  and a very good one too, I might add.  Go right ahead, Captain.  Um, part of our cure, if you will, Captain, is to bury the past.  Why should a person go on living with unbearable memories if there's no  necess. Oh, I feel quite sure that you'd concur with me in that,  Doctor. Helen.  Yes. And now to the toast, hmm? You'll forgive us, Lethe. There  you are, Captain. To all mankind. May we never find space so vast,  planets so cold, heart and mind so empty that, that we cannot fill them  with love and warmth.  [Corridor] Thank you. Hi, Carl.  [Treatment room] Yes?  Ah. I was afraid you would ask about this, Captain. One doesn't  like to talk about their personal failures, you know? It was just an  experiment that went wrong, I'm afraid.  I think I'll have to award that round to the Captain, Helen.  You're fighting over your weight. All right, let's take a look.  [Sickbay] A neural neutraliser. Experimental.  Actually, we don't expect to get much use out of it at all. That beam  from above neutralises brain waves, relaxes the patient's mind. Does  them no harm, of course, and the effects are only temporary.  Why do we go on using it, hmm, Captain? Hope. Yes, yes, there's  always that slight chance that it might do some good in the more  violent cases.  Exactly my point, Helen. Yes. Shall we? (he and Noel leave)  Captain, you remind me of the ancient sceptic who demanded of  the wise old sage to be taught all the world's wisdom while standing on  one foot.  Right here, Captain. Yes, Simon was a very stubborn man. He  could've sat in that room for years with the beam at that volume or  even higher. Or if he simply had someone standing by to snap it off in  case he got into trouble, but, but no. He tried it alone and on full  volume. It's a pity.  Your Mister Spock sounds like a very excellent second in  command, Captain Kirk. Please tell him to go ahead and speak freely. I  have to check in with a member of my staff anyway.  Excuse me.  Now Captain Kirk is going to have a complete  demonstration. I want there to be no doubts whatsoever in his mind.  Mmm. You're madly in love with Helen, Captain. You'd lie, cheat, steal  for her, sacrifice your career, your reputation.  The pain. Do you feel it, Captain? You must have her, or the  pain grows worse, the pain, the longing for her.  For years, you've loved her, Captain, for years.  You must continue to remember that, Captain. And now, she's  gone. (machine to maximum)  (reduces intensity) Now Captain, you must take your phaser  weapon and drop it on the floor. Captain, the pain increases unless you  obey me.  Very good, Captain. Very good indeed. And now your communicator.  Drop it on the floor.  Please don't fight me, Captain. The pain  only gets worse when you doubt me. You believe in me completely.  You trust me completely.  Excellent, Captain. I compliment you. Do you know Doctor Van  Gelder was down on his hands and knees sobbing at this point? It was so  gratifying. I'm so fortunate to have had a couple of excellent  specimens to, to work with. I've learned a great deal.  Notify security at once, Lethe. Where is she, Captain?  Where is Helen And with what instructions?  Put him back in the chair, Eli, and find  that girl. (Kirk knocks them both out and leaves)  (the guard turns the power back on again, but when he reaches for Noel  she pushes him against the high volt grid and he fries, cutting the  power again)  [Transporter room]
