(A red-headed youth) Are you One, Herbert?  He is not Herbert. We reach.  Right, brother.  Oh, Herbert, you are stiff!  Herbert, Herbert, Herbert.  (playing a guitar without a sound box) Looking for the good land,  Going astray. Don't cry, don't cry. Oh, I can't have honey, And I can't  have cream. Gonna live, not die. Gonna live, not die. (Rad plays  bongos) Stand in the middle of it all one day. I'll look at it shining  all around me and say, I'm here, I知 here, In the good land. In the new  land. I'm here.  She's getting her physical. Gonna crack my knuckles and jump for  joy. I got a clean bill of health from Doctor McCoy. You know Irina?  We want to see him now!  (Chekov joins the security guards and Chapel trying to keep the kids  out of Sickbay)  [Sickbay] (singing) Stiff man putting my mind in jail. And the judge bang  the gavel and say no bail. Gonna lick his hand and wag my tail.  Am I crossing you?  I was just thinking, I (sees the lyre) Hey, brother, do you play?  Is it Vulcan? Can I try it?  (Spock gestures his permission and the young man strums a chord)  Oh ho, that's now. That's real now. I reach that, brother. I  really do. Give.  (He hands the lyre to Spock who plays it briefly)  Hey, how about a session, you and us? It would sound. That's what  I came for. I wanted to ask, you know, great white captain upstairs,  but he don't reach us. But would he shake on a session? I mean, we want  to co-operate, like you ask, so I'm asking.  I'll spread the word.  [Auxiliary control] Can?  Vulcan. Spock is practically One now.  It starts to chime.  Soon. Like he said now, we should all go out and swing as many as  possible over.  Just be friendly. You know how to be friendly. Then they'll be  friendly. [Rec room] (Sounds are being laid down in a session and piped  through the ship)  (singing) I知 talkin ''bout you, I知 talkin ''bout me. Long time  back when the galaxy was new. Man found out what he had to do. Found he  had to eat and he found he had to drink. And a long time later he found  he had to think. Uh huh. Yes, think. I'm standing here wondering.  If a man tells another man out of my way. He piles up trouble for  himself all day. But all kinds of trouble come to an end. When a man  tells another man be my friend, uh huh. My friend. Well, what's it  going to be?  Can't reach across it, hardly even see.  (with chorus) Let's say goodbye, or let's say brother. Brother.  Brother. Hey, out there. Hey, out there. Hey, out there. Hey, out  there. I see you. I see you. I see you. I see you. Let's get together  and have some fun. I don't know how to do it but it's got to be done.  (Then Spock plays, accompanied by a girl playing what looks like a  wire-spoked wheel)  (In the Brig, Rad climbs up a ladder and uses pressure points to knock  out the guard. Then he releases Sevrin from his cell)  [Bridge] (Many of the crew are moving to the beat)  Like you said, Brother Sevrin. [Bridge] He's got jelly in the belly. Real scared.  (sarcastic) Ain't that just awful. [Bridge] Yay, brother. [Bridge] You're making me cry.  What are you doing?  (singing) Headin' out to Eden. Yea, brother. Headin' out to Eden.  No more trouble in my body or my mind. Gonna live like a king on  whatever I find, Eat all the fruit and throw away the rind. Yea,  brother. Yea.  [Bridge] When will you use that?  Steppin' into Eden. Yea, brother. Steppin'  into Eden. Yea, brother. No more trouble in my body or my mind. Gonna  live like a king on whatever find. Eat all the fruit and throw away the  rind. Yea, brother. 
