(echoy voice and a huge shadow on the wall) Are you  from the spaceship Enterprise?  Alexander, at your service. I sing, I dance, I play all  variety of games, and I'm a good loser, a very good loser. Please, sir,  try to bear that in mind. Now, would you please accompany me?  Oh, Platonians. I'm sure you've never heard of us. Our  native star is Sahndara. Millennia ago, just before it went nova, we  managed to escape. Our leader liked Plato's ideas Plato, Platonius.  See? In fact, our present philosopher-king, Parmen, sometimes calls us  Plato's children, although we sometimes think of ourselves more as  Plato's stepchildren. Excuse me. Someone's waiting for you.  (He stiffens, and scurries off backwards as if dragged by an invisible  leash. The landing party follow.) [Parmen's chamber] (A man is lying on a couch.)  Philana, they came to help. They deserve better than to die.    (His hand is stuffed into his mouth.)  Your Pan is in jeopardy.  Help! Save me!  His mind will find me anyhow. Don't save him. Let him die.  The others will kill each other trying to take his place.  (apparently throttling himself) I can't breathe. I'm  choking.  Anything you want, Just ask me.  Anything.  Think nothing of it. You saved my life. I think I should  tell you that  Well, just that I never knew any people like you existed.  They're all in chambers, meditating.  What do you mean, like me?  I thought you were talking about my size, because they make  fun of me for my size. But, to answer your question, I'm the only one  without it. I was brought here as the court buffoon. That's why I'm  everybody's slave and I have to be ten places at once, and I never do  anything right.  As far as I know it just comes to you sometime after you're  born. They say I'm a throwback, and I am, and so are you. I'm sorry. I  shouldn't have said that.  You know, I believe you are. Listen, where you come from,  are there a lot of people without the power and my size?  Nobody? Somebody wants me.  (And whirling round, he is dragged out of the room by that invisible  leash of someone's mind.)  Great Pan sounds his horn. Marking time to the rhyme with  his hoof, with his hoof. Forward, forward in our plan. We proceed as we  began.  (Kirk enters. Alexander sings in Greek from Aristophanes' The Frogs.)  βρεκεκεκεξ κοαξ κοαξ (Pronounced bre-ke-ke-kex, ko-ax, ko-ax. Thanks, Larry.)  Parmen, they saved your life. I'm ashamed to be a Platonian.  Ashamed!  (Kirk is on all fours, like a horse, and Alexander has to climb on his  back and ride him around the room. Kirk rears and neighs during this.)  He's right. I should have warned you. They were treating you  the same way they treat me. Just like me, only you fight them. All the  time, I thought it was me, my mind that couldn't move a pebble. They  even told I was lucky they bothered keep me around at all, and I  believed them. The arms and legs of everybody's whim. Look down, don't  meet their eyes. Smile. Smile. These great people, they were gods to  me. But you showed me what they really are. And now I know, don't you  see. It's not me, it's not my size, it's them! It's them! It's them!  (Alexander breaks an urn and takes a sharp shard of pottery.)  No. This is the best thing for them.  I'm going to cut their I'm going to cut them. Parmen first,  and they'll all get infected. But this time, listen, whatever they say,  don't save them. Let them die.  At least let me give them a taste of what they gave me.  Please, they're going to kill you anyway. You know that.  That's the first time anybody ever thought of my life before  his own. I should have told you when you first came here that they were  going to kill you. Because I knew, but I was afraid. I was afraid.  Anything I can do to help, you just tell me.  No, not until we came to this planet.  How could I forget that? It was exactly six months and  fourteen days after we got here that they started pushing me around.  Well, four, I think. Or three.  That's right.  Not that I'm afraid or anything, but will it hurt much?  Oh. You mean the same thing that kept me from having the  power made me a dwarf?  He's right. Do you know, Parmen says each has his own  separate power frequency, because before when they've tried to combine  their powers, and use them together, it never worked.  Oh, no. Not after what they've done to me.  You think that's what I want? Become one of them? Become my  own enemy? Just lie around like a big  blob of nothing and have things done for me? I want to move around for  myself. If I'm going to laugh or cry, I want do it for  myself. You can keep your precious power. All I ask is one thing. If  you do make it out of here, take me with you. Just drop me any place  they never heard of kironide or Platonius.  Don't stop me. Let me finish him off.  Parmen, listen to me. I could have had your power, but I  didn't want it. I could have had your place right now, but the sight of  you and your Academicians sickens me. Despite your brains, you're the  most contemptible things that ever lived in this universe. 
