Captain Kirk.  After all these years among humans, you still haven't learned  to smile.  And you haven't come to see us in four years, either.  Amanda. I'm afraid you couldn't pronounce the Vulcan name.  After a fashion, and after many years of practice. Shall we  continue the tour? My husband did request it.  Of course. He's a Vulcan. I'm his wife.  You don't understand the Vulcan way, Captain. It's logical.  It's a better way than ours. But it's not easy. It has kept Spock and  Sarek from speaking as father and son for eighteen years.  I'm glad he has such a friend. It hasn't been easy on Spock.  Neither human nor Vulcan. At home nowhere except Starfleet.  My husband has nothing against Starfleet. But Vulcans believe  that peace should not depend on force.  Perhaps. But Sarek wanted Spock to follow his teachings, as  Sarek followed the teachings of his own father.  A human trait, Captain?  Ambassador Gav lost.  Well, he, he did have a pet sehlat he was very fond of.  It's sort of a fat teddy bear.  He's also human.  I thought you didn't approve of Starfleet.  Sarek, you're proud of him, aren't you? You're showing almost  human pride in your son.  Not really, but it doesn't matter. I love you anyway. I know.  It isn't logical. [Bridge] He's been gone for some time. It's his habit to meditate in  private before retiring. What's wrong? Spock?  Captain, you're not accusing him?  Sarek. Sarek. What's wrong?  No.  Why didn't you tell me?  Please don't. [McCoy's office] What drug, Doctor? My husband is asleep. What drug?  You're going to use it on yourself. A transfusion from you to  your father.  And I refuse to permit it. I won't risk both of you.  Spock, you must turn command over to somebody else.  Any competent officer can command this ship. Only you can give  your father the blood transfusions that he needs to live.  Duty? Your duty is to your father.  Well, I don't. It's not human. That's not a dirty word. You're  human, too. Let that part of you come through. Your father's dying.  If this is what it means, I don't want to know.  Nothing is as important as your father's life.  When you were five years old and came home stiff-lipped,  anguished, because the other boys tormented you saying that you weren't  really Vulcan. I watched you, knowing that inside that the human part  of you was crying and I cried, too. There must be some part of me in  you, some part that I still can reach. If being Vulcan is more  important to you, then you'll stand there speaking rules and  regulations from Starfleet and Vulcan philosophy, and let your father  die. And I'll hate you for the rest of my life.  Oh, go to him. Now. Please.  Captain, come in.  (They go through to the ward.)  And you, Sarek. Would you also say thank you to your son?  For saving your life.  Logic, logic! I'm sick to death of logic. Do you want to know  how I feel about your logic? 
