Welcome to Eminiar Seven. Well, Captain, what can we do for you?  That is impossible.  Because of the war.  We have been at war for five hundred years.  Casualties among our civilian population total from one to three  million dead each year from direct enemy attack. That is one reason,  Captain,  why we told you to stay away. As long as your ship is orbiting our  planet, it is in severe danger.  The third planet in our system, called Vendikar. Originally  settled by our people and now a ruthless enemy. Highly advanced  technologically.  (An alarm sounds.)  Please excuse me. Vendikar is attacking. Mea, care for our  guests.  (The Council adjourn into an adjacent room filled with computer  equipment.)  Yes, I see it. They were warned.  Alert a security detachment. They may be needed. [Council Room] (Anan rejoins the group)  It's a vicious attack, extremely destructive. Fortunately, our  defences are firming, but our casualties are high. Very high.  This is no game, Captain. Half a million people have just been  killed. Activate the attack units, Sar.  Launch immediate counter attack.  Yes, of course.  Deaths have been registered. Of course they have twenty four  hours to report.  To our disintegration machines. You must understand, Captain, we  have been at war for five hundred years. Under ordinary conditions,  no civilisation could withstand that. But we have reached a solution.  Oh, no, quite real. An attack is mathematically launched. I lost  my wife in the last attack. Our civilisation lives. The people die, but  our culture goes on.  We have a high consciousness of duty, Captain.  I'm glad you approve.  Good. Then you will recall I warned you not to come here. You  chose to ignore my warning. I'm sorry, but it's happened.  Once your ship was in orbit about our planet, it became a  legitimate target. It has been classified destroyed by a tricobalt  satellite explosion. All persons aboard your ship have twenty four  hours to report to our disintegration machines. In order to ensure  their co-operation, I have ordered you, Captain, and your party held in  custody until they surrender. If possible, we shall spare your ship,  Captain, but its passengers and crew are already dead.  Captain's log, delayed. The Enterprise, in orbit  about Eminiar Seven, has been declared a casualty of an incredible war  fought by computers.  I and my landing party, though apparently not included as casualties  aboard the Enterprise, are confined on the planet's surface, awaiting  what?  [Room] Yes, Mister Scott?  All personnel. We'll transport up trained Eminians to assume  support positions. Those are my orders, Mister Scott. [Bridge] All security personnel, Federation prisoners have escaped. They  are to be found. They are armed. If they resist, do what is necessary.  Planetary disruptor banks, calculate orbit of star cruiser now  circling. Stand by to fire. Full power.  In ten seconds, open fire. Destroy the star cruiser. Those are  the orders of the Council.  Ship's log, stardate 3193.0. Chief Engineer Scott  recording. The Captain and First Officer are overdue and missing on the  surface of Eminiar Seven. I have taken standard precautionary measures  while we continue our attempts to locate them.  [Bridge] Time is running out. We have been unable to  destroy the Earth ship. One of our disintegration chambers has been  eliminated and we have already fallen far behind in our quota. This is  a grave crisis and I am at a loss to know how to proceed.  What is the great immorality, open honesty or a deception which  may save our lives? Put me through to the Earth Ambassador. [Bridge] A great honour, Mister Ambassador. [Bridge] A mistake, Mister Ambassador. We are at war. [Bridge] An error in our sensors indicated that  your ship was about to attack us. [Council Room] I'm giving orders that our attack be stopped.  [Bridge] Now, as to your representatives, you  have my sacred word as an Eminian that they are alive and well.  We are most anxious to establish relations with you, Mister  Fox. [Council Room] We will make arrangements to receive you. (to  Sar, closing the channel) The minute their screens are down, open fire.    (reopening the channel) I apologise deeply for the  misunderstanding. These are trying times for us, you understand. [Bridge] He will be there, sir. [Bridge] I give you my word.  Won't you join me in a drink, Captain? You'll find our trova most  interesting.  I assume that is what you used to destroy disintegration chamber  number twelve.  My first impression was correct. You are a barbarian.  Don't sound so incredulous, Captain. Of course you are. We all  are. A killer first, a builder second. A hunter, a warrior, and let's  be honest, a murderer. That is our joint heritage, is it not?  What do you want, Captain?  In a safe place.  You're worried about your ship, Captain. I'm trying to save a  world.  Won't you have a drink, Captain?  (Kirk pours himself a slug of trova, and as he turns his back, Anan  presses concealed buttons.)  And then we can discuss our differences.  Why do you think I don't let you talk to your ship ?  You mean, all by yourself with a disruptor, you can destroy this  planet?  I had no idea you were so formidable.  If I told you, Captain, would you walk right out and get them?  Very well, Captain. They're in the War Room. Go left down the  corridor, left again. They are unguarded. [Corridor] (Kirk gestures Anan to leave in front of him, and  pushes him into the first guard outside the door. Then Kirk tackles the  second guard, but finally the pair knock him out.)  Is he alive? Pity. Man like that would have preferred to die  fighting. Take him to the Council Room.  (Kirk is half-dragged away) [Eminiar Seven] (Fox and his aide beam down to exactly the same  place as the original landing party.)  Ambassador Fox?  Welcome to Eminiar, Mister Ambassador. [Corridor] Mister Ambassador, I am truly sorry for what  must happen.  You and your party have been declared war casualties. You will be  taken immediately  to one of our casualty stations so that your deaths may be recorded.  That is correct, Mister Ambassador. I regret it very much, but  there is nothing I can do about it. [Room] (The two security guards are in Eminian uniform and  look like something out of Thunderbirds - the puppet show, that is.)  Captain, surely you can see the position we  are in. If your people do not report to our disintegration chambers, it  is a violation of an agreement that dates back five hundred years.  You will be responsible for an escalation that will destroy  everything. Millions of people horribly killed. Complete destruction of  our culture here and yes, the culture on Vendikar. Disaster, disease,  starvation, horrible, lingering death, pain and anguish!  It would frighten any sane man.  Don't you understand, Captain? We have done away with all that.  Now you are threatening to bring it down on us again. Are those five  hundred people of yours more important than the hundreds of millions of  innocent people on Eminiar and Vendikar? What kind of monster are you?  I had hoped I'd spoken only figuratively.  Enterprise, this is Anan Seven, First Councilman of the High  Council of Eminiar. [Bridge] We hold your Captain, his party, your  Ambassador and his party prisoners. [Council Room] Unless you immediately start transportation  of all personnel aboard your ship to the surface, the hostages will be  killed.  You have thirty minutes. I mean it, Captain.  Planetary defence System, open fire on the Enterprise!  You wouldn't do this. Hundreds of millions of people.  You see? It's started.  What I want or don't want has nothing to do with it. Escalation  is automatic. You can stop it!  What can I do? Somebody, please tell me.  (Kirk lures a guard to him, knocks him down, gets his weapon and holds  off the others.)  You realise what you have done?  There can be no peace. Don't you see? We've admitted it to  ourselves. We're a killer species. It's instinctive. It's the same with  you. Your General Order Twenty Four.  There may be a chance. We have a direct channel with Vendikar's  High Council. It hasn't been used in centuries. 
