The eons have passed and what has been written  has come about. You are most welcome, my beloved children. Your places  await you.  You have left your plains and valleys and made  this bold venture. So it was in the beginning. You have made me proud.  Now you can rest.  We shall remember together. We shall drink the  sacramental wine. There shall be the music of the pipes. The long wait  has ended.  Yes. I caused the wind to withdraw from your  sails.  It has been five thousand years. Have you  learned no patience in that time?  You have the same fire. How like your fathers  you are. Agamemnon, Hector, Odysseus.  You will obey me, lest I close my hand thus.  hat was your first lesson. Remember it. Captain  Kirk, I invite you and your officers to join me. But do not bring that  one, the one with the pointed ears. He is much like Pan, and Pan always  bored me. No sad faces. This is a time to rejoice, not to fear. You are  returning home. Let your hearts prepare to sing.  My children, long have I waited for this moment. The memories  you bring of your lush and beautiful Earth, the green fields and blue  skies, the simple shepherds and their flocks.  Once I stretched out my hand, and Earth trembled. And I  breathed upon it, and spring returned.  Search your most distant memories, those of the thousands of  years past, and I am there. Your fathers knew me, and your father's  fathers. I am Apollo.  Earth, mother of the most beautiful of women in the universe.  That at least has not changed. I am pleased. Yes, my children.  Zeus, Athena, Aphrodite, Artemis. A gallant band of travellers. We knew  your Earth well, five thousand of your years ago.  You will not leave this place.  Your transportation device no longer functions.  I will not permit that device to work, either, Captain.  You will worship me, as your fathers did before you.  I said you would worship me.  And so have you! Let the lesson begin! (Apollo grows as tall as  his temple.) Welcome to Olympus, Captain Kirk. [Bridge] (Enterprise is still held by the hand.)  I want from you that which is rightfully mine. Your loyalty,  your tribute, and your worship.  Life in paradise. As simple and as pleasureful as it was those  thousands of years ago on that beautiful planet so far away.  Agamemnon was one such as you, and Hercules. Pride and  arrogance. They defied me until they felt my wrath.  No, you do not, Captain. They are mine. To save, to cherish, or  to destroy at my will.  How like Aphrodite and Athena. The beauty, grace. And you seem  wise for a woman. What is your name?  I mean your name.  Carolyn. Yes. You are beautiful. You would do Aphrodite credit.  I will tell you a thousand tales, stories of courage and love. You will  know what it is to be a goddess.  You protest? You risk much.  I've grown weary of discussion and argument.  None of your toys will function. Yes. You are a beauty. But  like Artemis, the bow arm should be bare.  (He waves his hand and her clothes turn into Greek-style draperies,  with her hair piled very tall.)  Yes. Come. (he takes her hand and leads her away)  He shall learn the discipline of the temple. So shall you all.  Come.  Without fear. She is fit indeed.  (They both vanish as they walk away.)  I've known other women. Daphne, Cassandra, but none more  beautiful than you. Are you frightened of me?  A god?  They returned to the cosmos on the wings of the wind.  No, not as you understand it. We're immortal, we gods. But the  Earth changed. Your fathers changed. They turned away until we were  only memories. A god cannot survive as a memory. We need love,  admiration, worship, as you need food.  In a real sense, we were gods. We had the power of life and  death. We could have struck out from Olympus and destroyed. We have no  wish to destroy, so we came home again. It was an empty place without  worshippers, but we had no strength to leave, so we waited, all of us,  through the long years.  Even for a god, there's a point of no return. Hera was first.  She stood in front of the temple and spread herself upon the wind,  thinner and thinner, until only the wind remained. But I knew you would  come. You striving, bickering, foolishly brave humans. I knew you would  come to the stars one day. Of all the gods, I knew and I waited, waited  for you to come and sit by my side.  Even five thousand years ago, the gods took mortals to them to  love, to care for, like Zeus took Leto, my mother. We were gods of  passion, of love.  (They kiss.) [Temple] She is no longer of any concern to you.  You will learn discipline. You will learn  (Again, he suddenly becomes tired and vanishes.)  Come here! I know you're trying to escape me. It's useless. I  know everything you do. I tried to be compassionate toward your kind.  But you're of the same nature. I could sweep you out of  existence with a wave of my hand and bring you back again. I can give  life or death. What else does mankind demand of its gods?  We shall not debate, mortal. I offer you eternal rest and  happiness according to the ancient ways. I ask little in return, but  what I ask for I insist upon. Approach me. (the four men turn their  backs on him) I said approach me!  You will gather laurel leaves, light the ancient fires, kill a  deer, make your sacrifices to me. Apollo has spoken!  You shall reap the rewards of your insolence!  Mortal, you have earned this!  I shall be lenient with you, for her sake. You will make plans  to bring the rest of your people down. Be sure your artisans bring  tools.  You will need homes.  You will dismantle your ship for the supplies you need, and  I'll crush its empty hull. I have been too patient. I shall be patient  no longer.  (He disappears with Carolyn still holding his hand.)  Fools. I offer them more than they could  know. Not just a world, but all that makes it up. Man thinks he's  progressed. They're wrong.  He's merely forgotten those things which gave life meaning. You'll all  be provided for, cared for, happy. There is an order of things in this  universe. Your species has denied it. I come to restore it. And for  you, because you have the sensitivity to understand, I offer you more  than your wildest dreams have ever imagined. You'll become the mother  of a new race of gods. You'll inspire the universe.  All men will revere you almost as a god yourself. And I shall love you  for time without end, worlds without end. You shall complete me, and I  you.  (She embraces him happily.)  [Temple] My what?  I am Apollo. I've chosen you.  Your work?  I don't believe it. You love me.  Carolyn! I forbid you to go. I order you to stay.  No! Stop! Stop, I say! [Bridge] (Enterprise shudders under his anger. There is no  longer a hand holding the ship.)  Stop!  (Carolyn totters into view, and Scotty dashes to her.)  Stop, I say! (the temple is now yellow) I command it! [Bridge] Stop! Stop! Stop!  (His lightning bolts end, and the temple dissolves into rubble. Scott  helps Carolyn to her feet as Apollo walks around, surveying the ruins.)    I would have cherished you, cared for you. I would have loved  you as a father loves his children. Did I ask so much?  Carolyn, I loved you. I would have made a goddess of you. I've  shown you my open heart. See what you've done to me.  (He becomes a giant.)  Zeus, Hermes, Hera, Aphrodite. You were right. Athena, you were  right. The time has passed. There is no room for gods. Forgive me, my  old friends. Take me. Take me.  (And he disappears one last time. Carolyn cries.) 
