May I help you? I am the librarian. May I be of assistance?  (A silver-haired man, called A to Z - perfect for a librarian)  Mister Atoz. I confess that I'm a little surprised to see you. I  had thought that everyone had long since gone.  But the surprise is pleasant one. After all, a library serves no  purpose unless someone is using it.  It depended on the individual, of course. If you wish to trace a  specific person, I'm sorry, but that information is confidential.  Ah, you find it difficult to choose, is that it? Yes, a wide  range of alternatives is a mixed blessing, but perhaps I can help.  Would you step this way, please?  (They walk away from Atoz, and another one steps in front of them from  between a range of shelves)  May I help you? You may select from more than twenty thousand  verism tapes, several hundred of which have only recently been added to  the collection. I'm sure you'll find something here that pleases you.  You, sir, what is your particular field of interest?  Really? Oh, that's too bad. We have so little on recent history.  There was no demand for it.  Of course. Reference services available at the desk.  (Where another Mr. Atoz is sitting)  You're very late. Where have you been?  Of course I know. Everyone on this planet was warned of the  coming nova long ago. They followed instructions and are now safe. And  you had better do the same.  Absolutely. Every single one.  Wherever they wanted to go, of course. It is strictly up to the  individual's choice.  Yes, yes, yes. They are all gone, except you three. Of course, I  had to delegate the simple tasks to my replicas.  No, thank you. I plan to join my wife and family when the time  comes. Now, don't be concerned about me. Think of yourselves. I warn  you most urgently. Make your escape before it's too late. The library  is at your complete service.  I will gladly supply you with all reference material to help you.  History of the planet is available in every detail.  Just choose what interests you the most. The millennium, the century,  the date, the moment. The library is your key. (puts a disc in a  reader) Oh! It's in the wrong file. Make your own selection, but  remember, you're very late.  You, sir. I think you’ll find something interesting over here.  (He leads Kirk to his desk)  Now, if these won't do, I can bring you another file.  (Atoz goes off to a machine, while Kirk puts a disc on the player and  sees a town scene with  horse-drawn carriages and a sedan chair. Spock goes over to Mister  Atoz, leaving McCoy browsing images of a snow-covered waste)  Have you made your selection, sir?  I'm sure I was clear. The period in which you're interested.  Ah, this is the atavachron.  Oh, no, sir, no. I must ask you not to touch the controlling  mechanism. Return and make your selection. When you have chosen, I will  prepare you through the atavachron.  Wait! I haven't prepared you.  (Kirk runs through the doorway and disappears. He appears in a street  where people dressed as cavaliers are manhandling a wench)  You must be prepared!  (Spock and McCoy go through the doorway) [Ice Age] May I help you? It’s you. You're lucky you found your way back  here. Now let me process you through the atava  Just let me take care of you and get you back where you belong.  Please, go back!  I must prepare to escape.  (Kirk pushes him into a side room and shuts the door, then turns to  face another Atoz)  You are evidently a suicidal maniac. I don’t understand what  you're trying to do, but if you continue, both of us will die. and I  for one, do not wish death.  I don't trust you.  I am the real Atoz. You've done away with my replicas. I regret  what I must now do.  Just stay where you are, sir. I'll see you get to safety.  (Kirk rolls off, so Atoz tries to push him through. He fails, and gets  overpowered)  You're a most determined man.  All right, all right. All right! It must be the Sarpeidon Ice  Age, five thousand years ago. Let me look.  Do you think that's the right one?  If we’re to get the portal set for the proper time period, you  must be specific.  Well try calling out.  Please, there's no time left. Let me go.  I don't know. Unless, it's because they originally went through  the portal together. 
