Welcome.  You are our visitors. Welcome, welcome. I am Ayelborne.  You are most welcome, my friend.  We don't have anybody in authority, but I am the chairman of  the Council of Elders. Perhaps I would do.  Oh, yes. Our council chambers are nearby. Please.  Of course, my friend. Our village is yours. Captain. [Council Chamber] (Ayelborne and four other older men seat themselves  at a simple wooden table. Beautifully polished, though.)  What you're saying, Captain, is that we seem to have a  choice between dealing with you or your enemies.  We are a simple people, Captain. We have nothing that  anybody could want.  We have no defences, Captain, nor are any needed.  Captain, we see that your concern is genuine. We are moved.  But again we assure you we are in absolutely no danger. If anybody is  in danger, you are, and that concerns us greatly. It would be better if  you returned to your ship as soon as possible.  It is our way of life, Captain.  If you will excuse us, Captain, we will discuss your kind  offer.  We have discussed your offer, Captain. Our opinion is  unchanged. We are in no danger. We thank you for your kind offer of  assistance, although we must decline it, and we strongly recommend that  you leave Organia before you yourselves are endangered.  Captain, I can see that you do not understand us. Perhaps  That is correct, Captain. There is no danger.  Thank you, Trefayne.  Captain, since it is too late for you to escape, perhaps we  should do something about protecting you.  Oh, our friend Trefayne is really quite intuitive. You can  rest assured that what he says is absolutely correct.  Yes, Captain. I took them.  I'm sorry, Captain. I cannot do that. Were you armed, you  might be tempted to use violence, and that we cannot permit. You,  Captain, will pass as an Organian, and Mister Spock. Mister Spock  presents a problem. He doesn't look like an Organian.  We shall continue as before. We have nothing to fear.  I am Ayelborne, temporary head of the council. I bid you  welcome.  He is Baroner, one of our leading citizens.  We shall obey your regulations, Commander.  Commander, I assure you our people want nothing but peace.  We shall cause you no trouble.  But that was violence.  Captain, I implore you never to do such a thing again.  How little you understand us, Captain.  What are you going to do with him, Commander?  There's no need to use your machine on him, commander. I can  tell you his name. It is Captain James T. Kirk.  For some reason, he feels that he must destroy you,  Commander, just as you feel you must destroy him.  I didn't want you to harm him. I'm sorry, Captain. It was  for the best. No harm would come of it.  Oh, there you are, gentlemen. I trust you are in good  health? Shall we go?  Yes. Your captors plan to do violence to you. That we cannot  permit. I came to take you away.  Is there really a choice, Captain? I offer you safety. [Council Chamber] They will not come here, Captain. You may believe me.  How little you understand us, Captain.  Please do not concern yourself about them.  Why, nothing happened to them, Captain. Nothing at all. [Kor's office] You are free, Captain.  We have already answered that question. To us, violence is  unthinkable.  Yes, of course, Captain. But nothing has changed.  I cannot tell you.  You mean you would actually use force?  Very well, but it will do you no good. They're in that  cabinet.  (Spock gets them, but leaves the tricorder.)  There are only two of you against an army. Don't you realise  that what you intend to do will be hopeless?  Yes, but so foolish.  Of course, we cannot allow it. To stop them is very bad.  Trefayne.  And then?  We will wait. [Kor's headquarters] (Outside, under cover of darkness and bushes.)  Very well.  Prepare yourselves.  (They close their eyes and concentrate.)  [Corridor] We are terribly sorry to be forced to interfere, gentlemen,  but we cannot permit you to harm yourselves.  The same conditions exist on both the star-fleets. There  will be no battle.  I suggest you contact them. You too, Captain. Your ship is  now within range of your communications device.  As I stand here, I also stand upon the home planet of the  Klingon Empire, and the home planet of your Federation, Captain. I'm  going to put a stop to this insane war.  It is being done.  Unless both sides agree to an immediate cessation of  hostilities, all your armed forces, wherever they may be, will be  immediately immobilised.  It is no trick, Commander. We have simply put an end to your  war. All your military forces, wherever they are, are now completely  paralysed.  No one has been killed, Captain.  To wage war, Captain? To kill millions of innocent people?  To destroy life on a planetary scale? Is that what you're defending?  Oh, eventually you will have peace, but only after millions  of people have died. It is true that in the future, you and the  Klingons will become fast friends. You will work together.  Yes, please leave us. The mere presence of beings like  yourselves is intensely painful to us.  Millions of years ago, Captain, we were humanoid like  yourselves, but we have developed beyond the need of physical bodies.  That of us which you see is mere appearance for your sake. 
