And trespassed into our star systems. This is Balok,  Commander of the flagship Fesarius of the First Federation. Your  vessel, obviously the product of a primitive and savage civilisation,  having ignored a warning buoy and having then destroyed it, has  demonstrated your intention is not peaceful. We are now considering the  disposition of your ship and the life aboard.  No further communication will be accepted. If there is the  slightest hostile move, your vessel will be destroyed immediately.  Your recorder marker has been destroyed. You have been  examined. Your ship must be destroyed. We make assumption you have a  deity or deities or some such beliefs which comfort you. We therefore  grant you ten Earth time periods known as minutes to make preparations.  You are wasting time and effort. There is no  escape. You have eight Earth minutes left.  You now have seven minutes left.  Four minutes.  Three minutes.  You now have two minutes.  This is the Commander of the Fesarius.  The destruction of your vessel has been delayed. We will  relent in your destruction only if we have proof of your corbomite  device.  We will soon inform you of our decision  regarding your vessel. And having permitted your primitive efforts to  see my form, I trust it has pleased your curiosity. And now, another  demonstration of our superiority.  It has been decided that I will conduct you to a planet of  the First Federation which is capable of sustaining your lifeform.  There you will disembark and be interned. Your ship will be destroyed,  of course.  Do not be deceived by the size of this pilot vessel. It has  an equal potential to destroy your vessel.  So that you may sustain your gravity and atmosphere, your  systems are now open. Escape is impossible since you are being taken  under our power to your destination. Any move to escape or destroy this  ship will result in the instant destruction of the Enterprise and  everyone aboard.  I'm Balok. Welcome aboard. (curtain opens to reveal a small  humanoid with big grin)  And McCoy and Bailey. Sit. Be comfortable. Go ahead, be seated.  We must drink. This is tranya. I hope you relish it as much as I.  I know, I know, a thousand questions. But first, the tranya.  Gentlemen. (drinks) Ahh.  My alter ego, so to speak. In your culture, he would be Mister  Hyde to my Jekyll. You must admit he's effective. You would never have  been frightened by me. And I thought my distress signal quite clever.  It was a pleasure testing you.  I had to discover your real intentions.  Your records could have been a deception on your part.  I have no crew, Doctor. I run everything, this entire complex,  from this small ship. But I miss company, conversation. Even an alien  would be welcome. Perhaps one of your men for some period of time. An  exchange of information, cultures.  Ah. You represent Earth's best, then.  (laughs) I see. We think much alike, Captain, you and I. Now,  before I bring back the Fesarius, let me show you my vessel. It is not  often I have this pleasure. Yes, we're very much alike, Captain. Both  proud of our ships. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios INC. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
