That was my order, Captain.  This is my assistant Arne Darvin.  And now Captain, I want all available security guards. I want  them posted around the storage compartments.  Quadrotriticale is not wheat, Captain. Of course, I wouldn't  expect you or Mister Spock to know about such things, but  quadrotriticale is a rather  Of course, Captain, I realise that  What do you mean?  I did not misuse the Priority One channel. I want that grain  protected.  Captain Kirk, how dare you authorise a mere two men for a  project of this importance? Starfleet Command  Kirk, this station is swarming with  Klingons. [Corridor] Captain Kirk, there are Klingon soldiers on  this station. Now, I want you to keep that grain safe. [Corridor] Captain Kirk, I consider your security measures a disgrace. In  my opinion, you have taken this important project far too lightly.  I am going to report fully to the proper authorities that you  have given free and complete access to this station to a man who is  quite probably a Klingon agent.  To that man who just walked out of here.  You heard me.  My assistant here has kept Mister Jones under close surveillance  for quite some time, and his actions have been most suspicious. I  believe he was involved in that little altercation between your men and  the men from  The man is an independent scout, Captain. It is quite possible  he is also a Klingon spy.  But he is after my grain!  Gorged? On my grain? Kirk, I am going to hold you responsible.  There must be thousands of them.  Kirk, you should have known. You are responsible for turning the  development project into a total disaster.  And I'm through being intimidated, Kirk. You have insulted me,  you have ignored me, you've walked all over me. You have abused your  authority, and you've rejected my requests. And this, this is the  result. I'm going to hold you responsible.  That isn't going to do you any good, Kirk. This project is  ruined, and Starfleet is going to hear about it. And when they do, they  will have a board of inquiry and they will roast you alive. And I am  going to be there, Kirk, to enjoy every minute of it.  No, Kirk. You can't let him. That will give them the wedge they  need to claim Sherman's Planet.  A Klingon?  Poisoned?  I'm certain that can be arranged, Darvin. Guards? If you'll  excuse me, Captain.  (Baris leaves with the security guards and Darvin.) 
