Right here, Captain.  (By the turbolift doors is a man, white on the left side, black on the  right.)  I am Bele.  Forgive my unorthodox arrival.  It served me long and durably. Unfortunately, the strain of  arduous pursuit has exceeded even its advanced qualities. I was just  able to complete this trip and disembark in time, or I would have  disintegrated in space with it.  Yes. It was sheathed in special materials that rendered it  invisible.  You bear precious cargo, Lokai. He has taken refuge aboard this  ship. I am here to claim him.  My apologies, Captain. I overstepped my powers. Claim is  undoubtedly an unfortunate word.  I am chief officer of the Commission on Political Traitors. Lokai  was tried and convicted of treason, but had escaped. May I see him,  please?  With your permission, Captain.  Well, Lokai, it's a pleasure to see you  again. This time I'm sure our joining will be of a more permanent  nature.  Captain, you are to be congratulated. Never before has Lokai been  rendered so quiescent.  And you see how this killer repays you, as he repays all his  benefactors.  They were savages, Captain. We took them into our hearts, our  homes. We educated them.  You were the product of our love! And you repaid us with murder.  Slaves? That was changed thousands of years ago. You were freed.  Yes, you were free, if you knew how to use your freedom. You were  free enough to slaughter and to burn all the things that had been  built!  There is an order in things. He asked for utopia in a day. It  can't be done.  You insane, you filthy little plotter of ruin. You vicious  subverter of every decent thought. Oh, you're coming back to pay for  your crimes!  Captain, it is imperative that you return Lokai to Cheron for  judgment.  Captain, I hope you will be sensible.  Co-operation.  Since I am without a vessel to return to Cheron, I insist that  you take us there immediately.  I am sorry, Captain. That will not be satisfactory, not at all  satisfactory.  You're the captain.  We're on the way to Cheron. Captain, this ship is now under my  direction. For fifty thousand of your terrestrial years,  I have been pursuing Lokai through the galaxy. I have not travelled  this far, this long, only to give him up. This ship goes where my will  drives it.  He cannot help you now. You are lost, Lokai. You're on the way to  judgment, to final punishment.  You evil mound of filth. Not this time.  Oh, the old cry. Pity me, pity me. Everywhere he's gone, he's  been helped to escape. On every planet he's found fools who bleed for  him and shed tears for the oppressed one. But there is no escape for  you on this ship. This is your last sanctuary.  And we are both going to Cheron. You cannot change the course of  this ship any more than you can change me. This ship goes where I want  it to go.  Your phasers are ineffective against our shields. You are  helpless, Captain.  No, this ship is going to Cheron. I will let nothing interfere.  You are being obtuse, Captain. I am permitting no choice. My will  now controls this, and nothing can break it.  You're bluffing.  You can no more destroy this ship than I can change colour.  I agree!  Captain, I am happy to have you complete your mission of mercy to  the planet Ariannus. It was madness to interfere with such a worthwhile  endeavour. But, if you will, upon completion, please take me and my  traitorous captive to Cheron.  The ship's course is now in your control.  Putting the matter into the hands of your  Starfleet Command is, of course, the proper procedure. How long will it  be before we hear from them, Captain?  Well, then, let us drink to their wise solution to our problem.  Gentlemen, we are discussing a question of degree. Surely,  stealing a shuttlecraft cannot be equated with the importance of  murdering thousands of people.  One thing we are agreed on is that Lokai is a criminal.  As always, Lokai has managed to gain allies.  Even if they don't recognise themselves as being such. Yes, he  will evade, delay, and escape again and in the process put thousands of  innocent beings at each other's throats, getting them to kill and maim  for a cause which they have no stake in, but which he will force them  to violently espouse by twisting their minds with his lies, his  loathsome accusations and his foul threats.  It is obvious to the most simpleminded that Lokai is of an  inferior breed.  Are you blind, Commander Spock? Well, look at me. Look at me!  I am black on the right side.  Lokai is white on the right side. All of his people are white on  the right side.  Commander Spock, I am delighted that Vulcan was saved, but you  cannot expect Lokai and people like him to act with self-discipline any  more than you can expect a planet to stop orbiting its sun.  He cannot change.  You mean like both of you?  I once heard that on some of your planets people believe they are  descended from apes.  There is nothing I would like more.  Captain's log, stardate 5730.7. Having completed  our mission to Ariannus, the Enterprise is now on course to Starbase  Four.  The crew is on normal routine, and we are proceeding without incident.  [Bridge] (Chekov is hunched over Spock's station.)  The directional control and the self-destruct, Captain, are both  burnt out. I did it like this.  (Bele waves his hands over the computer controls and they flash in  electrical short-circuits)  Captain's log, stardate 5730.6. In a deliberate act  of sabotage, Commissioner Bele has burned out our destruct mechanism  and through the power of his will has again taken over directional  control of the Enterprise.  [Bridge] (Lokai enters)  Now can we go to Cheron without any more discussion?  You're finished, Lokai! We've got your kind penned in on Cheron  into little districts, and it's not going to change. You've combed the  galaxy and come up with nothing but mono-coloured trash, do-gooders and  bleeding hearts. You're dead, you half-white!  If you listen to his legalistic trickery, I shall have to destroy  this ship and everybody aboard.  Why not?  My people, all dead?  Your band of murderers did this.  He must not escape me. 
