That's to be expected, Mister Spock. Quasars are extremely  disruptive. Just how much, we don't know.  Ionic interference, Mister Spock.  Now that's what I call a ride.  I can't be sure, but I'd say that, the magnetic potential of the  effect was (McCoy gives him a tissue for his nose bleed) Thank you. Was  such that, as we gathered speed, it was multiplied geometrically. And  we were simply shot into the centre of the effect. Like a projectile.  You mean three of us must stay behind.  And who's to choose?  You wouldn't be interested in drawing lots?  All right, Mister Spock. Who?  If any minor damage was overlooked, it was when they put his head  together.  Did you see what it was?  Poor Latimer.  We'll get off all right.  Sir?  Not very efficient? Is that all you have to say?  You? Error? Impossible.  There's a man lying there dead, and you talk about stone spears.  What about Latimer?  (looking in from outside) Mister Spock. we're ready.  The services for Latimer.  The man's dead. He deserves a decent burial. You're the captain.  A few words.  Not necessarily. It could be a simple tribal rite, assuming a  tribal culture.  We know enough. If they're tribal, they'll have a sense of unity.  We can use that.  By hitting them hard. Give them a bloody nose. Make them think  twice about attacking us.  Absolutely.  The mists. I can't see them.  Nobody knows what's happened to Gaetano, and you hand over his  phaser like  nothing's happened at all.  Do you really think the ship will ever leave?  Another prediction, Mister Spock?  All right, Spock, you have all the answers. What now?  My tone isn't the only thing that's hostile, Mister Spock!  I'm sick and tired of your logic!  How long do you think those plates will hold out under this?  We've got to do something!  For the moment?  Mister Gaetano's body's back there.  Not without a burial.  Not without a burial, Mister Spock.  I'll take that chance. You see, Mister Spock, I would insist upon  a decent burial even if your body was back there.  I'm sick and tired of this machine!  They let go!  You mean a burn-up?  I admire your ability to make so measured a choice.  We need that fuel to maintain orbit. Are you out of your mind? 
