Boyce here.  I understand we picked up a distress signal.  Oh, I concur with yours, definitely.  Who wants a warm martini?  Sometimes a man'll tell his bartender things he'll never tell  his doctor. What's been on your mind, Chris, the fight on Rigel Seven?  Was there anything you personally could have done to prevent it?  Chris, you set standards for yourself no one could meet. You  treat everyone on board like a human being except yourself, and now  you're tired and you  To the point of finally taking my advice, a rest leave?  And do what?  Ah, that sounds exciting. Ride out with a picnic lunch every day.  You, an Orion trader, dealing in green animal women, slaves?  Not for you. A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets  it head-on, and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to  wither away.  Take your choice. We both get the same two kinds of customers.  The living and the dying.  If they can spare you a moment, I'd like to make my medical  report.  Their health is excellent. Almost too good.  It was a perfect illusion. They had us seeing just what we  wanted to see, human beings who'd survived with dignity and bravery,  everything entirely logical, right down to the building of the camp,  the tattered clothing, everything. Now let's be sure we understand the  danger of this. The inhabitants of this planet can read our minds. They  can create illusions out of a person's own thoughts, memories, and  experiences, even out of a person's own desires. Illusions just as real  and solid as this table top and just as impossible to ignore.  Maybe it was. It's what I tried to explain in the briefing room.  Their power of illusion is so great, we can't be sure of anything we  do, anything we see.  [Pike's cell] Hold on a minute.  You look a hundred percent better.  Eve as in Adam? 
Boyce here.  I understand we picked up a distress signal.  Oh, I concur with yours, definitely.  Who wants a warm martini?  Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell  his doctor. What's been on your mind, Chris, the fight on Rigel seven?  Was there anything you personally could have done to prevent it?  Chris, you set standards for yourself no one could meet. You  treat everyone on board like a human being except yourself, and now  you're tired and you  To the point of finally taking my advice, a rest leave?  And do what?  Ah, that sounds exciting. Ride out with a picnic lunch every day.  You, an Orion trader, dealing in green animal women, slaves?  Not for you. A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets  it head-on, and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to  wither away.  Take your choice. We both get the same two kinds of customers.  The living and the dying.  If they can, er, spare you a moment, I'd like to make my medical  report.  Their health is excellent, almost too good. 
