Let's get right to business. You want lithium crystals and  we've got them.  We're not sure they're for sale, Captain. We might prefer a  swap.  Mudd's women.  Right. Trot them out, Captain. Oh, and Harry Mudd. Either  way, I've agreed to have him released. Charges dropped.  You've got no choice, Kirk. You beam a landing party down,  and you won't find one blessed crystal.  One thing I'll say for you, Mudd, you're not a liar. Ladies,  you are welcome.  When I have the time, Kirk.  We're busy, Mister Kirk.  (to Eve) Blows like that all the time. You can get lost a  dozen feet from your doorstep. The wind comes up sudden.  Magnetic storm. That means the wind will really rip soon.  Would you like to dance?  That's the way it is on Rigel all the time. (cuts in on Ruth  instead)  What's the matter with you?  You can't go out there. You'll get killed.  I had things where I wanted them.  And I do my own cooking. I've not laid a hand on you.  Remember that.  I guess I'm supposed to sit, taste, and roll my eyes. Ooh,  female cooking again. I've tasted better, by my own hand.  You find me a well, some decent water, then talk.  (after hanging out the pots) It might work. That solitaire?  The red eight ought to go on the black nine.  You're not only plain as an old bucket, you're not even good  company. What the devil happened to your looks, anyway?  You heard what I said. You're homely! I've got enough in  crystals already to buy queens by the gross! (Kirk and Mudd enter) I  didn't touch her.  She's been bubbling with gratitude ever since.  Venus drug? I've heard of it but, it's not just one of those  stories?  Does that mean the others? They really look like she does?  Is that what it means?  What happened to my partners?  Why?  I can! A man goes out and fights, almost dies. We all almost  die. We should have, but we didn't. And now that we've got the good  life in our hands, you bring us women for wives that  A fake, pumped up by a drug.  No, the crystals are here, and you're welcome to them.  Eve will stay, today at least. We, er, we want to talk. 
