I have him on my screen. Following. [Bridge] Blackjack, this is Bluejay 4. UFO is  picking up speed and climbing. I'm going in closer.  I can see it now. Whatever this is, it's big. Two  cylindrical projections on top, one below. Purpose undetermined.  I won't be here. The UFO's climbing away fast. [Bridge] You speak English.  Captain John Christopher, United States Air Force. Serial  number 4857932.  What's going on here? Where am I? What happened? You  people, who are you?  Don't give me any double-talk. Just tell me who you are.  A woman?  Must have taken quite a lot to build a ship like this.  I see. Did the Navy  United Earth?  You seem to have a lot of them. However, I can't deny the  fact that you're here. With this ship. [Bridge] I never have believed in little green  men.  Interesting is a word and a half for it, Captain.  I take it that a lady computer is not routine.  Well, you people certainly have interesting problems. I'd  love to stay around to see how your girlfriend works out, but  Can't? Spock here told me that your transporter can beam  down an object even from an orbit this high.  Well then my disappearance would change something, too.  Look, Captain, I don't buy all your time accident story.  The experts can figure out who you are and what you are. It's my duty  to report what I've seen. Well, what would you do?  I don't want to know about risks. I have a wife, two  children. What about them?  Too bad, Captain. Maybe I can't go home, but neither can  you. You're as much a prisoner in time as I am.  Captain's Log Stardate 3113.7. Our engines are  being repaired, but we are still locked in time, and we have aboard a  passenger whom we do not want, and we cannot return.  [Captain's quarters] All right. Nice and easy. Now I'm  going to step into that thing, and you're going to transport me back to  Earth.  (He hears a noise behind him, and turns to have Kirk disarm him and  knock him out)  [Sickbay] The answer to that is no.  Yeah. I see physical training is required in your service,  too.  What does he mean by that?  Why? You said I made no relative contribution.  Wait a minute. I don't have a son.  A boy. I'm going to have a son. [Briefing room] When I made visual contact, I turned on my wing cameras. I  got close enough to take some pretty clear pictures of you. Air Defence  Command will be processing that film fast. And ADC Control was probably  recording my radio transmissions.  That makes me out to be either a liar or a fool.  Captain, I know that base. I was stationed there a year  ago. I'd like to  Well, I'd like to help. I could sketch a layout of the  place for you. Show you where the record section and the photo lab are.    (Kirk hands him a PADD)  [498 Airbase Group Air Defence Command] (It's nighttime, and a guard is patrolling the  corridors when Kirk and Sulu beam in. They smile at the quaint notice  board and trophy cupboard before breaking into the Statistical Services  Division by means of a sort of sonic screwdriver. Kirk's torch lights  up a bank of magnetic tapes)  He's probably being held in security  section. Even if they've notified the authorities, it'll take a little  time for someone to get there.  Yes, but you're not going to get them unless you take me  with you.  Something's already gone wrong. Of course, you could beam  down anywhere inside that base, but it would take time to find him.  You don't trust me, Spock.  They know you've been here.  (holding the security guard's gun) Uh-uh. Not me.  You bet I do. My family. A son that isn't born yet. You  don't have to return me now, Captain. Spock, come out of there.  I told you it's my duty to report everything I've seen.  That's explanation enough. Spock!  Over my dead body.  (So he gets neck-pinched into unconsciousness)  Slingshot effects are fine for you people. How do you  propose to return the Sergeant and me?  What if you can't pull free of the sun?  I never thought I'd make it into space. I was in line to  be chosen for the space  programme but I didn't qualify.  This is Christopher. [Bridge] Captain, thanks for the look ahead. [Bridge] Blackjack, this is Bluejay Four. I could have sworn there  was some kind of ship, but nothing could have moved that fast. 
