But it was exciting. They'd do well in the arena.  But this is no place for a reunion.  Prepare food for our friends. They've come from a great  distance. A great distance indeed. So, this is a Vulcan. Interesting.  From what I've heard, I wish I had fifty of you for the arena.  Come. You must be hungry. Gentlemen?  (They sit at a table, and the girl brings over a plate.)  Oh, try the sparrow broiled in garum. Delicious. Or perhaps  some of this roast kid. Lovely thing, isn't she?  Contamination. Can't risk that. Oh, you'll understand as you  learn more about us.  Interesting. And you, Captain, which world do you prefer?  Are designed to circumvent any such order. There may be over  four hundred men on your ship, Captain, but they can be brought down if  it's handled properly. Say, a few at a time. You see, I have the  advantage of a trained ship captain to tell me what is and what is not  possible. Your communicator, Captain Kirk. Now do save us all a lot of  unnecessary trouble and issue the appropriate orders.  I believe this, Captain. That you would do almost anything  rather than see these two dear friends put slowly to death.  (Kirk takes the communicator.)  Very wise of you, Captain. No point in sending up  bullet-ridden corpses.  I do hope so, for your sake. Now, Captain, what are you going  to order your men to do?  you could probably defeat the combined armies of our entire  empire, and violate your oath regarding noninterference with other  societies. I believe you all swear you'll die before you'd violate that  directive. Am I right?  But on the other hand, why even bother to send your men down?  From what I understand, your vessel could lay waste to the entire  surface of the world. Oh, but there's that Prime Directive in the way  again. Can't interfere.  Order your officers to come down.  Guards, take them. Prepare them for the games.  Question, Captain?  We believe men should fight their own battles. Only the weak  will die. My word as a Roman. Ready to order your men down, Captain?  Quite true, Captain Kirk. The games have always strengthened  us. Death becomes a familiar pattern. We don't fear it as you do.  (Flavius gets whipped again)  Admit it. You find these games frightening, revolting.  Certain this isn't different, Captain? Those are your men  dying, not strangers.  You're a clever liar, Captain Kirk. Merikus was a spaceship  captain. I've observed him thoroughly. Your species has no such  strength.  I see no evidence of superiority. They fight no better than  your men did, Merikus. Perhaps not as well.  Your opinion, Merikus? After all, they're like yourself.  Your opinion, Captain Kirk? Would you like me to kill them  now? An easy death? Then you'd gladly accept whatever happens to you.  Take them back to their cage. Well, it won't go that easily for them,  Captain, nor for you. Take him to my quarters.  [Chamber] (Kirk is alone in the room, and is startled when a  curtain is pulled back and the blonde girl appears, wearing very  little.)  Captain. (Kirk wakes with a start) I'm sorry I was detained.  Should we have our little talk now? So far on this planet we've kept  you rather busy. I don't wonder you slept through the afternoon. By the  way, one of the communicators we took from you is missing. Was it my  pretty Drusilla by any chance?  (Merik enters. There are guards in the room now too.)  See if he has it. Not that I would have punished her. I would  have blamed you. You're a Roman, Kirk, or you should have been. It's  not on his person?  I am sorry I was detained. I trust there was nothing further  you required?  Because you're a man, I owe you that. You must die shortly,  and because you are a man (pauses) Would you leave us, Merik? The  thoughts of one man to another cannot possibly interest you.  (Merik leaves.)  Because you are a man, I gave you some last hours as a man.  Unfortunately, we must demonstrate that defiance is  intolerable.  But I've learned to respect you. I promise you, you will die  easily, quickly.  When their time comes, the same of course. Guards. Take him  to the arena. Oh, we've pre-empted fifteen minutes on the early show  for you. In full colour. We guarantee you a splendid audience. You may  not understand because you're centuries beyond anything as crude as  television.  Make it a quick, single thrust.  Guards, don't let him escape! Guards! [Jail] ( When the lights come on again, he's by McCoy and  Spock's cell.)  Hold! We're in each other's line of fire. I pity you, Captain  Merik, but at least watch and see how men die. Swords only!  (So the fight starts, and Spock acquires a sword very quickly. The cell  door is a defensible position.) 
