Hello! Are you real? I mean, I'm not imagining you, am I?  You speak English. Earth people?  The F? Well, it doesn't matter. I'm Cochrane. I've been  marooned here who knows how long. If you only knew how good it is to  see you. And a woman.  A beautiful one at that.  You're a Vulcan, aren't you?  Doctor.  Ma'am. You're food to a starving man. All of you. Hey, that's  a nice ship. Simple and clean. Been trying to get her to go again?  Well, forget it. It won't work.  Well, I wouldn't know anything about that.  Not a chance. There's some sort of dampening field down here.  Power systems don't work. Take my word for it.  Go right ahead. You've got plenty of time.  Marooned, I told you. Look, we'll have lots of time to learn  about each other. I have a small place over that way. All the comforts  of home. I can even offer you a hot bath.  That's right. That's why I'm so glad to see you. Look, I'll  tell you everything you want to know, but not here. Your ship is sure a  beauty.  Yes. I had tools and supplies left over from my crash.  Not Earth, but it's livable. I grow vegetables in the fields  over that next ridge. Come on in. [Cochrane's home] You mean my instruments? I imagine things have changed a lot  since I crashed.  The temperature's a constant seventy two degrees. Let me get  you something cool to drink.  Well, sometimes the light plays tricks on you. You'd be  surprised what I've imagined I've seen around here sometimes.  There's nothing to explain.  (He hands a drink to Nancy.)  All right. It was the Companion.  That's what I call it. As a matter of fact, Captain, I didn't  crash here. I was brought here in my disabled ship. I was almost dead.  The Companion saved my life.  I was dying, Mister Spock.  I was an old man.  Well, I don't know how it did it, but the Companion  rejuvenated me, made me young again, like I am now.  I told you, I don't know what it is. It exists, it lives, and  I can communicate with it.  Zefram.  That's right, Captain.  No, it's true. I was eighty seven years old when I came here.    I was tired, Captain. I was going to die, and I wanted to die  in space. That's all.  You're looking at it, Mister Spock.  I haven't aged. The Companion sees to that.  I cannibalised it. The food, water, gardens, everything else  I need the Companion gives me. Apparently, it creates it out of the  native elements.  I already know.  You won't like it.  You're here to keep me company.  No, the Companion did. I told it I'd die of loneliness. I  thought it would release me. Instead, it brought you here.  I'd begin to age again, normally.  Believe me, Captain, immortality consists largely of boredom.  What's it like out there in the galaxy?  How would you like to sleep for a hundred and fifty years and  wake up in a new world?  You've got it. [Outside the shuttlecraft] (Spock is working when the Companion appears next  to him. He reaches to touch it, and then is flung away. The  electrics in the shuttlecraft all burn out.) [Cochrane's home] I said it was very powerful.  I don't know.  It's on a non-verbal level, but I usually get my message  across.  I just sort of clear my mind and it comes.  (He walks to the edge of the garden then stands with his eyes closed.  The Companion appears, then moves to envelope him.)  Yes. It kind of drains me a little, but I'm all right.  The Companion can't do anything to help Miss Hedford.  If there's anything I could do to help, I would, and I will,  but we can expect nothing from the Companion. [Outside the shuttlecraft] The Companion saved my life. It's taken care of me all these  years. We've been very close in a way that's hard to explain. I suppose  I even have an affection for it.  I don't want it killed.  But you don't know. You could kill it. I won't stand for  that.  I suppose from your point of view, you're right.  All right. You want me to contact it?  What was it they used to call it? The Judas goat? (leaves)  What's the theory behind this device?  You mean it speaks?  Captain, why did you build that  translator with a feminine voice?  But I heard  I don't understand.  I'm a what?  Do you know what you're saying? For all these years, I've let  something as alien as that crawl around inside me, into my mind, my  feelings.  That thing fed on me. It used me. It's disgusting.  You're as bad as it is.  Is this what the future holds? Men who have no notion of  decency or morality? Maybe I'm a hundred and fifty years out of style,  but I'm not going to be fodder for any inhuman monster. (leaves)  It's useless. I know.  It's her.  Don't you understand? It's the Companion.  You're letting us go?  You're very beautiful.  I could explain many things.  Everything will be an eye-opener to you. There's a thousand  planets out there, a thousand races, and I'll show everything to you,  soon as I learn my way around again. Maybe I can make up a little for  everything you've done for me.  Of course you can. You have to.  You gave up everything to be human? But even if you stay  here, you'll eventually die.  Well, I can't just fly away and leave you here.  You saved my life, took care of me. You loved me. I never  understood. I do now.  (He kisses her.)  [Bridge] I can't take her away from here. If I do, she'll die. If I  leave her, she'll die of loneliness. I owe everything to her. I can't  leave her. I love her. Is that surprising?  I have honours enough.  That's been happening to men and women for a long time. I've  got the feeling it's one of the pleasanter things about being human, as  long as you grow old together.  There's plenty of water here. The climate's good for growing  things. I might try to plant a fig tree. A man's entitled to that,  isn't he? It isn't gratitude, Captain. Now that I see her, touch her, I  know that I love her. We'll have a lot of years together. They'll be  happy ones.  Captain, don't tell them about me. 
