You Kirk?  I figure we'll be spending some time together, so I moved in.  What's the matter? Don't you like books?  A computer, huh? I got one of these in my office. Contains all  the precedents. The synthesis of all the great legal decisions written  throughout time. I never use it.  I've got my own system. Books, young man, books. Thousands of  them. If time wasn't so important, I'd show you something. My library.  Thousands of books.  This is where the law is. Not in that homogenised, pasteurised,  synthesiser. Do you want to know the law, the ancient concepts in their  own language, Learn the intent of the men who wrote them, from Moses to  the tribunal of Alpha 3? Books.  Right on both counts. Need a lawyer?  No questions.  No questions.  No questions.  Well, sir, the truth is, I've been holding back till we get  this preliminary business out of the way. I'd like to call Captain Kirk  to the stand.  I wouldn't want to slow the wheels of progress. But then on the  other hand, I wouldn't want those wheels to run over my client in their  unbridled haste.  Stop. I think that's enough. I wouldn't want to slow things up  too much.  Now, Captain, despite what these machines indicate, was there  indeed a Red Alert before you jettisoned the pod?  Please tell us about it.  You did the right thing, but would you do it again?  Your witness, Miss Shaw.  Computers don't lie.  I'm suggesting that maybe you did have a lapse. It was  possible, you know, with the strain you were under. There's still time  to change our plea. I could get you off.  You did. Your professional career.  There's no place to go, except back to court and hear the  verdict.  (Communicator beeps)  That's very commendable, Miss Finney, but most unusual. After  all, Captain Kirk is accused of causing your father's death, and the  evidence would indicate his guilt.  No, but I may be getting ready. [Briefing room] Sir, the defence rests.  (McCoy and Spock run in and whisper to Kirk and Cogley)  Sir, some new evidence has just been brought to my attention.  I'd like to ask the court to  I can't tell you, I'll have to show you.  Is saving an innocent man's career a theatric? i  I'd be delighted to, sir, now that I've got something human to  talk about. Rights, sir, human rights. The Bible, the Code of Hammurabi  and of Justinian, Magna Carta, the Constitution of the United States,  Fundamental Declarations of the Martian colonies, the Statutes of Alpha  Three. Gentlemen, these documents all speak of rights. Rights of the  accused to a trial by his peers, to be represented by counsel, the  rights of cross-examination, but most importantly, the right to be  confronted by the witnesses against him, a right to which my client has  been denied.  All but one. The most devastating witness against my client is  not a human being. It's a machine, an information system. The computer  log of the Enterprise. Can ask this court adjourn and reconvene aboard  that vessel.  And I repeat, I speak of rights. A machine has none. A man  must. My client has the right to face his accuser, and if you do not  grant him that right, you have brought us down to the level of the  machine. Indeed, you have elevated that machine above us. I ask that my  motion be granted, and more than that, gentlemen. In the name of  humanity, fading in the shadow of the machine, I demand it. I demand  it!  Captain's Log, Stardate 2950.1. After due  consideration, the general court-martial has reconvened on board the  Enterprise.  [Briefing room] How many games of chess did you win from  the computer, Mister Spock?  May that be considered unusual?  Why?  Could that have had an effect on the visual playback we saw?  Hypothetically, Mister Spock. Hypothetically, Miss Shaw. If  what you suggest had been done, it would be beyond the capabilities of  most men. Is that true?  What man aboard ship would it not be beyond?  And at the moment, you have no records officer.  Captain Kirk, will you tell the steps you took to find Mister  Finney after the storm?  Describe a phase one search.  It presupposes, does it not, that a man wishes to be found?  If you start a search for a man, you assume, don't you, that he  wants to be found? He's not hiding?  On a ship of this size, could a man evade such a search?  Gentlemen, I submit to you that Lieutenant Commander Ben Finney  is not dead. [Bridge] You shall have it, but first I need the co-operation of this  court in conducting an experiment. Captain Kirk.  Including myself, sir.  I have an errand ashore of vital importance to the purpose of  this court, and I will return.  Thank you, sir.  (Leaves with the spare crew members.) 
