The USS Enterprise, under command  of Captain James T. Kirk, is formally charged with espionage. The  testimony of First Officer [Sickbay] Spock was highly instrumental in  confirming this intrusion into Romulan space was not an accident. First  Officer Spock's testimony was specific that your ship was not under  orders from Starfleet Command or the Federation council to perform such  a spy mission. [Romulan Commander's office] To our home base. You will there be  processed and released to Federation Command. Until judgment is passed,  Captain Kirk will be held in confinement. 
We grow visible. Attend the cloaking system.  That Earth outpost called to an Earth vessel. Now it follows  us.  Perhaps so, but my judgment prevails.  It is good we approach the Neutral Zone. Not too soon for me  to see the stars of home. I know they are following.  First study the enemy, seek weakness. If I were their  commander, that is what I would do.  A message was dispatched. You've broken the rule of silence.    Your carelessness might have ended this glorious mission.  You're reduced two steps in rank. Return to post.  Danger and I are old companions.  I think you do. No need to tell you what happens when we  reach home with proof of the Earthmen's weakness. And we will have  proof. The Earth commander will follow. He must. When he attacks, we  will destroy him. Our gift to the homeland, another war.  Must it always be so? How many comrades have we lost in this  way?  Obedience. Duty. Death and more death. Soon even enough for  the Praetor's taste. Centurion, I find myself wishing for destruction  before we can return. Worry not. Like you, I am too well-trained in my  duty to permit it. Continue evasive manoeuvres. Now, back to the first  course. [Bridge] How pleasing to the eye it is. Behold a  marvel in the darkness.  Its many particles will obscure their sensing device,  Centurion.  Once fully obscured, we will turn suddenly back upon our  adversary.  Clear?  Escape manoeuvre one, quickly! [Bridge] Divert all power to weapons. [Bridge] Activate our cloak.  Quickly!  Its commander is not one to repeat a mistake. [Bridge] Evasive action. The Earth ship again.  (They are hit by phaser fire again) [Bridge] No need. The Centurion is dead.  No. No, he's shrewd, this starship commander. He tries to  make us waste energy. He has estimated we have only enough. It is time.  All debris into disposal tubes.  The body of the Centurion, too. Forgive me, my old friend,  but I must use all my experience now to get home. [Bridge] Shh. He is there, somewhere. I feel it. Captain's log, supplemental. Now motionless for  nine hours, forty seven minutes. [Kirk's quarters] (Yeoman Rand walks in without knocking, to find the  Captain lying on his bed.)  We have him. Move toward him. [Bridge] He's a sorcerer, that one. He reads the thoughts in my  brain. Our fuel supply all but gone and he stays out of reach.  Perhaps we can yet save your Praetor's pride for him. More  debris into the tubes. Decius, do we have the old-style nuclear  warheads aboard?  Place one with the debris. Proximity fuse.  Now we go home.  We've damaged ourselves. Our fuel reserve is gone.  I do not trust their Captain.  We will attack, but on my order. [Phaser control]
