Alien life force onboard is composed of pure energy. Type  unknown. Actions indicate intelligence and purpose.  Insufficient data for further analysis. 
Negative ionic concentration one point six four times ten to  the ninth power metres, Radiation wave length three hundred seventy  angstroms. Harmonics upward along entire spectrum. 
Working.  Voice and code verified and correct. Sequence two complete.  Voice and code one B, two B, three verified and correct.  Destruct sequence completed and engaged. Awaiting final code for thirty  second countdown.  Destruct sequence engaged. Awaiting final code for thirty  second countdown.  Thirty seconds. twenty nine, twenty eight, twenty seven,  (break) twenty five seconds,  Twenty seconds,  Fifteen seconds,  Ten, nine, eight, seven, six,  Destruct order aborted. Destruct order aborted. 
Computer working.  Next interphase two hours twelve minutes. 
Comparison tape D's brain circuitry patterns of Lieutenant  Mira Romaine and tape H, brain circuitry patterns  of alien life unit, identical. Identical. 
Library computer.  Computed. Object is a Class F shuttlecraft. Duranium metal  shell, ion engine power  Computed. Shuttlecraft is already past point of safe return.  [Shuttlecraft] Locked on. Tractor beam ready.  Computer.  Unable to comply.  [Spock's quarters] Unable to comply. Any such attempt will cross-circuit  vessel's life-supporting system. Computer control cannot be disengaged  until vessel reaches planet Talos Four.  Captain's log, stardate 3012.4. Despite our best  efforts to disengage computers, the Enterprise is still locked on a  heading for the mysterious planet Talos Four. Meanwhile, as required by  Starfleet General Orders, a preliminary hearing on Lieutenant Commander  Spock is being convened. And in all the years of my service, this is  the most painful moment I've ever faced.  [Hearing room]
Library computer.  Working. Kodos the Executioner, summary. Governor of Tarsus  Four twenty Earth years ago. Invoked martial law. Slaughtered fifty  percent of population Earth colony, that planet. Burned body found when  Earth forces arrived. No positive identification. Case closed. Detailed  information follows. On stardate 2794.7,  Director and star of travelling company of actors sponsored  by galactic cultural exchange project, touring official installations  last nine years. Has daughter, Lenore, nineteen years old,  No identification records available on actor Anton Karidian.  No information available, Anton Karidian, prior to twenty  years ago  Library computer.  Data being received. Kodos file of all survivors. There are  nine actual eye witnesses who can identify Kodos.  Kirk, J., presently Enterprise Captain, Leighton, T.,  Moulton, E., Riley, K., Eames, D.,  Affirmative. Riley, Kevin. Presently assigned U.S.S.  Enterprise communications section.  Library computer.  Accomplished. Standing by.  Affirmative. [Corridor]
In place.  Negative. A close copy.  Ninety eight percent probability. 
(high-pitched staccato female) Computer on.  Identify self.  Voice pattern matches, but I have no listing of a Gary Seven  assigned this planet.  I am a Beta Five computer capable of analytical decisions.  Please confirm identity as supervisor by describing nature of agents  and mission here.  Incomplete but sufficient. Location of agents unreported for  three days.  I am aware of proper search procedures, one nine four.  [Transporter room] (There are no clouds at all over North and Central  Africa, the Middle East and into the Indian subcontinent as the  Enterprise orbits Earth. No green vegetation either.)  In response to nuclear warhead placed in  suborbit by other major power, United States today launching suborbital  platform  with multi-warhead capacity. Purpose, to maintain balance of power.  Analysis correct. Earth situation similar. Mission of agents  two oh one and three four seven. Set malfunction on United States  rocket.  Negative. No progress.  Exactly one hour, twenty seven minutes, twelve seconds.  Computer on.  Roberta Lincoln. Human. Profession, secretary. Employed by  three four seven and two oh one. Description. Age twenty, five feet  seven inches, one hundred twenty pounds, hair presently tinted honey  blonde. Although behaviour appears erratic, possesses high IQ.  Birthmarks  Small mole on left shoulder. Somewhat larger star-shaped mark  on her  Occurrence, automobile accident. Location  Highway nine four nine, ten miles north of McKinley Rocket Base. Agents  three four seven and two oh one were killed instantly.  Verified. Descriptions of bodies are exact.  [Apartment building] (Kirk and Spock step out of the elevator by  apartment 12A) One minute to launch.  Thirty seconds to launch.  Fifteen seconds to launch. Ten seconds. [Launch Control] Rocket passing twenty mile arc and  accelerating.  Rocket control possible with exceiver circuits operated  manually.  Rocket altitude now one hundred miles. Standing by to begin  malfunction as planned.  Exceiver setting now nine zero point zero eight.  Second stage ready to detach.  Second stage detaching.  (The famous shot of a rocket stage falling away back to Earth.)  Third stage igniting.  Malfunction setting correct. Rocket veering from planned  course. [Launch Control] Accomplished. Nuclear warhead now armed. Set exceiver nine  one point two one eight.  (Roberta picks up a cigar box.)  Orbital platform separating.  Warhead still armed. Six minutes to impact.  Flight path continuing on target. [Launch Control] Rocket descending and accelerating. Do  you have further instructions, one nine four?  Two minutes to impact.  Altitude five hundred fifty miles.  Altitude four hundred and fifty miles.  Altitude four hundred miles.  Fifty five seconds to impact.  Forty seconds to impact.  Altitude three hundred miles. Descending and accelerating.  Thirty seconds and accelerating.  One hundred ninety miles. One hundred eighty miles. One  hundred seventy miles. One hundred sixty miles. One hundred fifty, one  hundred forty, one hundred thirty, one hundred twenty. (there's a  bright flash) Detonation one hundred four miles.  (Big sighs of relief all round.)  (Later, Gary Seven is dictating his report to the special typewriter.  Kirk and Spock are back in uniform.) 
Working. Lieutenant Commander Montgomery Scott. Serial number  SE-19754-T. Verified.  Working. Subject recently received severe blow on skull.  Damage healing. Some peripheral abnormalities.  Working. Negative.  Subject relaying accurate account. No physiological changes.  Subject relaying accurate account. No physiological changes.  Inaccurate. Inaccurate. Data in error.  Subject relaying accurate account. No physiological changes.  Subject relaying accurate account, though some statements  subjective. No physiological changes.  Working. Negative finding.  Affirmative.  Working. Affirmative. A proper name.  Redjac. Source Earth, nineteenth century. Language, English.  Nickname for mass murderer of women. Other Earth synonym, Jack the  Ripper.  The Drella of Alpha Carinae Five derives nourishment from the  emotion of love. There is sufficient precedent for existence of  creature, nature unknown, which could exist on emotion of fear.  Affirmative. Precedent, mellitus, cloud creature of Alpha  Majoris One.  Working. 1932. Shanghai, China, Earth. Seven women knifed to  death. 1974, Kiev, USSR, Earth. Five women knifed to death.  2105. Martian colonies. Eight women knifed to death. 2156. Heliopolis,  Alpha Eridani Two. Ten women knifed to death. There are additional  examples.  Working. Kesla. Name given to unidentified mass murderer of  women on planet Deneb Two. Beratis. Name given to unidentified mass  murderer of women on planet Rigel Four. Additional data. Murders on  Rigel Four occurred one solar year ago.  (All heads turn towards Mister Hengist)  Working. Exhibit A on visual. Composition of blade, boridium.  Composition of handle, murinite. Details of carving on handle  conform to folk art forms, indicating place of origin.  Artefact produced by hill people of Argus River region,  planet Rigel Four. 
(in a low, breathy voice) Recording.  Computed and recorded, dear.  Computed, dear.  Recommendation for his disposition, dear?    (petulant) Computed.  Record ship arrival, dear. 
Working.  Unable to comply. Comparison co-ordinates too complex for  immediate readout. Will advise upon completion.  [Crawlway] Comparison analysis complete.  Transporter factor M7 reassembled outphase point zero zero  zero nine.  Affirmative, if M7 factor maintained. 
Incorrect.  Incorrect.  Incorrect.  Full data coming on screen.    Offense record. Smuggling. Sentence suspended. Transport of  stolen goods. Purchase of space vessel with counterfeit currency.  Sentences, psychiatric treatment, effectiveness disputed.  Incorrect. Master's license revoked Stardate 1116.4.  No data.  No decipherable reading on females. However, unusual reading  on male board members. Detecting high respiration patterns,  perspiration rate up, heartbeat rapid, blood pressure higher than  normal.  Incorrect. 
Recording inquiry. Matter. Captain Kirk,  James T. Subject. Circumstances of death, Lieutenant Commander Finney,  Benjamin.  Ship nomenclature. Specify.  Noted.  Charge, culpable negligence. Specification in that on  Stardate 2945.7, by such negligence, Captain Kirk, James T., did cause  loss of life, to wit, the life of Records Officer Lieutenant Commander  Finney, Benjamin. To all recorded charges and specifications, what is  the plea?  Spock, serial number S179-276SP. Service rank, Lieutenant  Commander. Position, First officer, science officer. Current  assignment, USS Enterprise. Commendations, Vulcanian Scientific Legion  of Honour.  Awards of valour. Twice decorated by Starfleet command.  Service rank, Ensign. Position, personnel officer. Current  assignment, USS Enterprise.  Service rank, Lieutenant Commander. Position, Ship's Surgeon.  Current assignment, USS Enterprise. Commendations, Legion of Honour.  Awards of valour. Decorated by Starfleet surgeons.  James T. Kirk, serial number SC937-0176CEC. Service rank,  Captain. Position, Starship command. Current assignment, USS  Enterprise. Commendations, Palm Leaf Of Axanar Peace Mission, Grankite  Order of Tactics, Class of Excellence, Prantares Ribbon of  Commendation, Classes first and second  Awards of valour, Medal of Honour, Silver Palm with Cluster,  Starfleet citation for Conspicuous Gallantry, Karagite Order of Heroism    Bishop, half level right.  Bishop, half level right. 
(a male voice) Ready.  Recorded.  Affirmative.  Affirmative.  Affirmative.  Ready.  Captain James T. Kirk succeeded to command ISS Enterprise  through assassination of Captain Christopher Pike. First action,  suppression of Gorlan uprising through destruction of rebel home  planet. Second action, execution of five thousand colonists on Vega  Nine.  ready.  A security research is in progress.  The Captain and Mister Scott.  Programme is classified under voice index log.  (A big red light starts flashing.) 
Affirmative.  Data insufficient.  Data insufficient.  Immediate purpose, seizure and control of Federation Star  ship Enterprise and crew. Data insufficient for determination of end  purpose.  Data insufficient.  Negative.  If incapable of resistance, negotiate for terms. 
Working. Subject's physical age based on physiological  profile, between sixty and seventy two. Aging rapidly. 
