The heroic Captain and the intrepid doctor cross interstellar  space to preserve our health. Your sense of duty is overwhelming. Now  will you please go back where you came from and tell whoever issues  your orders to leave me and my wife alone. We need salt against the  heat. Aside from that, we're doing very well, thank you.  Doubtless the good surgeon will enjoy prodding and poking us  with his arcane machinery. Go away, we don't want you.  To show your gold braid to everyone. You love it, don't you.  Did I hear you call him Doctor McCoy?  McCoy. I've heard Nancy speak of a Doctor McCoy.  You've seen Nancy?  You've seen her too? You were with the good Doctor?  Nothing. It's just that it gives me pleasure to know that she's  gotten to see an old friend and has a chance for some company. It's  different for me, I enjoy solitude. But for a woman. You understand, of  course.  Sorry. I'm sorry, Captain, sit down. I seem to have forgotten  my manners.  You've seen my wife with the eyes of your past attachment,  Doctor. I'm sure when Nancy lets, when you see her again she'll be a  believable age.  Genuine affection. I'm glad you still feel it for her. Leonard,  isn't it? She's a fine woman.  Why, I thought the machine  What do you suppose happened, Captain? You beam down a crewman  who doesn't know better than to eat an untested plant.  We don't need an examination, you can see that. Perhaps you'd  better take your man and  I'll take care of the provisioning, Nancy. [Bridge]   One might think that you had more important duties than  harassing people, Captain.  Captain, you can't just beam down here and bully us, and  interfere with our work.  Possibly at the other diggings. We don't keep military logs  Captain, considering the inescapable fact that you are a  trespasser on my planet  We've been here for almost five years. If there were anything  hostile here we would know about it, wouldn't we?  And your esteemed physician cannot explain our need for salt  tablets?  (opening storage box) Nancy and I started with twenty five  pounds. This is what we have left. (a few tablets at the bottom of a  jar) Now what is so mysterious about that?  But you can't do that.  Nancy! You! Salt! I've got salt! Smell it! Smell it, Nancy!  (Nancy is kneeling by Green's body. She stands at the call)  Go away! We don't want you here.  I'm armed. Go away.  She's no concern of yours.  We don't want you here! We're happy alone! I'll kill to stay  alone. You hear that, Kirk? Or you'll have to kill me. II don't care  either way.  She was the last of her kind.  The last of its kind. Earth history, remember? Like the  passenger pigeon or buffalo. Ooh! I feel strange.  Once there were millions of them prairies black with them. One  herd covered three whole states, and when they moved they were like  thunder.  Like the creatures here. Once there were millions of them. Now  there's one left. Nancy understood.  Dead. Buried up on the hill. It killed her.  Oh, a year, or was it two?  The creature was trying to survive. It has that right, doesn't  it?  They needed salt to stay alive. There was no more salt. It's  the last one. The buffalo. There is no difference.  (eyeing McCoy carefully) The creature is not dangerous when  fed.  The way the chameleon uses its protective colouring, an ability  retained no doubt from its primitive state, the way we have retained  our incisor teeth. They were once fangs. Certain of our muscles were  designed for chase. It uses its ability the way we would use our  muscles and teeth if necessary, to stay alive.  I demanded, I even begged that you get off my planet.  I loved Nancy very much. Few women like my Nancy. She lives in  my dreams. She walks and sings in them.  Not because of tricks. It doesn't trick me. It needs love as  much as it needs salt. When it killed Nancy, I almost destroyed it but,  it isn't just a beast. It is intelligent and the last of its kind.  You don't understand.  Yes.  Sorry, I can't. 
