Over there. Against the wall, all of you.  Quiet. Hands in the air, Zeon swine. So you're the three who  escaped from the  Chancellery detention centre. What was your plan? Speak. It's the last  chance you'll get.  Urgent? I'll bet it is.  Do you know what we do to responsible Zeons?  (She shoots Abrom, and Kirk grabs for her gun, but is pushed off by the  guard.)  Now we finish the job.  (She puts her pistol to Kirk's head.)  I'm an Ekosian fighting the terrible thing that's happened to my  people. The decoration was for betraying my own father to the Party. It  was my father's idea. You see, he used to be very close to the Fuhrer.  Then he saw the changes and where they were leading. He turned against  the Party. They imprisoned him. Melakon sentenced him to death.  My father denounced me, making it appear like I'd betrayed him.  He gave me a weapon to continue the fight with.  You mean that the Fuhrer is an alien?  I grew up to admire him, later to hate and despise everything he  stands for. But I always thought he was one of us. Now to hear that  he's an alien sent here to destroy us  He makes a speech tonight from the Chancellery. All the top  Party officials will be there.  Of course. As a symbol of the proper attitude toward the  Fatherland.  Only the top, most trusted, officials will be allowed in. The  country will watch on the viewscreens.  It would be suicide.  You, a Zeon? You expect to get into the Chancellery?  (marching into the building.) The Fuhrer's special documentary  corps. Smile, Corporal.  He doesn't. They watch him on the big screen. There, at the end  of the room. He broadcasts from the booth for security.  There, at the end of the corridor. You're not going to try to  get into the broadcast booth.  We're documenting the men responsible for  (Through a small window in the door, Spock sees Gill being wheeled into  place. He is motionless.)  Send for?  Isak just heard two security men. They picked up your broadcast,  pin-pointed it within this building. They're starting to search.  It's true. I only half-believed what you said.  Chairman Eneg.  The Fuhrer's speech.  If they find us here, we'll all be killed. [Main room] It's begun. It's finally begun.  There's one chance left. If you'd use the weapons you have, you  could destroy the fleet.  Yes, but against those thousands are millions of innocent Zeon  lives. You've got to choose the lesser of two evils.  A rare prize. The Deputy Fuhrer can see this is no ordinary  Zeon.  The Deputy Fuhrer's an authority on the  genetics of racial purity. How would you classify this one?  Eneg and I will go on the air, offer a new way for our people.  For all our people, both Zeons and Ekosians. 
