(an imposing black man) Yes? Ah, you'd be Captain Kirk.  Thank you. Thank you very much. Captain, I've finished my  tests on the M-5, and it must be hooked into your main power plants in  order to be operative.  Your engineer there wouldn't allow us the power necessary  without your orders.  Now, who is this?  Well, I'm sorry, but this is a security area.  No, no, no. Thank you. I can manage. There's nothing wrong,  Captain. Just a few minor settling-in adjustments to make. As you can  see, all is in order now.  Well, you see, the multitronic units one through four were  not entirely successful. This one is. M-5 is ready to take control of  the ship.  That is what it was designed for, Captain.  There are other things a man like you might do. Or perhaps  you object to the possible loss of prestige and ceremony accorded a  starship captain. A computer can do your job and without all that.  That is what we're here for, isn't it, Captain?  (Kirk's eyes narrow, and he leaves, followed by McCoy.)  [Corridor] Yes, but you see, the idea is they didn't have to do it. And  you'll find it won't be necessary for you to regain control of the unit  after it's completed each manoeuvre.  Captain, your orders at this point are not open to  interpretation. You must commit the M-5 to handle its approach,  the orbit, and then to analyse data regarding landing party  recommendations.  Well, if you feel you need the exercise, go on, Captain.  Play M-5's recommendations, won't you, Mister Spock?  Judgment, Captain?  Aren't you really more interested in why M-5 did not select  you and Doctor McCoy? Well, let's find out anyway. M-5 tie-in.  Explanation for landing party recommendation.  Why were the Captain and the Chief Medical Officer not  included in recommendation?  As I suspected, it is not a malfunction. M-5 was merely  shutting down power to areas of the ship that do not require it.  Decks four and six are living quarters, are they not?  And currently unoccupied.  Quite right. As the unit is called upon to do more work, it  pulls more power to enable it to do what is required of it, just as the  human body draws more energy to run than to stand still.  Can't you understand? The multitronic unit is a revolution in  computer science. I designed the duotronic elements used in your ship  right now, and I know they are as archaic as dinosaurs compared to the  M-5. A whole new approach.  Rather impressive display for a machine, wouldn't you say,  Captain?  (enters) Captain, what is it?  There appears to be some defect in the control panel.  Fortunately it was only a robot ship.  It's not my doing, Kirk.  This exercise is a trial for M-5. A shakedown. We must expect  minor difficulties, but I assure you they can be corrected.  I can't.  Give me a few moments with it.  It wasn't a deliberate act. M-5's analysis told it it needed  a new power source. The ensign simply got in the way.  You don't shut a child off when it makes a mistake. M-5 is  growing, learning.  To defend itself. It's quite a different thing. When a child  is taught, it's programmed with simple instructions, and at some point,  if its mind develops properly, it exceeds the sum of what it was  taught, thinks independently.  You can't understand. You're frightened because you can't  understand it. I'm going to show you. I'm going to show all of you. It  takes four hundred thirty people to man a starship. With this, you  don't need anyone. One machine can do all those things they send men  out to do now. Men no longer need die in space or on some alien world.  Men can live and go on to achieve greater things than fact-finding and  dying for galactic space, which is neither ours to give or to take.  They can't understand. We don't want to destroy life, we want to save  it.  [Kirk's quarters] What is it, Captain?  No! No, no, no. You can't take control from the M-5.  (He tries to get into the Jefferies tube, and Kirk struggles to  restrain him.)  You can't do it. Now let me work with it for a while, please.  Please.  Please, please!  Yes, quite right, Mister Spock. You see, one of the arguments  against computers controlling ships was that they couldn't think like  men.  Exactly. I've developed a method of impressing human engrams  upon the computer circuits. The relays are not unlike the synapse of  the brain. M-5 thinks, Captain.  Of course. It was programmed to understand, Captain. The ore  ship was a miscalculation, an accident. I don't know  There isn't. It's fully protected itself.  It misunderstood.  I really don't know how to get to the M-5. I really do not  know.  Why, mine, of course.  They can't do that. They'll destroy the M-5.  I can make it stop. I created it. (goes to Spock's station)  M-5 tie-in.  This is, (calmer) this is Daystrom.  M-5, do you know me?  Stop. M-5, your attack on the starships is wrong. You must  break it off.  But these are not enemy vessels. These are Federation  starships. You're killing, We are killing, murdering human beings,  beings of our own kind. You were not created for that purpose. You are  my greatest creation. The unit to save men. You must not destroy men.  Survive, yes. Protect yourself, but not murder. You must not  die. Men must not die. To kill is a breaking of civil and moral laws  we've lived by for thousands of years. You've murdered hundreds of  people. We've murdered. How can we repay that?  We will survive. Nothing can hurt you. I gave you that. You  are great. I am great. Twenty years of groping to prove the things I'd  done before were not accidents. Seminars and lectures to rows of fools  who couldn't begin to understand my systems. Colleagues. Colleagues  laughing behind my back at the boy wonder and becoming famous building  on my work. Building on my work.  Destroyed, Kirk? No. We're invincible. Look what we've done.  Your mighty starships, Four toys to be crushed as we choose.  (Spock neck-pinches Daystrom.) 
