Kirk. It's Jim Kirk.  A ship. Attacked. That, that thing.  That  We tried to contact Starfleet. No one heard. No one! We  couldn't run.  Oh, I had to beam them down. We were dead. No power, our  phasers useless. I stayed behind, the last man. The Captain, the last  man aboard the ship. That's what you're supposed to do, isn't it? And  then it hit again and the transporter went out. They were down there,  and I'm up here.  They say there's no devil, Jim, but there is. Right out of  hell, I saw it.  On the third planet.  Don't you think I know that? There was, but not anymore. They  called me. They begged me for help, four hundred of them. I couldn't.  I couldn't. (breaks down in tears)  If you'd seen it, you'd know. The whole thing's a weapon. It  must be.  Well, it's miles long, with a maw that could swallow a dozen  starships. It destroys planets, chops them into rubble.  Both or neither. I don't know.  We saw this thing hovering over the planet, slicing out chunks  of it with a force beam.  Pure antiproton. Absolutely pure.  Oh, forget about your theories! That thing is on the way to the  heart of our galaxy. What are you going to do about it?  Oh, no, I stay here. I'm not leaving my ship!  It's just that I, I, I never lost a command before.  Status report.  You can't let that reach Rigel. Why, millions of innocent  people would die.  Our primary duty is to maintain life and safety of Federation  planets. Do you deny that?  Belay that last order, helmsman. One hundred and eighty degree  turn, hard about. We're going to attack.  (The whole Bridge holds its breath.)  Mister Spock, I'm officially notifying you that I'm exercising  my option under regulations as a Starfleet Commodore, and that I am  assuming command of the Enterprise.  That thing must be destroyed.  I made a mistake then. We were too far away. This time I'm  going to hit it with full phasers at point-blank range.  Mister Spock, that will be all. You have been relieved of  command. Don't force me to relieve you of duty as well.  Doctor, you are out of line.  You may leave the Bridge, Doctor.  Doctor, you may leave the Bridge.  Mister Spock knows his duty under regulations, Doctor. Do you?  (McCoy leaves) Hard about, helmsman. Course thirty two degrees, mark  ten. Deflectors at full power. Ready on main phaser banks.  Helmsman, hold your course. Stand by all phaser banks.  I'm in command here, Mister Spock. Maintain your course,  helmsman. Get us in closer. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Fire!  (Two phaser beams strafe the machine's body.)  Recommendation noted. Maintain course. Fire! [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Maintain phaser fire, helmsman.  But don't you understand? We've got to destroy it!  Veer off.  Full power astern.  Good boy, Jim. Between the two of us, we'll kill that thing. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Kirk pulled us out of there by distracting it. Now it's our  turn. Fire phasers. (they do) We did it! Hard about. Give me some  distance.  Mister Spock, status report.  Maintain speed and distance.  Then we'll have to fight it now before it gets any stronger.  Mister Spock, I am still in command. I will speak for this  ship. Enterprise to Kirk. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] I'm in command here, Jim.  Nothing. I assumed command according to regulations [Constellation Auxiliary Control] You are speaking to a senior officer, Kirk.    I told you, I am in command here, according to every rule in  the book, Captain. Anything you have to say at all, you will say to me.  [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Down here. (the arm of the Captain's chair)  I told you, I am in command here and I will  give the orders, Captain. We're going to turn and attack.  You can't relieve me and you know it.  According to regulations [Constellation Auxiliary Control] I don't recognise your authority to relieve me.  You wouldn't dare. (Spock signals the guards forward) You're  bluffing.  No. No, I don't suppose that they do. Very well, Mister Spock.  The Bridge is yours.  Shuttlecraft to Enterprise. Decker here. [Bridge] You said it yourself, Spock. There is no  way to blast through the hull of that machine, so I'm going to take  this thing right down its throat. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] I've been prepared for death ever since I,  ever since I killed my crew. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] The commander is responsible for the lives  of his crew, and for their deaths. Well, I should have died with mine. [Bridge]
