Psychiatry, Captain. My assignment is to study crew reaction in  emergency conditions.  lf there was an emergency, I'd be interested in how that crew  reacted, too.  I heard that's more your specialty, Commander, line included.  In tests I've taken, my ESP rated rather high.  It is a fact that some people can sense future happenings, read  the backs of playing cards and so on, but the esper capacity is always  quite limited.  Something hit me, like an electrical charge.  Autopsy report, sir. Each case showed  damage to the body's neural circuit. An area of the brain was burned  out.  Yes. Mitchell, too, except for his eyes. We're trying to find a  reason for that now, and why, out of our whole crew, only certain  people were affected.  lf you're suggesting there's anything dangerous  Espers are simply people with flashes of insight.  There's nothing about it that could possibly make a person  dangerous.  Perhaps you know of another kind?  I know you don't particularly like me, Mister Mitchell, but  since I am assigned here, can we make the best of it?  Nor against the walking freezer unit?  Women professionals do tend to overcompensate. Now let's talk  about you. How do you feel?  How did you do that?  Stop it. Stop it! You were dead for almost twenty two seconds.  There were no readings at all.  Do you remember everything you read that quickly?  On any tape?  Try this one.  Page three eighty seven.  Why?  What?  I just fell. Nothing happened.  MITCHELL No? Are you sure? Are you sure?  How do you know?  Sorry I'm late. I became so interested in observing Gary,  Mister Mitchell.  I know those from your planet aren't suppose to have feelings  like we do, Mister Spock, but to talk that way about a man you've  worked next to for years is worse than  I don't think so. I understand you least of all. Gary told me  that you've been friends since he joined the service, that you asked  for him aboard your first command.  He can control certain autonomic reflexes. He reads very fast,  retains more than most of us might consider usual.  I saw some such indications.  No one's been hurt, have they? Don't you understand? A mutated  superior man could also be a wonderful thing. The forerunner of a new  and better kind of human being.  Stop it, Gary!  Use?  There's not a soul on this planet but us?  I'd like to stay now, try to talk to him.  You don't mean that, Gary.  He's been like that for hours now.  I'm staying behind with him.  [Delta Vega Control room] He is not evil.  It would take almost a miracle to survive  here.  What's wrong?  I can see him in my mind, too.  Yes, it just took a little longer for it to  happen to me.  What he's doing is right for him and me.  No, I  Earth is really unimportant. Before long, we'll be where it  would have taken mankind millions of years of learning to reach.  Please go back while you still can.  What do you know about gods?  Go back.  He's coming.  Stop it, Gary.  Hurry. You haven't much time.  (The two men punch and wrestle  until Kirk raises a rock over his head)  I'm sorry. You can't know what it's like to be almost a god.    (She dies) 
