All clear ahead, Captain. The sensors indicate zero register.  No, sir. Forward sweeps are negative. Wait. Verified, sir. We  must be in some sort of light warp or we'd have picked it up earlier.  Iron-silica body, planet sized, magnitude one E. We'll be  passing close.  Mister Spock, they're gone!  No sign of human life on the surface, sir. Unless the  instruments aren't functioning.  With due respect, sir. Request permission to transport to the  surface immediately and carry out a search.  Some kind of a joke, sir?  DeSalle to Enterprise. DeSalle to Enterprise. It doesn't  function. We're cut off.  (to Jaeger) Keep trying with yours. Something's blocking the  beacon. I've got to find open ground.  (He wanders off through the shrubs)  Mister Jaeger! McCoy!  (They join him to see a stone building in the gothic style, with an  iron-bound oak door. They approach cautiously, and enter) [Drawing Room] (The place is stuffed full of things. A bust of  Napoleon on a stand, a suit of armour, a globe, tapestry and swords and  shields on the walls, an open fire, a harpsichord and a large mirror)  Look.  (Sulu and Kirk are displayed in a mini-minstrel's gallery. McCoy scans  them.)  We've lost contact with the ship, Captain. We're trapped here.    My ancestry is French, yes.  (getting up) You  Captain, subspace interference is clearing.  Large body ahead.  (The planet swims back onto the viewscreen)  There it is again. Dead ahead.  Approach channels clear, Captain. 
Report, Mister.  Relay, Lieutenant.  Check for malfunctions.  Nobody just disappears. They may have encountered a magnetic  field or some other obstruction. Mister Chekov, recalibrate your  sensors.  If you need help  Lieutenant Uhura, continue in your efforts to break through  that static interference.  We know they're down there. I want them found. [Castle] (The main door slams shut behind them.)  The temperature, sir. It keeps rising.  Reading, Mister.  We've already done it, Captain. It had no effect. We're  cooking up here.  Lieutenant, try to raise the captain again.  Wave length analysis, Mister Chekov?  All right, but it's there and it's real. If it's real, it can  be affected. Engineering, stand by to divert all power systems to the  outer hull. Prepare impulse engines for generation of maximum heat  directed as ordered. Maybe we can't break it, but I'll bet you credits  to navy beans we can put a dent in it. [Dungeon] (Kirk and Spock are shackled to the wall again.)  It's there, Lieutenant.  Keep it up, Mister Chekov. Channel the entire output of  reactors one, two, and three into the relay stations. Whatever it is,  it's starting to weaken. [Dungeon] (Korob rushes in and releases the prisoners.) 
I want you to take a close look at these, Doc. They're very  interesting. [Pasture] What do you think you're doing?  More like you're clumsy. 
