The sentinel told me of our honoured guests, my father. I came  to extend greetings.  Indeed, yes, Captain.  I have never before met a Vulcan, sir.  How dreadful!. They're despoiling the whole city.  I'm sorry they were so poorly treated on their first visit to  our planet.  Oh, yes, that would have been dreadful.  The Disrupters must be mad to attack two such charming  strangers.  Do you think that Captain Kirk and his very attractive officer  will feel that we're responsible for their injuries?  Mister Spock, I thought you had accompanied Captain Kirk to  the rest chamber.  My apologies. I did not realise they would disturb you.  It seems that Vulcans are fascinatingly different in many  ways.  Vulcan eyes are very discerning too. I hear that,  intellectually, Vulcans are as highly evolved as Stratos city dwellers.    You only take a mate once every seven years?  And is there nothing that can disturb that cycle, Mister  Spock?  Vanna!  Why have you come here?  Has she injured you, Captain?  Oh?  (into intercom) Send a sentinel to the rest chamber  immediately.  You talk like a Disrupter, Vanna.  But Stratos is for advisors and studiers. What would Troglytes  do here?  The caverns are warm and your eyes are not accustomed to  light, just as your minds are not accustomed to logic.  (A sentinel takes Vanna away)  The Troglytes are workers, Captain. Oh surely, you must be  aware of that. They mine zenite for shipment, till the soil. Those  things cannot be done here.  That is their function in our society.  How can they share what they do not understand?  The complete separation of toil and leisure has given Ardana  this perfectly balanced social system, Captain. Why should we change  it?  The surface is marred by violence, like the Troglytes. But  here in Stratos, we have completely eliminated violence. [Council gallery] (Vanna is shackled to a granite-looking device)  But what else can they understand, Mister Spock?  No, Father.  No, really. I'm not upset. I was just standing here looking  into space and wondering whether or not he would return.  But the zenite is so important to him. He must have it.  By that time, it may be too late. Perhaps he does have a  method  No, I wasn't thinking of Captain Kirk.  It's the one with those exquisitely shaped ears. His name is Spock.  He's the one I was thinking about. Did you know that he has the most  incredibly sensitive hearing? Why, I almost believe that if I stood  here and called out to him, he would hear my invitation to come and  visit with us for a little while longer.  Shall we try?  (a sentinel enters)  They are desperate.  I'm sure Mister Spock would not behave so.  Father, are we so sure of our methods that we never question  what we do?  [Bridge] I don't like filters, or even masks. I  like the word protector much better, don't you?  Stratos is so pleasant and so beautiful. I think I'm afraid to  leave it.  I shall go to the mines. I no longer wish to be limited to the  clouds. Is your planet like this one?  Someday I should like to visit it. 
