Who's there?  (Spock puts on a woolen hat that was conveniently amongst the clothes  Kirk stole. A young woman wearing an apron comes down the stairs.)  A lie is a poor way to say hello. It isn't that cold.  Why?  Well, I could do with some help around here. Doing dishes,  sweeping, general cleaning.  Fifteen cents an hour for ten hours a day. What are your names?  I'm Edith Keeler. You can start by cleaning up down here.  You're in the 21st Street Mission.  Indeed I do, Mister Kirk.  (She leaves them.)  Good evening.  (She steps up onto a small stage with a piano.)  Now, as I'm sure somebody out there has said, it's time to pay  for the soup.  Now, let's start by getting one thing straight. I'm not a  do-gooder. If you're a bum, if you can't break off of the booze or  whatever it is that makes you a bad risk, then get out. Now I don't  pretend to tell you how to find happiness and love when every day is  just a struggle to survive, but I do insist that you do survive because  the days and the years ahead are worth living for. One day soon man is  going to be able to harness incredible energies, maybe even the atom.  Energies that could ultimately hurl us to other worlds in some sort of  spaceship. And the men that reach out into space will be able to find  ways to feed the hungry millions of the world and to cure their  diseases. They will be able to find a way to give each man hope and a  common future, and those are the days worth living for. Our deserts  will bloom. (She continues under the dialogue.)  Prepare for tomorrow. Get ready. Don't give up.  (Later, when the bowls are being handed in, Edith calls after Kirk.)  Mister Kirk. You are uncommon workmen. That basement looks like  it's been scrubbed and polished.  Yes. Seven o'clock in the morning. Do you have a flop for the  night?  You really are new at this, aren't you? A flop is a place to  sleep.  There's a vacant room at the place where I live for two dollars  a week. If you want to I'll take you there.  Good.  (She goes to get her coat.)  If you can leave immediately, I can get you five hours work at  twenty two cents an hour. What? What on Earth is that?  That toolbox was locked with a combination lock and you opened  it like a real pro. Why did you do it?  I'm sorry, I can't  On one condition. Walk me home? I still have a few questions I'd  like to ask about you two. Oh, and don't give me that questions about  little old us? look. You know as well as I do how out of place you two  are around here.  You? At his side, as if you've always been there and always  will. And you? You belong in another place. I don't know where or how.  I'll figure it out eventually.  Captain. Even when he doesn't say it, he does. [Street] (They are strolling along, hand in hand, as  'Goodnight, Sweetheart' carries in the air from a radio repair shop.)  Why does Spock call you Captain? Were you in the war together?  And you don't want to talk about it? Why? Did you do something  wrong? Are you afraid of something? Whatever it is, let me help.  Centuries from now? Who is he? Where does he come from er, where will he  come from?  Yes.  Why? What is so funny about man reaching for the moon?  I just know, that's all. I feel it. And more, I think that one  day they'll take all the money they spend now on war and death  Yes. You see the same things that I do. We speak the same  language.  You look terrible! You'd better sit down. Come on.  There's a cot in the back room. They won't find you there. Come  on.  (She helps him out just as Spock comes in and starts serving the  drinks.  [Room] Hey, now, come on. You're not ready to take on any tigers just  yet. Lie down.  Why not?  Would you care to try for 30?  I have a friend that talks about Earth the same way that you do.  Would you like to meet him?  I don't mean to disbelieve you, but that's hardly a Navy  uniform.  Get some rest. [Boarding house] (Edith has just gone up a flight of stairs.)  Are you following me, sir?  I hope it means (she stumbles on the step and Kirk catches her,  while Spock watches.) Oh! How stupid! I've been up and down those  stairs a thousand times. I could have broken my neck.  (Spock goes back into room 21 as she kisses Jim, and re-emerges when  Kirk comes down the stairs again.)  Well, you look just fine, Doctor.  I thought you might like to see the evening paper.  That's reassuring.  A friend. When you showed up here, you looked like you could use  one.  I try to.  It's necessary.  Lots of people drink from the wrong bottle sometimes.  We can talk about that later. I have to go. My young man is  taking me to a Clark Gable movie.  A Clark Gable. Don't you know?  That's very strange. You get some rest. I'll see you later. [Street] (Edith, Kirk and Spock leave the Mission together,  then Spock heads off alone. Kirk and Edith dodge traffic to cross the  street.)  If we hurry, maybe we can catch the Clark Gable movie at the  Orpheum.  You know, Doctor McCoy said the same thing.  Yes. He's in the Mission. He's 
