You rule this ship?  Your mission is known to us. Captain Kirk, you have now  permission to show us to our quarters.  You have not been dismissed.  You are now dismissed.  Swine! Take back your gifts!  Your ruler cannot buy the favours of the Dohlman of Elas.  I want nothing of his!  I would strangle if I was to put the gift of a Troyian dog  around my neck. Kryton, by whose permission did he enter?  Quarters! (throws something that breaks)  Am I a soft Troyian fawn to need pillows to sit on? And these  ridiculous female trappings. They are an offense to my eyes.  I do not find them so, and I find him even less satisfactory.  Must my bitterness be compounded with that ridiculous ambassador aboard  your ship?  Kryton! Remove him! And take that garbage with you?  (Petri picks up the wedding dress and necklace box, and leaves with  Kryton.)  He dares to suggest that I adopt the servile manners of his  people!  I will never forgive the council for putting me through this  torture. Were you responding to my demand for better quarters?  You suggest?  I will not be humiliated!  I did not give you permission to leave!  We are interested in how the ship is used in combat, not in what  drives it. Engines are for mechanics and menials.  Do we not have the freedom of this ship? We have granted your  crew the permission not to kneel in our presence. What else do you  want?  Courtesy is not for inferiors.  Kryton, remove that Troyian pig.  (Petri is lying on the floor, with a dagger in his back.)  [Sickbay] So, Ambassador Petri is going to recover? That is too bad. You  have delivered your message. Now you may go.  Your Troyian pig was here in my quarters without any permission,  so I stabbed him. Just to be Troyian is enough.  I despise Troyians. Any contact with them makes me feel soiled.  It's not in my experience.  Problem?  I have eliminated that problem.  Oh. And how do we solve the problem?  Tell me, what can you teach me?  Leave me!  You will return me to Elas immediately.  Everything I order is possible.  I will not go to Troyius, I will not be mated to a Troyian, and  I will not be humiliated, and I will not be given to a green pig as a  bribe to stop a war!  Nobody speaks to me that way.  You dare touch a member of the royal family.  The penalty is death for what you are doing.  You are warned, Captain, never to touch me again.  You have my leave to go.  You can teach me nothing, Captain. If I have to stay here for  ten light years, I will not be soiled by any contact with you.  Captain, there is one thing you can teach me.  I don't know how to make people like me. I don't want everybody  to hate me.  Captain?  Captain.  (They kiss.)  Captain, that ancient Earth custom called spanking, what is it?  Kryton was of a noble family. He loved me  and wanted to marry me. He was furious when he heard of the  announcement of the wedding plans.  Probably. But why speak of unimportant matters when we can speak  about us?  We should welcome their help.  Could you do that? Could you give me to another man?  It was no accident. I chose you, and you chose me. I have a  plan. With this ship, you could completely obliterate Troyius. Then  there will be no need for the marriage. And in gratitude, my people  will give you the complete rule of this system.  He's a Troyian.  (They kiss, and the doorbell buzzes.)  You cannot resist my love, my love.  I want to be by your side.  I love you. I have chosen you, and still I don't understand why  you didn't fight the Klingon.  And that mission is to take me to Troyius.  Would you have me wearing my wedding dress for another man and  never see you again?  Are you happy at the prospect?  Yes, my love.  [Medical lab] Doctor? The Captain asked me to come here for safety.  That's all you men of other worlds can speak of, duty and  responsibility. [Bridge] I want to die with you.  They call them radans. The necklace is supposed to bring you  luck. It is of little value. They are common stones.  If I can be of any help, of course.  But I don't understand you. You mean you won't pursue and finish  him off?  You will not beam down for the ceremony?  I want you to have this as a personal memento. I have learned  that on Troyius, they do not wear such things. Remember me.  (She hands over her dagger.)  Nor have I. I have only responsibilities and obligations.  Goodbye. 
