Miramanee has said that you appeared to her  and to her handmaiden from the walls of the temple, just as our legend  foretells. We do not doubt the words of our priestess, but these are  troubled times, and we must be sure.  It is against custom to interrupt a tribal elder at council,  even for the medicine chief.  Our skies have darkened three times since the harvest. The last  time worst of all. Our legend predicts such danger and promises that  the Wise Ones who planted us here will send a god to save us, one who  can rouse the temple spirit and make the sky grow quiet. Can you do  this?  Wait.  (Kirk massages the boy's legs and he coughs, waking up.)  My people are grateful.  Only a god can breathe life into the dead. Do you still  question? Give him the medicine badge.  Miramanee takes the headband with the metal disc from Salish's head and  puts it on Kirk. They all salute him. [Bridge] (The Enterprise has arrived at the asteroid.)  Our people rejoice and wish to honour your name, but I did not  know what you wish to be called. What may I tell them?  Kirok?  (The women leave.)  Have we displeased you?  Then it must be ourselves, the way we live. Perhaps we have not  improved as quickly as the Wise Ones wish.  But there is something. Tell us. We will change it.  You will wait until I walk the holy path to the earth lodge  first, to give me time to tell the priestess that you follow and that  the Joining will take place.  (He leaves Kirk to rejoice in his new life.)  (bursting in) Kirok! Kirok!  When the ground trembles the caves are not safe, Kirok. If you  do not rouse the temple spirit, we will all die. 
He spoke the holy word.  (Kirk is brought forward to the table.)  Why are you here? Were you cast out?  One of them lies.  (reaching for a document) There is a way.  It is written.  (The room is cleared. Tracey and Kirk have their left hands tied  together. Cloud William stabs a knife into the carpet at the other end  of the room.)  No! No! Only the eyes of a chief may see the Ee'd Plebnista. 
