Hardly that, sir. Welcome to Omicron Ceti Three. I'm Elias  Sandoval.  Captain's log, stardate 3417.3. We thought our  mission to Omicron Ceti Three would be an unhappy one. We had expected  to find no survivors of the agricultural colony there. Apparently, our  information was incorrect.  [Farm yard] We haven't seen anyone outside our group for  four years since we left Earth. We've been expecting someone for some  time. Our subspace radio didn't work properly, and I'm afraid we didn't  have anyone who could master its intricacies.  It makes little difference, Captain. You're here. We're happy to  see you. Come, let me show you our settlement.  There are two other settlements, but we have forty five  colonists here.  We felt three groups would have better potential. If disease  were to strike one group, the others would be less likely to be  affected. You see, Omicron is an ideal agricultural planet. We  determined not to suffer the fate of expeditions that went before us.  Leila, come meet our guests. This is Leila Kalomi, our botanist.  This is Captain Kirk, Doctor McCoy, Mister Spock.  By all means, make them. I think you'll find our settlement an  interesting one. Our philosophy is a simple one, that men should return  to a less complicated life. We have few mechanical things here. No  vehicles, no weapons. We have harmony here. Complete peace.  Make yourselves at home, gentlemen. [Outside, by the barn] You've known the Vulcanian?  Did you love him?  How did he feel?  Would you like him to stay with us now, to be as one of us?  Captain, I've been looking for you. You haven't seen our fields  and crops. I'd like to show you and the Doctor what we've accomplished  here.  You'll find no weaklings here. Captain. [Field] This is the reason, Captain. This soil will  grow anything we plant in it. It's a perfect world.  We have a moderate climate, moderate rains all year round. It gives us  all we need. It is perfect.  I have work to attend to myself, Captain.  (He leaves them.)  No.  Captain, it's entirely unnecessary. We're in no danger here.  Doctor, how can I make you understand? Your own instruments have  shown that we're all in perfect health. We've had no deaths here.  We're vegetarians.  Captain, you stress very unimportant matters. We will not leave.  [Pasture] (The grass is brown and dry, but the pink flowers  are growing.)  Captain, your arguments are very valid, but they do not apply to  us.  Well, nevertheless. Excuse me.  I'm very pleased. The entire landing operation is proceeding  quite well.  (Kirk enters)  Captain, why don't you join us?  The spores have made it that.  In return, they give you complete health and peace of mind.  We have no need or want, Captain.  We have what we need.  Well, Doctor, I've been thinking about what sort of work I could  assign you to.  Not any more, of course. We don't need you. Not as a doctor.  I am the leader of this colony. I'll assign you whatever work I  think suitable.  We've done nothing here. No accomplishments, no progress. Three  years wasted. We wanted to make this planet a garden.  I think I'd, I think we'd like to get some work done. The work  we started out to do.  Oh, Captain, as I understood it, you were to  transport us to Starbase Twenty Seven. We'll give you every  co-operation. [Bridge]
