I apologise for what he said, sir. He's used to buying and selling  people.  Hello.  Get where? We don't have a ship and we're headed the wrong way,  Harry.  It's the same story for all of us, Captain. No men. Mine was a  farm planet with automated machines for company and two brothers to  cook for, mend their clothes, canal mud a foot thick on their boots  every time they walked in.  It's not fine! We've got men willing to be our husbands waiting  for us, and you're taking us in the opposite direction!  Staring at us Iike we were Saturnius harem girls or something.  And what about us? What happens to us? Help us, please. All of us.    Captain? I hope you don't mind.  I was trying to take a walk, and I just, I just had to run in  someplace. You see, all your men were looking at me, following me with  their eyes.  They're probably just lonely. I can understand loneliness.  I, I suppose you understand it even more, having to run a huge  ship like this with so much responsibility every minute  and having to be so careful with all your men looking up to you.  Hmm! I read once that a commander has to act like a paragon of  virtue. I never met a paragon.  Well, of course not. No one is. But some people try to pretend. Do  you, Captain?  Oh, no! Oh, I just can't do it. I don't care what Harry Mudd says.  I do like you, but I just can't go through with it. I hate this whole  thing!  [Mudds's quarters] I don't like you, and I'm not very happy with myself, either.  We're supposed to notice them! Oh, oh Harry, I don't feel very  good. I think it must be near the time.  [Bridge] You'll never find them, Harry, and if you do find them you know  what they are. A cheat. If you care for someone, really care  No, I (coughs) No. I'm sorry, I guess it must be the dust.  Why don't you run a raffle and the loser gets me? (leaves)  I ate some of your food, so I paid with some chores.  Oh, the sound of male ego. You travel halfway across the galaxy,  and it's still the same song. There. You going to eat or talk?  Well you're tasting some of it now. I couldn't scrape three layers  of your leavings out of that pan.  Well, why don't you hang your pan out in the wind and let the sand  blast it clean, or hadn't you thought about that?  Double jack.  Not in double jack.  I got tired of you. I slumped.  Harmless!  Yes, that's what it means!  You don't want wives, you want this. This is what you want, Mister  Childress. I hope you remember it and dream about it, because you can't  have it. It's not real! (takes the pills) Is this the kind of wife you  want, Ben? Not someone to help you, not a wife to cook and sew and cry  and need, but this kind. Selfish, vain, useless. Is this what you  really want? All right, then. Here it is.  I swallowed it.  But that can't be.  You've got someone up there called the Enterprise. 
