Don't move! Hands in the air!  I said, don't move!  Who are you?  (to Spock) Where are you from? What do you call those?  Are you trying to be funny?  Uniforms. Probably some new Praetorian guard unit. I should  kill you here, but Septimus would probably be displeased. Move. Move!  (As they are lead along, a guard whistles the signal that they are  approaching, and two men come out of a hidden cave.  [Cave entrance] I didn't harm them, Septimus, as much as I  wanted to.  There is only one true belief! Roman butchers, sent here by  the first citizen.  A Roman lie. We must kill them.  Septimus, I know killing is evil, but sometimes it's  necessary.  But they've located us, our hiding place. It's better to kill  a few of them than all of us.  Almost six. I was there when he became lord of the games. If  he is your friend, you are no friends of ours.  We'll wait here until dark.  You are barbarians indeed not to know of Flavius Maximus. For  seven years, I was the most successful gladiator in this province.  Yes. The words of peace and freedom. It wasn't easy for me to  believe. I was trained to fight. But the words, the words are true.  Long ago there were rebellions, but they were suppressed. And  with each century, the slaves acquired more rights under the law. They  received rights to medicine, the right to government payments in their  old age, and they slowly learned to be content.  Are they enemies, Captain?  Long ago. Perhaps as long ago as the beginning of the empire.  The message of the sun, that all men are brothers, was kept from us.  Perhaps I'm a fool to believe it. It does often seem that man must  fight to live.  I will not fight. I'm a Brother of the Sun.  I don't mind fighting, but why you?  At least defend yourself.  Not like that, you fool. Hold your weapon higher.  (The cat-calls are replaced by cheers)  (rushing into the arena) Murderers! If you want death, fight  me!  (Claudius signals a guard, who fires his machine gun. The Roman is  killed along with Flavius. Kirk grabs the sword and deals with another  Roman.)  [Bridge]
