Do not kill.  (The device backs away and a silver-haired man in sort of doublet and  hose approaches)  I know who you are. I have monitored your ship since it entered  this system.  Flint. You will leave my planet.  My retreat from the unpleasantness of life on Earth, and the  company of people.  You're trespassing, Captain.  You have nothing I want.  If you do not leave voluntarily, I have the power to force you  to leave or kill you where you stand.  An interesting test of power. Your enormous forces against mine.  Who would win?  Constantinople, summer 1334. It marched through the streets, the  sewers. It left the city by ox cart, by sea, to kill half of Europe.  The rats, rustling and squealing in the night as they, too, died. The  rats.  I am. The Enterprise, a plague ship. You have two hours, at the  end of which time you will leave.  M4 will gather the ryetalyn which you need. (the device leaves)  Permit me to offer you more comfortable surroundings. [Living room] (A comfortable room, with 18th century furniture,  woven rugs, paintings on the wall)  Come in, gentlemen.  Our ship's sensors did not reveal your presence here, Mister Flint.  My planet is surrounded by screens which create the impression  of lifelessness. A protection against the curious, the uninvited.  Except for M4, which serves as butler, housekeeper, gardener and  guardian.  Be comfortable, gentlemen. Help yourselves to  brandy. [Living room] Other men.  The Vulcan.  Even he is not your intellectual equal, nor mine.  They are selfish, brutal, a part of the human community which I  rejected and from which I've shielded you.  Rayna. (nearly kisses her) Have you been lonely?  It is thirst. It is a flower dying in the desert.  Exciting? You have never made a demand of me before.  Do not be sorry. It might be interesting. [Living room] That will not be necessary, Captain. M4 can prepare the ryetalyn  for inoculation more quickly in my laboratory than you could aboard  your ship.  And when you are satisfied as to procedures, I hope you will do  me the honour of being my guests at dinner.  I regret my earlier inhospitality. Let me make amends.  (Rayna enters, and that thud you hear is Kirk's jaw hitting the floor)  Gentlemen, may I present Rayna.  I meant there are no others besides my family. Doctor McCoy.  Mister Spock.  Captain Kirk.  Her parents were killed in an accident while in my employ.  Before dying, they placed their infant, Rayna Kapec, in my custody. I  have raised and educated her.  Rayna possesses the equivalent of seventeen university degrees  in the sciences and arts. She is aware that the intellect is not all.  But its cultivation must come first or the individual makes errors,  wastes time in unprofitable pursuits.  If you would accompany my robot to the laboratory, Doctor, you  can rest assured that the ryetalyn is being processed.  Your pleasure, gentlemen. Chess, billiards, conversation?  We play often.  You would tell me that it is no longer cruel. But it is,  Captain. Look at your starship, bristling with weapons.  Its mission to colonise, exploit, destroy, if necessary, to advance  Federation causes.  (Rayna guides Kirk's shot, but he misses anyway)  The result of pressures which are not your concern.  Why don't you play the waltz, Mister Spock? To be human is also  to seek pleasure, to laugh, to dance. Rayna is a most accomplished  dancer.  Most unfortunate that it was not detected. I shall go with M4 to  gather more ryetalyn and screen it myself. You're welcome to join me,  Doctor.  M4 was programmed to defend this household  and its members. No doubt I should have altered its instructions to  allow for unauthorised but predictable actions on your part. It thought  you were attacking Rayna. A misinterpretation.  Too useful a device to be without, really. I created another. It  will now go to the laboratory and join Doctor McCoy.  (M4 leaves)  Be thankful that you did not attack me, Captain. I might have  accepted battle, and I have twice your physical strength.  How childish he is, Rayna. Would you call him brave or a fool?  Of course! Death, when unnecessary, is a tragic thing. Doctor  McCoy's in the laboratory with the new ryetalyn. He's satisfied as to  its quality. May I suggest that you wait here patiently, safely. You  have seen that my defence systems operate automatically and not always  in accordance with my wishes. Come, Rayna. Rayna! Come.  (Rayna reluctantly tears herself away from Kirk, and they both leave)  It came to protect you.  It was defective, then. I would have destroyed it myself. Have I  lied to you?  Believe what I say. I would not want Captain Kirk dead. What did  you feel?  Yes. Go to them, if you wish. Say your farewells. [Living room] A last tender encounter, Captain Kirk, to end your usefulness. [Laboratory] Created here by my hand. Here, the centuries of loneliness were  to end.  I am Brahms.  Yes.  Solomon, Alexander, Lazarus, Methuselah, Merlin, Abramson. A  hundred other names you do not know.  In that region of earth later called Mesopotamia, in the year  3834 BC, as the millennia are reckoned. I was Akharin, a soldier, a  bully and a fool. I fell in battle, pierced to the heart and did not  die.  And to conceal it. To live some portion of a life, to pretend to  age and then move on before my nature was suspected.  Galileo, Socrates, Moses. I have married a hundred times,  Captain. Selected, loved, cherished. Caressed a smoothness, inhaled a  brief fragrance. Then age, death, the taste of dust. Do you understand?    Designed by my heart. I could not love her more.  You cannot love an android, Captain. I love her. She is my  handiwork, my property. She is what I desire.  She will never know.  You will stay.  If you leave, the curious would follow, the foolish, the  meddlers, the officials, the seekers. My privacy was my own. Its  invasion be on your head.  The disaster of intervention, Spock. I've known it. I will not  risk it.  They cannot answer, Captain.  (A model Enterprise appears on a table. Kirk peers in through the  viewscreen to see everyone stationary)  The test of power. You had no chance. It is time for you to join  your crew.  I have seen a hundred billion fall. I know death better than any  man. I have tossed enemies into his grasp. And I know mercy. Your crew  is not dead, but suspended.  In time. A thousand, two thousand years. You will know the  future, Captain Kirk.  The flowers of my past. I hold the nettles of the present. I am  Flint now, with my needs.  Tonight I have seen something wondrous, something I've waited  for, laboured for. Nothing must endanger it. At last, Rayna's emotions  have stirred to life. Now they will turn to me in this solitude which I  preserve.  Rayna.  I must.  I shall take what is mine when she comes to me. We are mated,  Captain, alike, immortal. You must forget your feelings in this matter,  which is quite impossible for you.  No!  (They tussle)  Rayna!  No man beats me.  That's what I've worked for.  Stay.  You can't die. 
