Have you received an answer to your message yet, Captain?  Is that supposed to mean something?  You will disregard that signal, Captain.  Captain, in the past twenty years, thousands of lives have been  lost in this quadrant. Lives that could have been saved if the  Federation had a treaty port here. We mean to have that port and I'm  here to get it.  I'm quite prepared to take that risk.  I have my orders, Captain, and now you have yours. You will  proceed on course. Achieve orbit status and just leave the rest to me.  You're well aware that my mission gives me the power of command. I now  exercise it. You will proceed on course. That's a direct order.  (He leaves.)  Kirk, what's this about you going down alone?  It is my prerogative.  (entering the Bridge) You'll do no such thing, Mister Scott.  You have taken defensive measures.  There are no buts. Obviously it's a misunderstanding, and one of  my jobs is to clear up misunderstandings.  We have no proof of that.  And I'm responsible for the success of this mission, and that's  more important than this ship. Is that clear? We came here to establish  diplomatic relations with these people.  This is a diplomatic matter. If you check your regulations, you'll  find that my orders get priority. I'll try to make contact with the  planetary officials. Lieutenant, open up a channel and keep it open.  Tell them to expect a priority one message from me. There will be no  punitive measures, gentlemen. Those are my orders.  (He leaves the Bridge.)  Mister Anan, this is Robert Fox [Council Room] Special Ambassador for the United  Federation of Planets.  We have approached you openly [Council Room] With the intent of establishing formal  and friendly relations between our peoples, but now, [Bridge] For some reason, you have attacked us, and  apparently you're holding several special representatives of our  Federation. [Council Room] Thank you. I thought perhaps it was all a mistake.  I understand. Mister Anan, I presume that you  have our ship's Captain on hand when I beam down. [Council Room] I'm sure that from this day forward, your planet and our  Federation will attain the deepest friendship. I look forward to seeing  you.  (He gestures to Uhura to end transmission.)  Diplomacy, gentlemen, should be a job left to diplomats. You will,  of course, immediately resume a peaceful status.  What did you say?  You are taking orders from me. You will lower the screens as a  sign of good faith. My authority.  I want you and expect you to obey my lawful orders.  Your refusal to comply with my orders has endangered the entire  success of this mission. I can have you sent to a penal colony for  this.  Your name will figure prominently in my report to the Federation  Central.  (Fox leaves the Bridge)  I am Robert Fox. Have I the honour of addressing Anan Seven?  I beg your pardon?  You mean we are to be killed?  What are you doing? I'm a representative of the United Federation  of Planets! A special representative!  Spock!  What are you doing, Mister Spock?  They have him. The guards told us. They took him to the Council  Room under heavy guard.  I've never been a soldier, Mister Spock, but I learn very quickly.    Yes, Captain.  Gentlemen, if you please.  As a third party interested only in peace and the establishment of  normal relations, I should be glad to offer my services as negotiator  between you and Vendikar. I've had some small experiences in such  matters.  Then it's long overdue. Shall we go?  (Anan and Fox leave.) 
