Excellent, Captain Kirk. Although we expected strength and  competitive spirit, we are greatly pleased.  Admirable, Chekov. Admirable. You also, Uhura. Your spirit is as  great as the captain's. I can see you all will prove invaluable here. I  am Galt, Master Thrall of the planet Triskelion. I have been sent to  welcome you. [Cell] (All three are fastened securely to the wall, and  have collars around their necks.)  There, Captain. Now you are prepared for your training.  The Providers were expecting you, Captain. They arranged your  transportation.  Correction, Captain. The Providers are not ours. We are theirs.  You are to be trained, of course. What other use is there for  thralls?  There has been no mistake. Your old titles mean nothing here,  Captain. You are thralls now. You are to be taken to the training  enclosure. (the restraints are released) Come. Places have been  prepared for you.  I am Galt, the Master Thrall. This place is the planet  Triskelion. You are to be trained and spend the rest of your lives  here.  [Bridge] These are your quarters. Open, thralls.  (As the doors slide open, Chekov and Kirk hit their minders and they  all run. Galt's eyes glow, the collars glow and the Starfleet escapees  collapse, choking.)  That was foolish, Captain. Escape is quite impossible, as  demonstrated by your collars of obedience. Return to your quarters.  (They do, and they are left alone.) [Bridge] Hold. This thrall was slow in obeying a command. For his  punishment, he will be practice target. As you charge, you will strike  the practice target when you pass. You begin, Uhura.  It is not allowed to refuse a training exercise.  It is part of your training. The Providers wish it.  We have been tolerant because you are newcomers, but I see you  must be given a lesson. Lars. (Lars unties the thrall) Kloog. Kloog  will administer correction. Uhura, take your place on the triad. (Lars  starts to tie Uhura's hands behind her back.) Tie her.  It is not permitted. But, Captain, since you assume  responsibility for your people, you will take the punishment. It is  less painful than the collar. Turn around. {Lars ties Kirk's hands.)  Captain, you will be practice target. It is a shame to lose you,  Captain, but it is worth it as an example to the others.  Captain's log, supplemental. Stardate, unknown. Our  strange captivity continues. This planet is called Triskelion. We do  not know its location. We do not know who controls it. Its dangers are  abundantly clear.  [Combat area] (Kloog (the big, silent one) has a whip and net,  which Kirk is trying to dodge. His back is bloody and his shirt is  torn, but he manages to land a good kick on Kloog.)  Hold. Rest interval. Fifteen trisecs.  (The two combatants join their comrades on the benches.)  Resume places.  (Kirk carries on dodging the whip, whilst loosening his bonds. Finally  he manages to get his hands in front of him, jump on Kloog's back and  try to strangle him. Kloog falls to the ground.)  We hold, Provider One.  (after a pause) Two thousand quatloos are bid. Is there a  challenge? The newcomers have been vended to Provider One.  You now bear the mark of a fine herd. But I must warn you, any  further disobedience now that you are full-fledged thralls  will be punishable by death.  [Bridge] (popping out of thin air) Captain, you do indeed present many  surprises. Because you have amused the Providers, there will be no  punishment. Return to your quarters.  [Bridge] Shahna.  (She enters the area with a pole.) 
