You said you wanted to see me, Captain. Well, here I am.  (during the opening titles, Kirk has been put in the cell with Cory,  and Spock is dragged away by the Andorian and Tellarite, apparently  unconscious.)  Your Vulcan friend is still alive, Captain. My phaser was set to  stun, not to kill. He'll be quite comfortable. Almost as comfortable as  you and our esteemed governor.  You will address me by my proper title, Kirk.  I am Lord Garth, formerly of Izar, and I lead the future masters  of the universe.  You Earth people are a stiff necked lot, aren't you?  I'm afraid that subjugating you won't be enough. You must be  confined. And all the people of the galaxy who will not bow to my will  must be confined or destroyed.  Oh ho! Our beloved governor has decided to address us, and we  have not given him our permission to speak.  (releasing Cory) I'm afraid of no one. You're all powerless  against me.  The medicine? You mean the poison. I destroyed it.  Silence! The chatter of inferior weaklings wearies me, and it's  time I took command of the Enterprise. You'll help me, of course.  My crew mutinied. The first use I will make of the Enterprise is  to hunt them down and punish them for that.  But they won't. You see, Captain, there's a helpful technique  I've mastered.  (And Garth changes into Kirk.)  We are going to take the Enterprise, do you  hear me? We are going to take her if I have to shatter every bone in  Captain Kirk's body. [Detention area] Captain? Captain Kirk? Well, I hope you  haven't been too uncomfortable, Captain.  Good. Still, I've been quite remiss in my duties as your host. I  did invite you down to dinner, as you may recall.  But I haven't. You and Mister Spock are to be my guests.  Right here. Marta!  (Spock enters with Marta, the Andorian and the Tellarite)  Stop that, Marta. Mister Spock will think we're lacking in  hospitality. Won't you join us, Captain?  (He lets Kirk out of the cell)  No, the governor doesn't seem to be on the guest list.  An intentional one. The governor's fasting.  (draws a weapon) Captain.  Good advice, Governor. Well, Captain? You'll find we set a  handsome table, and the entertainment is most enjoyable.  Yes, I am. I certainly am. [Dining room] (Other inmates are also there. The current  entertainment is the Andorian and Tellarite playing 'wheelbarrow'. When  they've finished, Marta goes over to Kirk and starts fondling him.)  Keep your hands off Kirk! You treacherous thing!  I am above that sort of thing. The Captain is annoyed by your  attentions, that's all.  I may have you beaten to death.  You're the only woman on this planet, you stupid cow.  You're repulsive!  Lies! All lies! You are the greatest liar I have ever met! Let  me hear one poem you've written.  Gentlemen, courtesy for the performer.  You wrote that?  It was written by an Earth man named Shakespeare a long time  ago!  I may kill you with my bare hands! (Marta runs to the other men)  Actually, Captain, she is a superb dancer. Marta, my dear, won't you  dance for our guests? That was not a request.  (Marta starts one of those sinuous Orion dances, although not as good  as Vina.)  Marvellous, isn't she, Captain?  What is your reaction, Mister Spock?  Nostalgic?  She's yours if you wish, Captain.  You'll find that I am magnanimous to my friends and merciless to  my enemies, and I want you, both of you, to be my friends.  Upon the firmest of foundations, Mister Spock. Enlightened self  interest. You, Captain, are second only to me as the finest military  commander in the galaxy.  And so have I been. I have charted more new worlds than any man  in history.  Well, I could say because they were actively hostile to the  Federation.  Agreed. Actually they were quite harmless, and they made me  whole when I was maimed and dying. And in my gratitude, I offered them  the galaxy. They rejected me, and I condemned them to death.  That was my only miscalculation. I had changed. I had risen  above this decadent weakness which still has you in its command, by the  way, Captain. My crew had not. I couldn't sway them, but my new crew,  the men in this room, will obey my orders without question. Gentlemen,  you have eyes but you cannot see. Galaxies surround us, limitless  vistas. And yet the Federation would have us grub away like some ants  on some somewhat larger than usual anthill. But I am not an insect. I  am master of the universe, and I must claim my domain.  As well it should be.  Peace mission! Politicians and weaklings!  Mister Spock, do you consider Captain Kirk and yourself  brothers?  Blind! Truly blind! Captain Kirk is your commanding officer and  you are his subordinate. That is all. Yet, Mister Spock, you are a  worthy commander in your own right, and in my fleet, you will surely  have a Starship to command.  Out there waiting for me. They will flock to my cause, and for  good reason. Limitless power, limitless wealth, and solar systems ruled  by the elite. We, gentlemen, are that elite, and we must take what is  rightfully ours from the decadent weaklings that now hold it.  Lord Garth!  I was betrayed and treated barbarically.  Remove this animal!  (Spock is hauled away, and Garth draws his phaser as Kirk stands. Then  he becomes friendly again.)  Try some of this wine, Captain. It has a robust, full bodied  flavour which you'll find diverting.  And I prefer that you remain here. Marta, my dear. We found your  little divertissement enchanting, didn't we, Captain? But there's more  to come. The entertainment has merely begun. By the way, I assume you  play chess.  So do I. How would you respond to queen to queen's level three?  I'm interested in only one.  For the life of me is a phrase well chosen. It could literally  come to that.  But I can make you long for death, beg for death.  Oh, don't beg, Marta! It's degrading. Queen to queen's level  three, Captain. You'll talk freely and quite soon.  (A chunky chair is wheeled into the room.)  What you see before you, Captain, is my latest invention. Quite  ordinary in appearance, almost primitive, wouldn't you say?  Appearances can be deceiving. Once it was a part of the  rehabilitation process, and as such, quite painless. And I might add  useless too. It made men docile and of no use to me. I've added certain  refinements to the use of ultrasonic waves. The chair is no longer  painless. Put the governor in it. Queen to queen's level three, Captain  Kirk? It is, in fact, exquisitely painful, as you will now see.  (The lights either side of Cory's head, swirl, and he begins to pant  and groan.)  Interesting, isn't it? The pain is real and can be prolonged  indefinitely, because there is no actual destruction of tissue.  Of course, Captain. You have but to ask. Now, as you can see, he  has not been harmed physically, yet the memory of the exquisite torment  remains. Queen to queen's level three, Captain.  Too bad. Remove our distinguished governor. Put Captain Kirk in  the chair.  (Kirk tries to make a break for it, but fails.)  You really are becoming offensive to me, my dear. Don't make it  necessary for me to put you in it. Queen to queen's level three,  Captain Kirk.  You want him, don't you?  Badly enough to join him?  It might be interesting to have you try.  [Bridge] Blast away, Captain, if you can. Do you think I'm fool enough to  give you a charged phaser?  I have done nothing with him as of yet, but I do have plans for  him. The Vulcan will die rather horribly, and his death will be on your  conscience.  Lord Garth!  And I was the greatest of them all, wasn't I?  I have never been more healthy.  I can't remember. It's almost as if I had died and was reborn.  Yes, I do remember that. It was a great responsibility, but one  I was proud to bear.  I don't want to hear any more. You're weak, you're trying to  drain my strength.  I am Lord Garth! Master of the universe! You doubt me only  because I have not as yet had my coronation.  Stop! On your knees.  On your knees before me! All the others before me have failed.  Alexander, Caesar, Napoleon, Hitler, Lee Kuan, Krotus! All of them are  dust! But I will triumph! I will make the ultimate conquest!  (Kirk reaches for the forcefield control and gets stunned for his  efforts.)  [Dining room] (The tables are being rearranged.)  The throne must be higher. It must be higher than anything else  in this room. Use that table as a pedestal. Ah, welcome back, Captain  Kirk. I'm glad you could make it for the coronation.  Yes. Oh, I know that even a real throne is no more than merely a  chair, but the symbolism is important, don't you agree?  But again, just as a token. Not impressive in itself, but it  will serve as a standard around which our followers will rally.  You do refuse to enter into the spirit of the thing, don't you,  Captain? Perhaps you'd like a larger role in the ceremony. You could  serve as human sacrifice, for example.  How true. All right, how about crown prince? That would make you  our heir apparent. Heir apparent, I believe, is the proper role for  you. Besides, we have other candidates for our human sacrifice. Who  knows? Ready.  (Garth goes out and comes in again with Marta on his arm. She carries a  crown on a pillow. They walk between two lines of inmates, who kneel.  Well, since there is no one mighty enough to perform this  ceremony, we'll perform it ourselves. Therefore, we hereby proclaim  that I am Lord Garth, master of the universe. And we designate our  beloved Marta to be our consort. And we further designate Captain James  Kirk of the Starship Enterprise to be our heir apparent.  (Garth walks up and down, then climbs up onto the table and sits on the  chair.)  Now remove our heir apparent that we may conclude this ceremony.    (Kirk is led out into the corridor by the Andorian and the Tellarite.) [Control room] Well done. Well, Captain, you continue to resist. How stupid of  you. Put him in that chair right here. I've arranged a small  entertainment. I wouldn't want him to miss any of it. Well, Captain,  even you must admit that I'm a genius. What you see here is my latest  invention. This is an explosive, the most powerful one in history. If I  were to drop this flask, the resulting explosion would vaporise this  planet. Now do you see why it is ridiculous to resist me? Well, perhaps  you require the demonstration I've arranged. Watch closely.  (Shutters open to show the planet surface on a screen.)  Now, it is true that she is deadly as a poisonous serpent, but  she is also a beautiful woman, and you have held her in your arms,  Captain. I've ordered my men to drive her out of the protective dome.  And, of course, she would choke to death on the outside in minutes.  (On the screen, Marta is struggling against two figures in environment  suits.)  But I've arranged a more merciful end for her because after all,  Captain, she is my consort. One tiny crystal implanted in her necklace,  a portion of this explosive no bigger than a grain of sand. I propose  to detonate it from here.  (Marta is left alone, choking.)  Poor girl. Poor, dear, suffering child. I will help her now.  (Boom!)  [Bridge] Here.  (Throws the flask of explosive to the Andorian, then snatches it back.)    How are your nerves, Kirk?  You're an extraordinary fellow, Kirk. Your stubbornness defies  all logic. Logic, that is the key. Your friend Spock is a logical man.  A very logical man. Go and bring the Vulcan here to me.  (Spock is in a detention cell, calmly testing the forcefield in the  doorway. When the Andorian and Tellarite arrive, he is lying on the  floor. They have to pick him up and carry him between them. Once in the  corridor, he neck-pinches the pair of them, takes a phaser and heads  off on his own.)  Spock is not only a more logical man than you, Captain, but a  more intelligent one, I'm sure. I shall establish a rapport with him.  (An alarm alerts him to the approach of the Vulcan.)  Fascinating. Your Vulcan friend is a very ingenious fellow. This  could be most amusing.  (When the control room doors open for Spock, two Captain Kirks are  standing in the room.)  Starship. Starship.  No, Captain. The medicine seems to be taking effect. I can  manage. It's very encouraging. Should I know you, sir? 
