Yes, sir. (leaves)  Yes, sir. Sturgeon was dead when I found him. I was circling to  find whatever it was.  No, sir. I checked all through the ruins. 
Captain Kirk, may I speak with you? I quite agree with your  attitude toward this charade. It's ridiculous to think that we should  take part in it.  The same thing as you do, to get out of here. I have no quarrel  with you any more than you have with me.  History tends to exaggerate. I suggest we call a halt to this at  once and see if we can't find some way out of our difficulties. My  associates are in full agreement with me. Captain, you were tricked  into coming here, weren't you? So were we all.  I can't remember. Isn't that strange? My memory used to be quite  remarkable. Well, wherever it was, I want to get back. So it seems to  me, Captain, that we have a common cause, and our enemy is that  creature.  That we combine forces, and  reason some way to overcome it.  But that was centuries ago, Captain, and not  altogether true. No, there is much I would change now if I could. Don't  let prejudice and rumour sway you.  (Meanwhile, the other three baddies split up and start to circle  around)  Did you set the traps?  What did you find out? What are they doing?  With what? These? (pointed sticks)  No, it's not advantage enough. I want to make sure the odds are  in our favour. Overwhelm and devastate, that's the way to get power and  to hold it, and I mean to do that. [Good guy base] No. Let's hear what he has to say. We may find it useful. Stop  there, Vulcan. State your purpose.  Are you surrendering?  SURAK I'm doing what I consider best for all of us. If you choose to  regard that as surrender, I accept your definition.  Why are you doing this? Do you speak for the others?  How can I be sure? I think  you’re trying to trick me, Vulcan. I think that while you're here  talking peace, the others are preparing to attack.  How can I believe that? No one talks peace  unless he's ready to back it up with war.  Then tell me, what do you have to gain if we accept?  What do I get out of it? I fight for gain, Vulcan. What do I  gain here?  No. He's our means to finish them all.  (Kahless and Khan circle around)  You're very persuasive, Vulcan. I'd like to come out of this  with a whole skin. Perhaps I can convince my associates that it would  be to their advantage also. [Good guy base] (Kirk, Spock and Lincoln are also sharpening sticks  as spears)  Mister Spock, your friend wants you. He seems to be hurt.  You can't let him suffer.  They should be coming soon.  (Green and Khan see Kirk and Spock duck down behind a large rock,  carrying a lot of spears)  Zora! Kahless! No, wait!  (Spock throws the first spear)  How many do you see?  Zora.  (She goes to circle around. Khan and Kirk throw rocks at each other.  Meanwhile, a very stealthy Lincoln has found Surak.)  Now can you cry like Lincoln? 
