(a neat man in a suit) I don't know what  to say, gentlemen. Argelius is the last planet in the  galaxy I'd expect a thing like this to happen.  If this was my home planet, Rigel Four, I'd have a dozen  investigators working on the matter, but they don't exist here.  Oh, no. Argelius hires its administrative officers from other  planets. The Argelians aren't very efficient, you know. Gentle,  harmless people. Mister Scott. Mister Scott? Now, are you sure you've  never seen this before? (the knife)  Really, sir. That is hardly helpful.  It's not promising, Captain. Mister Scott insists he remembers  nothing, but my detector readings indicates that only his fingerprints  are on the murder weapon.  So I've been informed by the staff. They're being located and  we will question them. But the outlook for your friend is quite grim.  Gentlemen, our prefect, Jaris. Sir, Captain Kirk, Doctor  McCoy.  And this man is Scott, the one I sent you the message about.  Prefect, don't you think this should be handled in an official  manner through my office?  Oh, I'd advise against it, Prefect. This is purely an Argelian  matter.  There are other people we should question. Perhaps I should go  expedite their arrival here?  Prefect, both of these men were at the cafe the night of the  murder.  Captain, if you don't mind please.  Why, that's terrible. (to the man from the next table) You, my  men picked you up near there. What were you doing?  Well, how was the girl killed?  If only I had facilities.  Captain, may I continue with the questions please?  Need I remind you of the circumstances, Captain? In both  cases, your friend Scott was discovered over the body and later claimed  to remember nothing.  I agree with you, Captain. I'm perfectly satisfied Mister  Scott is guilty.  That is unproven, sir.  By your own admission, you don't know whether you did or  didn't. Your so-called failing memory  He's been saying that right along. It means no more now than  it did before.  But I remind you we found Mister Scott holding her in his  arms, the knife still (to Jaris) I'm sorry, sir, but I must. The knife  still in her back and blood on his hands.  There were two other women murdered.  This is a waste of time.  Well, if you can convince me that the machine is incapable of  error, and if it shows he did not kill the women.  I object to the entire procedure.  Prefect, I know you mean well, but I've had experience  That's ridiculous. He lived hundreds of years ago.  Surely, Prefect, this has gone far enough. Someone, some man  has killed three women. We have the prime suspect in our hands. Are we  going to let him go and start chasing ghosts?  Fairy tales. Ghosts and goblins.  This is fantasy! We all know the murderer is sitting right  here. You're trying to cloud the issue. I've got a mind to  Well, many people do. It's not a crime.  I will not.  Prefect, this has gone far enough. I will not take the stand.  Gentlemen, I know something of the law. You're engaging in  sheer speculation.  Everybody keep back or I'll kill her! I'll kill her! Keep  back!  You'll suffer! You'll suffer. (Spock injects him) I'll kill  all of you.  You'll die, die, die. Everybody will die. [Corridor] (Kirk carries the giggling Hengist in a fireman's  lift, while Spock follows.)  Kill, kill, kill you all. [Transporter room] Everybody die. You'll all suffer.  (He is beamed out.) 
