Captain Kirk, this is Ambassador Hodin. The  council is still awaiting your arrival.  That's impossible.  He never arrived.  Eight seven five, zero two zero, zero seven  nine.  We gave you the exact co-ordinates which should  have brought Captain Kirk directly to this very room.  If he is not here, that is your own  responsibility, Mister Spock, and that of your staff. [Bridge] We are glad to hear that. We shall enter it into the  records of this most unfortunate event.  Let us hope it was on dry land. [Bridge] (McCoy enters)  Permission denied. [Bridge] Your Federation must be aware [Council chamber] Of our jealous tradition of isolation from  all contaminating contacts [Bridge] With the violent nature of planets of  other star systems.  Of course, we shall institute a thorough search.  In the meantime, Mister Spock, I suggest that you look to your  machinery.  (Transmission ends)  Good news. Very good news indeed, Mister  Spock. Your captain is definitely not on Gideon. As you requested, we  made a most thorough search, and you will be relieved to know that you  may now investigate all the other possibilities and forget about  Gideon.  You requested a most thorough search. It is in the record. And  we have used every means at our disposal to accommodate you.  Surely, Mister Spock, you do not intend, I hope, to create a  dispute between the Federation and Gideon?  Mister Spock, you're an officer of a spaceship. In your  profession, you use many instruments,  tools and weapons to achieve your objectives. [Bridge] However, the only tool diplomacy has is language. [Council chamber] It is of the utmost importance that the  meaning be crystal clear. [Bridge] I'm glad to hear it. Perhaps you could then  make greater effort to choose your words more precisely. [Bridge] Mister Spock! Mister Spock! [Bridge] Are you still there? [Bridge] There was considerable interference with  your transmission. A lot of noise drowned out [bridge] What was said. Would you repeat,  please?  Forgive me, Mister Spock. No criticism of  your equipment was intended. But it has sent your captain on some  strange journey, a safe one we all still hope. [Bridge] But it could create for us serious  incidents with your Federation, and now you propose to [Council chamber] Repeat this disaster with another officer?  This would be madness. [Bridge] I could not quite make that out, Mister Spock. [Council chamber] Would you be so good as to repeat what you  said? [Bridge] But, Mister Spock, you [Bridge] You are a very persistent fellow, Mister  Spock. Very well, then, You shall test the skill of your very excitable  [Bridge] Repairman. [Council chamber] There is one proviso. We cannot risk further  incidents. You will therefore transport a member of my staff to your  ship. Let us first see if that works. [Bridge] My assistant will provide you with the  proper, what is the word?  Thank you. Proceed, Krodak.  Now, now, not so fast, Mister Spock. That is  quite a different matter. We agreed to allow one representative on our  soil, your captain.  Forgive me, Mister Spock, but I overstepped my  authority when I made that agreement. However, your request will be  taken up at the next full session of Gideon's council.  (Transmission ends)  Yes, Captain Kirk. Our experiment has passed the first stage.  We have no need of any of your medicines.  And we're grateful to you for her illness. You have done well,  my daughter.  (Kirk hands Odona over to Hodin)  Guard the captain well. We shall need him for a long time.  [Bridge] That depends on the strength of the one infected. You have great  strength.  Your body temperature will be very great. You will see us, but  you will not know who we are.  Rest. Now lie still. Do you feel great pain?  What is it like to feel pain?  Your courage gives me great pride. [Corridor] Not yet.  But we do. She has Vegan choriomeningitis.  Yes. Our prime minister learned about you during our  negotiations. That's why we brought you here. Your blood provided the  micro-organisms which infected her.  Yes. As Odona told you, we have no need for medical  practitioners here. Our apologies. We were unforgivably awkward to have  hurt you.  (Kirk has a fight with his two guards, and loses.)  No. We are desperate.  [Bridge] And so it was! A long, long time ago what we described was true!  The atmosphere on Gideon has always been germ-free. And the people  flourished in their physical and spiritual perfection. Eventually, even  the life span increased. Death became almost unknown to us. It occurred  only when the body could no longer regenerate itself, and that happens  now only to the very old.  But Gideon did not find it enviable. The birth rate continued to  rise, and the population grew, until now Gideon is encased in a living  mass who can find no rest, no peace, no joy.  Every organ renews itself. It would be impossible.  But you see, the people of Gideon have always believed that life  is sacred. That the love of life is the greatest gift. That is the one  unshakable truth of Gideon. And this overwhelming love of life has  developed our regenerative capacity and our great longevity.  That is bitterly true, Captain. Nevertheless, we cannot deny the  truth which shaped our evolution. We are incapable of destroying or  interfering with the creation of that which we love so deeply. Life, in  every form, from foetus to developed being. It is against our  tradition, against our very nature. We simply could not do it.  We're trying to re-adjust the life cycle of an entire  civilisation.  My daughter hoped to make you feel the agony of Gideon. But it  was impossible. No stranger could realize the horror that life can be  here. I will not beg for your understanding of my personal grief, nor  will I parade it for you to gain your co-operation. My love for my  daughter is too deep for display. My pride in her runs even deeper. My  daughter freely chose to do what she is doing, as the people of Gideon  are free to choose.  You will stay. Your blood will provide it.  My daughter pleaded with you to stay.  She hoped you would love her and wish to stay.  Stay with us. We're desperate.  You see, you cannot leave us now. Go to her.  [Empty Bridge] We have told you, it is her wish and mine that there be no  interference with the natural progress of the virus.  No, her death at so young an age will let the people know for  certain that our lifecycle can be changed. It's the symbol that'll  bring forth the dedicated young volunteers. The serum in their new  blood will change Gideon, and it will once more be the paradise it was.   
