Hide! They're right behind me. Hide! Hide!  (They do, as three jack-booted soldiers surround the fallen man and  kick him.)  Why did they take you? You're not a Zeon. He certainly is not  one.  Why do the Nazis treat you as enemies?  Why? Because without us to hate, there'd be nothing to hold them  together. So the Party has built us into a threat, a disease to be  wiped out.  Where did you come from? Our warlike period ended dozens of  generations ago. We came here. We thought we were civilising the  Ekosians.  Warlike, yes, but not vicious. That started when the Nazi  movement began only a few years ago.  When they've destroyed us here, they will attack our planet.  They'll use the technology we gave them. The danger is that taking life  is so repugnant to our people, I'm afraid we'll go down without a  struggle. But after what I saw in the street today, I think I could  kill.  Why?  Why should you be interested in saving Zeons?  Are you trying to kill yourselves?  (Spock gets Kirk's transponder out, then Kirk tries to extract  Spock's.)  What is it you're making, some kind of radio?  Take me with you. Give me a chance to fight them.  Take me with you, or you'll never find the laboratory.  The end of the hall.  (The door labeled Authorised Personnel only, not Fire Stairs only. A  Nazi comes out of the room and locks the door.)  Who are you people?  KIRK; The phasers?  Where do you come from?  (Meanwhile, the Nazi realises his pocket has been picked and returns,  weapon drawn.)  Yes. With this uniform, we can steal a car, get out of the  capital.  It's all right. They helped me escape from the prison. I owe them  my life.  Abrom! Abrom, thank God you're well. This is my brother. They  were in the prison. Beaten as I was, Abrom.  Abrom, I owe them my life.  She would've been my wife.  If we adopt the ways of the Nazis, we're as bad as the Nazis.  Stop, Nazis. After you've killed the last of us off, what do you  do, turn the guns against yourselves?  (Kirk uses the distraction to take Daras' pistol and use her as a  shield.)  Don't shoot. Don't shoot, please.  Now, please forgive us, but we had to be absolutely certain.  The Gestapo methods are frighteningly efficient. We must be very,  very careful in order to survive here. We of the Underground don't know  who our leaders are. That way, if we break under pressure, we can only  betray a handful of our people.  It's impossible. Even if this were another time, it still would  be impossible. He sees no one. No one but Melakon. He's under maximum  security.  There are many of us, both Ekosians and younger Zeons, who would  gladly risk our lives to kill him.  I'm afraid it will be a formal declaration of war against Zeon.  Their Final Solution.  Well it's a risk living at all the way things are going. If the  Captain believes he has a chance, I'm willing to commit suicide with  him.  It's even more my fight than yours.  [Chancellery entrance] (A car pulls up and this time Kirk and Spock, and  Isak, are in black uniforms. They are a film crew.)  Sir, is this light better here?  If you distract the guard long enough, I can get a machine gun.  It's a small booth, I could shoot through the door.  So, what have we accomplished? You should  have let me shoot him.  The cloakroom? [Cloakroom] (In amongst the hangars full of uniforms, Spock  fiddles with his home-made communicator.)  There's no reaction. Whatever you gave him isn't working.  Many of my friends are aboard that ship, many of the Underground.    (watching the door) Guards.  For the second time in one day, Daras is a hero to the  Fatherland.  Yes, let us make an example of this traitor once and for all.  Chairman Eneg, this spy must be taken to Melakon.  Eneg is one of us.  A spy, Excellency.  For so long I've prayed for this. Now I'm sorry.  You've given us all a new chance. 
