I hoped I wouldn't see you again.  The year we were together at Starfleet is the only time in my  life I was alive.  Your world of starship captains doesn't admit women. It isn't  fair.  I loved you. We could've roamed among the stars.  It might have been better.  (Kirk has a look around the room, and finds a wall-sized device with  strange carvings. Janice sits up, points a remote at it and it lights  up, pulling Kirk onto its surface. Janice gets out of bed, flips a  switch on the device then stands in front of it too. She flips another  switch then the machine works. We are shown images of Janice and Kirk  going into the other's body.)  (Kirk steps down first and switches the machine off. He carries Janice  back to the bed)  Oh no. Am I really losing command of the Enterprise? No. Oh,  no. Bad dream. Bad dream.  Pulse, pressure, blood count, all body functions normal. Then  why am I here?  (Gets out of bed and notices that she is not herself)  Doctor McCoy? Doctor McCoy  (Coleman enters)  Where's Doctor McCoy?  Bring Doctor McCoy at once! He is in command of medicine on  this ship.  By Captain Kirk?  I am not Janice Lester! She did this to me! Now how can I make  you understand? Janice has driven herself mad with jealousy, hatred and  ambition.  (Chapel enters)  Nurse Chapel. Bring Mister Spock and Doctor McCoy to me at  once. Now they must believe I am not Janice Lester. I am imprisoned in  her body, but I am not Janice Lester.  I am not Janice Lester!  I must've sounded quite mad to you before.  Well, I'll be all right now. Could I see your Doctor McCoy?  Oh. Is a visit by that very kind Mister Spock to be allowed?  The Benecia Colony? But isn't the Enterprise going to  rendezvous with the Potemkin at Beta Aurigae?  Well, I'll try. Thank you. Oh, it is good. Thank you. Could I  finish it slowly, Nurse Chapel?  I promise I'll be good.  Spock. Bones. Help me. Don't let them lock me away from you.  I've got to talk to you.  (She backs out into the corridor and Kirk follows her) [Corridor] (Kirk knocks her out)  Yes, that's what it must've been.  It was accomplished and forgotten long ago on Camus Two. I am a  living example.  Nevertheless, Spock, it is the truth I'm speaking. [Exam room] Kirk is being bathed in coloured light with his  eyes closed)  Spock, when I was caught in the interspace of the  Tholian  Sector, you risked your life and the Enterprise to get me  back. Help me get back now. When the  Vians of Minara demanded that we let Bones die, we didn't  permit it.  You are closer to the captain than anyone in the universe. You  know his thoughts. What does your telepathic mind tell you now?  (Under the watchful gaze of the guard, Spock does a quick mind-link)  No. I am not Captain Kirk. That is very apparent. I claim that  whatever it is that makes James Kirk a living being special to himself  is being held here in this body.  That's very clever, but I didn't say it. I said, the body of  James Kirk is being used by Doctor Janice Lester.  No. It was brought about by a violent attack by Doctor Lester  and the use of equipment she discovered on Camus Two.  Yes. To get the power she craved, to attain a position she  doesn't merit by temperament or training. And most of all, she wanted  to murder James Kirk, a man who once loved her. But her intense hatred  of her own womanhood made life with her impossible.  For a moment, I thought that I was up on  the bridge.  Well, if it happens again, I'll fight to stay there.  Ohh! I've lost to the captain. I've lost to James Kirk! I want  you dead! I want you dead! I want you dead! Oh, I'm never going to be  the captain. Never. Kill him.  (She goes to Coleman's arms to weep)  Kill him. 
