The law of Argelius is love.  (An elegant grey-haired man enters, with a woman.)  And this is my wife, Sybo.  He does not look like a man capable of such an act. Still, it's  been so long. Gentlemen, before our great awakening two hundred years  ago,  we had ways of learning the truth in such matters. We shall return to  them.  You know of this?  My wife is a descendent of the ancient priestesses of our land.  She has the ancestral gift. Gentlemen, I have come to invite you to my  home.  It shall be handled in an official manner, Mister Hengist, since  I am the highest official. Gentlemen, let us proceed to my home where,  with the aid of my wife, we shall learn the truth. Please. [Jaris' home] (The middle eastern theme continues with spiral  columns, onion-dome arches, latticed windows and plenty of cushions.)  My wife must meditate for a time before she's ready. I see no  reason why we should not use that time to good advantage. Very well,  Captain.  There is a small chamber below this room. Perhaps that will  suffice. Captain, news of this frightful murder is spreading among my  people. They're greatly disturbed. I have already heard talk of closing  Argelius to space vehicles.  Yes. I believe it's the only one in the quadrant. (hands out  drinks) Captain.  Yes, please do so, Mister Hengist. Anyone with any connection  with this murder should be present at the ceremony.  (A woman beams down as Hengist leaves.)  If you'll Just follow me, Lieutenant.  (Jaris and Karen leave.)  Are you ready, Sybo?  Certainly. Among other gifts, Sybo has the ability to receive  impressions from inanimate objects. Do you have it, Captain?  But I put it here when we arrived. It's gone.  (A woman's scream fills the air.) [Chamber] (Karen Tracy is lying face down on the floor, and  Scott is slumped unconscious in a chair.)  (to Scott) Drink this. An Argelian  stimulant, Doctor. Quite effective and quite harmless.  Yes, there's a door that leads into the garden, but it's been  locked for years.  The same as Kara.  Is this true? Who are you?  That is very disquieting.  Yes, I know. That is why the emotion is so strongly disapproved  of here.  We shall see, Morla.  Captain, Captain. You're behaving very much like a man who is  desperately trying anything to save his friend. Would you be as  desperate to save Argelius as a space port for your Starfleet?  Gentlemen, sit down please.  (Everyone sits around the central brazier.)  (he flicks a row of switches and the doorways are closed) The  room is sealed.  Gentlemen, please. How could any man do such monstrous things?  Mister Scott?  You, sir, claim to remember nothing about the murders.  If this is so, you may have killed without knowing it. Will your  machines tell us this?  Very well. We will go to your ship, and he who is guilty will  face the ancient penalties, barbaric and horrible though they may be.  The ancient penalty for murder was death by slow torture. That law has  never been changed. Do you understand that, Mister Scott?  All that proves is that he's telling the truth when he says he  doesn't remember.  Mister Hengist, we are here on my authority. We will co-operate.    For the time being, we will accept Captain Kirk's explanation of  the machine's accuracy as factual. I do, however, reserve to myself the  right to make the final determination.  My poor Sybo's talent was genuine, gentlemen. What she told you  was true.  Just before she died, my wife said, it is a hunger that never  dies.  Is that possible?  I am satisfied the course of this investigation is valid enough.  Please be seated, Mister Hengist.  Mister Hengist.  What does it mean?  (grabs Kirk's throat) No, no, kill you all! Die! Make you  suffer!  (Spock administers a neck-pinch. Hengist comes back to life, snatches  up the knife and grabs Yeoman Tankris.) 
