(entering) Oh, excuse me. Excuse me.  How sad for you, my friend. You won't find a finer stone  anywhere. But I have something better. Surely you want some Antarian  glow water.  You're a difficult man to reach, but I have something from the  far reaches of the galaxy. Surely you want  (from yet another pocket, the trader pulls a what looks like a ball of  fluff.)  What is it? Why, lovely lady, it's a tribble.  Only the sweetest creature known to man, excepting, of course,  your lovely self.  It's only saying that it likes you.  My friend, 10 credits apiece is a very reasonable price. Now you  can see for yourself how much the lovely little lady appreciates the  finer things.  Sir, transporting harmful animals from one planet to another is  against regulations, or weren't you aware of that? Besides, tribbles  have no teeth.  Twice nothing is still nothing.  Is that an offer or a joke?  That's a joke.  You're an honest man. I'll tell you what I'm going to do I'm  going to lessen my price to eight and a half credits.  Seven and a half. Seven? All right, you robber, six credits.  Right away.  Thief.  That happens to be my sample, and I'll do with it as I please.  And I please to give it to the lovely lady.  I insist.  Once this lovely little lady starts to show this precious little  darling around, you won't be able to keep up with them.  [Briefing room] Ah, friend. Can I offer you a charming little tribble?  Oh. Perhaps one of you other gents?  (No reply)  Ah, friend Klingon. Can I interest you in a harmless tribble?  (The tribble screeches.)  I'm sorry. I can't understand it. I've never seen them act this  way before.  He's only a harmless little  Yes. Ah, my good friend. How would you like to enter another  little transaction? This time, a tribble for a spot  Indeed.  Oh, yes.  Captain Kirk, I'm mystified at your tone of  voice. I've done nothing to warrant such severe treatment.  Of course. What did you say?  If by that, you mean do they breed quickly? Of course, that's  how I maintain my stock. Breeding animals is not against regulations,  only breeding dangerous ones. And tribbles are not dangerous.  Precisely, and at six credits a head, well, that is, a body, it  mounts up. Now if you'll excuse me.  If I did, what would happen to man's search for knowledge? Well,  I must be tending my ship. Au revoir.  (He meets Baris and Darvin at the door.)  Really, Captain Kirk, I must protest this treatment.  They do. I can't understand it. The last time I saw one act this  way was at the bar.  Klingons. Him, for one. (points at Korax)  (Kirk takes two tribbles from the guards and brings them near Korax.  They shriek.)  Well, Captain, I suppose I'm free to go now.  Captain, one little tribble isn't harmful. Captain, you wouldn't  do a thing like that to me, now would you? Would you?  Captain Kirk. Friend. Friend Kirk. Surely we can come to some  sort of mutual understanding. After all, my tribbles did put you wise  to the poisoned grain, and they did help you to find the Klingon agent.  You saved a lot of lives that way.  Yes?  It would take years.  Seventeen point nine years.  Captain, you're a hard man. All right! All right!  I'll do it.  (He starts stuffing tribbles into his many pockets.)  [Bridge]
Or of their own thoughts and emotions. I was just noticing your  Vulcan IDIC, Mister Spock. Is it a reminder that, as a Vulcan, you can  mind-link with the Medusans far better than I could? 
