(in a brown suit) Okay, you three, let's see you petrify.  I want to see you turn to stone. Put your hands over your head,  or you ain't going to have no head to put your hands over.  (They are deprived of their phasers and communicators.)  What's this?  A heater, huh? Hey, the boss will love that. (puts it in his  pocket)  I know what he said, bud. He said some of the boys would meet  you. Okay, we're meeting you.  You trying to make trouble?  Don't give me those baby blue eyes.  I don't go for that innocent routine.  I never heard such stupid questions in my life.  All right. Get moving. Down the street.  (Just then a car comes hurtling around the corner. Everyone dives for  cover, and gunfire rings out. The silent man in the blue suit gets  shot. Kalo returns fire as the car speeds away.)  Krako's getting more gall all the time .  It happens, pal.  Yeah? We ain't playing for peanuts. What's the matter, you guys  never saw a hit before?  Ask the boss. I don't know nothing. Get moving.  (They leave the crowd to deal with the deceased.)  Write him a letter.  Get lost, will ya? Some people got nothing to do but complain.  They pay their percentages and the boss takes care of them. [Oxmyx's office] (It's a lovely high-ceilinged room with wood  paneling, tiled floor with a carpet and substantial furniture. A buzzer  sounds.)  He hit us, Boss.  I'll take care of it.  (Spock has discovered a book on a lectern.)  Hey, Boss, this here's a heater, and I don't know what this is.  (tosses them to his leader)  In the bag, Boss. Come on.  (The landing party and the gunmen leave)  You think so, huh?  Who's asking you?  Listen, Kirk, I can play anything you can figure out. Take the  cards, big man. Show us how it's played.  Fizzbin?  On the right.  On Tuesday.  I need another jack.  A sralk?  Except at night.  If it were dark on Tuesday.  What?  (Kirk 'accidentally' drops the card on the floor)  I'll get it.  (As he bends down, Spock nock-pinches him while McCoy and Kirk punch  out the other two men. McCoy is quicker than Kirk.)  Don't worry, Boss. They can't do nothing till they're through  sparkling.  Now just a minute. 
