You attacked my ship! Four hundred of my crew dead. Kirk, my ship  is disabled. I claim yours. You are now prisoners of the Klingon Empire  against which you have committed a wanton act of war!  (And a weird swirl of light hangs in the air a little way away. The  Federation landing party are disarmed.)  For three years, the Federation and the Klingon Empire have been  at peace. A treaty we have honoured to the letter.  Were the screams of my crew imaginary? What were your orders,  Kirk? To start a war? You've succeeded. To test a new weapon? We shall  be happy to examine it.  By what? No bodies, no ruins. A colony of the invisible?  We have wondered when you would begin. You lured my ship into  ambush by a false Klingon distress call. You will tell us why with the  proper persuasion.  I don't propose to spend the rest of my life on this ball of dust  arguing your fantasies. The Enterprise is mine!  Instruct your transporter room to beam us aboard.  We have no devil, Kirk. But we understand the habits of yours. I  shall torture you to death one by one until your noble captain cries  enough. Who will be first?  And you volunteer to join him. That is loyalty.  (A Klingon places an agoniser on Chekov's face, and he screams. Kirk is  held back.)  Don't plan any tricks, Kirk. I will kill one hundred hostages at  the first sign of treachery.  Animals? Your captain crawls like one. A Klingon would never have  surrendered. Order everybody in this area to be transported up. All  weapons on him.  Liar!  There are still survivors aboard my ship.  Completing the job you started?  My wife, Mara, and my science officer.  More Federation treachery. We are prisoners.  So I have seen.  (Kang and Mara are led away.)  When I take this ship, I'll have Kirk's head  stuffed and hung on his cabin wall.  No, they wish to question us, learn our strength, our plans. They  never will.  Patience. Vigilance. They will make a mistake. Capture of the  Enterprise will give us knowledge to end this war quickly. [Bridge] (The weird light from the planet is up near the  ceiling.)  Most interesting. The bulk of your crew  trapped, your ship racing from this galaxy at wild speeds. Delightful.  How did I perform this sabotage, Kirk? All my men are here.  Then we take the ship.  In time, in time. We must take these sections. First,  Engineering. [Armoury] This is Kang. [Bridge] I have captured your engineering section. I now control this  ship's power and life-support systems. [Engineering] I have deprived all areas except our  own. You will die of suffocation in the icy cold of space. [Bridge] (The power has gone off.)  Cause them to be unsteady.  One of Kirk's tricks. Could he bypass this circuit? What power is  it that supports our battle yet starves our victory? Power. Interrupt  it at their main life-support couplings. Where?  She is a victim of war, Captain. [Bridge] She understands.  Mara, you're alive, and you bring us a prize.  Brave captain, what about?  What have they done to you, Mara? Are you out of your mind? What  have they done to you? (sees the torn tunic) I see why the human beast  did not kill you.  With your death, we win.  No doubt you will reassemble after I have hacked you to bits!  Klingons kill for their own purposes.  This is Kang. Cease hostilities. Disarm.  (The fighting stops. The weird light turns orange.)  Out! We need no urging to hate humans. But for the present, only  a fool fights in a burning house. Out!  (To the sound of laughter, the weird light turns to white and leaves  the Enterprise. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
