Will all great Neptune's ocean wash this blood clean from my  hands.  Pluck out mine eyes! Captain's log, star date 2817.6. Starship  Enterprise diverted from scheduled course. Purpose, to confirm discover  by Doctor Thomas Leighton of an extraordinary new synthetic food which  would totally end the threat of famine on Cygnia Minor, a nearby Earth  colony. [Leighton's home] I hoped you would have respected my privacy, Captain.  I am sorry to hear that.  Do you believe that I am?  Then I am Kodos, if it pleases you to believe so. I am an  actor. I play many parts.  Younger, Captain. Much younger.  (reading) The revolution is successful, but survival depends  on drastic measures. Your continued existence represents a threat to  the well-being of society. (stops looking at the paper) Your lives  means slow death to the more valued members of the colony. Therefore I  have no alternative but to sentence you to death. Your execution is so  ordered. Signed, Kodos, governor of Tarsus Four.  I learn my parts very quickly.  I find your use of the word mercy strangely inappropriate,  Captain. Here you stand, the perfect symbol of our technical society.  Mechanised, electronicised, and not very human. You've done away with  humanity, the striving of man to achieve greatness through his own  resources.  Kodos, whoever he was  Or is. Kodos made a decision of life and death. Some had to  die that others might live. You're a man of decision, Captain. You  ought to understand that.  In order to save four thousand others. And if the supply  ships hadn't come earlier than expected, this Kodos of yours might have  gone down in history as a great hero.  If you're so sure that I'm Kodos, why not kill me now? Let  bloody vengeance take its final course! And see what difference it  makes to this universe of yours.  I suppose not. They're merely tools, like this ship of yours.    Blood thins. The body fails. One is finally grateful for a  failing memory. I no longer treasure life, not even my own. I am tired!  And the past is a blank. Did you get everything you, wanted, Captain  Kirk?  My hour is almost come, when I to sulphurous and tormenting  fires must render up myself.  So art thou to revenge, when thou shalt hear. I am thy  father's spirit, doomed for a certain term to walk the night,  (Kirk spots Kevin with the phaser)  But that I am forbid to tell the secrets of my prison house,  Thy soul, freeze thy young blood.  There was a voice out of the past haunting me, torturing me.  There was another part I once played long ago. I never told you about  it. Now that same curtain rises again. The time has come.  What are you saying?  What have you done?  All of them? All seven? More blood on my hands?  Oh, my child, my child. You've left me nothing! You were the  one thing in my life untouched by what I'd done.  I was a soldier in a cause. There were things to be done,  terrible things.  Murder, flight, suicide, madness. I never wanted the blood on  my hands ever to stain you.  Lenore, don't!  No.  No, child! Don't!  (As she squeezes the trigger, her father steps in front of Kirk, and  takes the shot himself. Lenore screams at what she has done. and  Kirk takes the phaser from her as she kneels over Karidian's body) 
