Our ships were of multigeneration design. We were born in the  intergalactic void. We shall die there during our return journey.  Move there.  (picking a flower and smelling it) These are lovely. Captain  Kirk, what is it you call them?  Our memory tapes tell us of such things on Kelvan. Crystals  that form with such rapidity, they seem to grow. They look like this  fragile thing somewhat. We call them Sahsheer.  Captain?  What is it you wish?  I don't understand, Captain.  That is not necessary. You attempted to escape as we would  have.  Why not?  Like what?  (He strokes her collar bone.)  No, the other side.  Better? Was it intended as a remedy?  Is there some significance to this action?  Oh. You are trying to seduce me. I have been studying you.  All humans. This business of love. You have devoted much  literature to it. Why do you build such a mystique around a simple  biological function?  The literature?  Do you really regard this touching of the lips as pleasurable?    Curious. Let me try.  (She kisses him, and Rojan enters.)  He came to apologise for hitting me. Apparently it involves  some peculiar touching contact.  Yes?  Why not?  Have you given this order to the others?  I will not. You have told me over and over again, humans are  no threat to us. We are superior. I will do as I please.  I would like to speak with you, Captain.  Yes. This cultural mystique surrounding the biological  function.  You realise humans are overly preoccupied with the subject.  I've done some supplemental reading on it, and, er  Yes. I was wondering, would you please apologise to me again?  (Kirk smiles broadly.) [Bridge] (coming up for air) Rojan has forbidden me to see you.  It's not a question of defiance. We were told to find out  everything we could about you.  I need some more experiments.  (She's getting the hang of kissing.)  [Bridge] I did not wish to.  He's most interesting, but I wish to go with you. I believe I  owe you an apology. (she kisses Rojan) It's most pleasurable. 
