How long?  English. I thought I dreamed hearing it. Where am I?  Answer my question.  I like a brave man.  I remember a voice. Did I hear it say I had been sleeping for two  centuries?  Where is your Captain? I have many questions.  (McCoy goes to the intercom)  I see.  I have a few questions first. What is your heading?  And my people?  You will revive them.  I see.  Khan is my name.  Khan.  I find myself growing fatigued, Doctor. May we continue this  questioning at some other time?  Captain, I wonder if I could have something to read during my  convalescence. I was once an engineer of sorts. I would be most  interested in studying the technical manuals on your vessel.  Precisely.  Thank you, Captain. You are very co-operative. [Bridge] Marla McGivers.  I am told you participated in my rebirth.  I've been reading up on starships, but they have one luxury not  mentioned in the manuals.  A beautiful woman. My name is Khan. Please sit and entertain me.  (She perches on another bed)  And why do you wear your hair in such an uncomplimentary fashion?    But it's not attractive. (He takes her to a mirror and loosens a  couple of strands at the back.) There. Soft. Natural. Simple.  You find no pleasure here?  There. Simple, soft. Please remember.  I'm glad you came. Please do it again. [Officer's Mess] (The dining table is laid out, and the senior staff  are in dress uniform.)  Thank you. I hoped you might guide me to our dinner engagement.  (sees a picture on the wall) Very good. Fine technique.  And you've rearranged your hair for me. Excellent.  All bold men from the past. Richard, Leif Ericson, Napoleon. A  hobby of yours, such men?  (He uncovers a work in progress - a man in a turban)  I am honoured. Thank you. But I caution you. Such men dare take  what they want.  (He kisses her, and she responds.)  [Officer's mess] (After dinner, as liqueurs are being served.)  Adventure, Captain. Adventure. There was little else left on  Earth.  Tyranny, sir? Or an attempt to unify humanity?  I know something of those years. Remember, it was a time of great  dreams, of great aspiration.  One man would have ruled eventually. As Rome under Caesar. Think  of its accomplishments.  You are an excellent tactician, Captain. You let your second in  command attack while you sit and watch for weakness.  It has been said that social occasions are only warfare  concealed. Many prefer it more honest, more open.  I've never been afraid.  We offered the world order!  Excellent. Excellent. But if you will excuse me, gentlemen and  ladies, I grow fatigued again. With your permission, Captain, I will  return to my quarters.  (Kirk stands, and Khan leaves.)  [Khan's quarters] (Khan is pacing when Marla enters.)  Quite understandable, since I'm something of a mystery to them.  Do you?  Then I'll have to remold it to my liking.  (Embraces her)  Go. Or stay. But do it because it is what you wish to do. Well?  How many minutes do you graciously offer?  This grows tiresome. You must now ask to stay.  Open your heart. Will you open your heart?  I intend to take this ship. Do you agree?  I need your help.  Now you question me?  Will you assist me?  Leave me then. Go, I say.  I'm sorry, Captain. I was lost in thought. My door. Locked from  outside, a guard posted.  Excellent. You identified me with your computer system, I  imagine.  A new life, a chance to build a world. Other things I doubt you  would understand.  Captain, although your abilities intrigue me, you are quite  honestly inferior. Mentally, physically. In fact, I am surprised how  little improvement there has been in human evolution. Oh, there has  been technical advancement, but, how little man himself has changed.  Yes, it appears we will do well in your century, Captain. Do you have  any other questions?  Otto. Joaquin. The trip is over. The battle begins again. Only  this time it's not a world we win. It's a universe. Kati. [Bridge] He's not able to answer you at the moment,  Captain. [Bridge] Your ship is mine. I have shut off the  life-support system to your Bridge, and jammed up your exit routes. I  am willing to negotiate.  Your air should be getting quite thin by now. [Engineering] Do you surrender the Bridge? [Bridge] Academic, Captain. Refuse, [Bridge] And every person on the Bridge will  suffocate.  (A little later, with everyone else unconscious, Kirk makes his last  log entry.)  Stardate 3142.8. They have my ship, discarding their own worthless  vessel. Only moments of air left on the Bridge now. Commendations  recommended for Lieutenant Uhura, Technicians First Class Thule and  Harrison, Lieutenant Spinelli and, of course, Mister Spock. I take full  responsibility. I take full (He passes out)  [Briefing room] (The senior staff are awake again, and listening to  a speech at gunpoint.)  Nothing ever changes, except man. Your technical accomplishments?  Improve a mechanical device and you may double productivity. But  improve man and you gain a thousand fold. I am such a man. Join me.  I'll treat you well. I need your training to operate a vessel this  complex.  I see now I made one serious error. You are the Communications  Officer? Engage the viewing screen, please.  (Uhura doesn't move, so Joaquin drags her to the table, then hits her.  As he raises his hand again, Marla intervenes.)  I should have realised that suffocating together on the Bridge  would create heroic camaraderie among you. But it is quite a different  thing to watch it happening to someone else. Engage the viewing screen.  I'm sure you recognise your medical decompression chamber here, Doctor.  And the meaning of that indicator. (It is dropping to 10Hg) Your  Captain will die. If you join me, Mister Spock, I will save his life.  My vessel was useless. I need you and yours to select a colony planet.  One with a population willing to be led by us.  Each of you in turn will go in there. Die while the others watch.    (Shakes his head) But I hoped you would be stronger. (She leaves)  If any one of you joins me, anyone! I'll let him live. It's so useless!    It does not matter. The Captain is dead. Take Mister Spock next. [Decompression chamber] (There is one young man standing guard by the  chamber door.)  Armoury, this is Khan. Report. Rodriguez.  Ling. McPherson. Anyone. Report status.  (Gas starts coming out of the ventilation grill. Khan flees, Scott hits  a guard and gives chase. Everyone else coughs.)  [Corridor] If I understood your manuals, that's an overload in progress.  Your ship flares up like an exploding sun within minutes.  (The two fight. Khan can throw Kirk around with little effort.)  I have five times your strength. You're no match for me.  (But Kirk gets himself a weapon and clubs Khan into unconsciousness  before stopping the overload and saving his ship.) Captain's Log. Stardate 3143.3. Control of the  Enterprise has been regained. I wish my next decisions were no more  difficult. Khan and his people. What a waste to put them in a  reorientation centre. And what do I do about McGivers? [Briefing room] (The senior staff are in dress uniform again.)  Have you ever read Milton, Captain?  (gazing into her eyes) It will be difficult. A struggle at first  even to stay alive, to find food.  A superior woman. I will take her. And I've gotten something else  I wanted. A world to win, an empire to build. 
