We lost Matthews. Apparently an accident. Tell the  Enterprise to have a full security party standing by.  And we'll both report in at hourly intervals. If you and I  lose contact, or if he fails to hear from either of us, he's to beam  the security party down immediately. Kirk out.  (the figure creeps up on Rayburn and attacks him)  [Tunnels] Enterprise from Captain Kirk. Come in.  Do you read?  Contact established with Doctor Korby.  No problem, Mister Spock. Bear with me.  [Korby's study]
In Doctor Adams' study, Mister Spock. Why?  Affirmative.  the mistake Van Gelder made.  [Adam's study] Affirmative. [Adam's study]
Earth-style distress signal. SOS.  We're hundreds of light years from Earth, Mister Spock. No  colonies or vessels out this far.  Not the Earth, another Earth. Another Earth?  Captain's Log, stardate 2713.5. In the distant  reaches of our galaxy, we have made an astonishing discovery. Earth  type radio signals coming from a planet which apparently is an exact  duplicate of the Earth. It seems impossible, but there it is.  [Bridge] Hold us in a fixed orbit, Mister Spock.  Still no response, communications?  We'll beam down. Alert security. Prepare to transport landing  party to surface. We'll land in the vicinity of the distress signals  now being received.  [Street] Identical. Earth, as it was in the early  1900s.  Mister Spock. (comes upon child's tricycle)  But with the mind of a child. Bones, what is it?  We want to help you.  What is?  (sound of running) Come on!  [House] How old is this thing?  (sound in the closet) Come out. We mean you no harm. (opens door)    I'm not going to hurt you.  I won't hurt you.  I only want to talk to you.  Come on.  I won't hurt you.  Come on. It's all right. Come on.  Take the guards, have a look outside. Radioactive readings,  chemical pollutions, any further sign of life.  We didn't do anything like that.  Well, of course not. We're here to help.  What happened here? Where is everybody?  No, I don't. Won't you tell me?  What are Grups?  You said something about the Grups doing bad things, yelling,  hurting, burning.  You're doing fine.  But what about the children, the Onlies? Didn't the awful things  affect them?  More of you? How many?  What's your name?  Miri. A pretty name for a pretty young woman.  Very pretty.  [Alleyway] Miri said all the adults died.  There must be records somewhere and answers to some of our  questions. Miri, do you know any buildings where the doctors used to  work?  Will you take me there?  It's important. Please.  Yes. It's Jim.  Good. I like yours, too. I like you.  I wouldn't lie to you.  Why, thank you. (sees a mark on his hand)  Yes, Lieutenant?  [Bridge] Under no circumstances do I want anyone to  beam down from the ship. We can't take any chances with further  contamination.  My orders still stand, Lieutenant. You can help us best by  clearing the computer banks and standing by. Kirk out. Bones, why do  you think the symptoms haven't appeared in Mister Spock?  (reading) Intermediate experimentation report project on life  prolongation.  All the adults are dead. Only the children are left alive.  At least they have up to now.  That would explain why there are no adults.  Who die when they enter adolescence.  Loneliness? I don't know, curiosity? I think children have an  instinctive need for adults. They want to be told right and wrong.  (to redshirts) Try again. See if you can find anything outside.  (to Miri) Hey, clean up that desk for me, will you?  Thank you.  That would certainly answer the question of what happened to  their parents.  I wouldn't examine that dream too closely, Yeoman. It might not  turn out to be very pretty.  I don't think so.  There's no adult interpretation. I think we're dealing with  children. Immensely old perhaps, but nonetheless children.  We've got to do something about the others.  You couldn't get close to the other kids?  I'm going to try. Miri? Come here. You want to go someplace with  me?  Dead. I don't understand it. My phaser wasn't set to kill.  We could use some more, if you don't mind.  There couldn't be any doubt about what you found here?  What about Miri?  And you? The disease doesn't seem to be interested in you.  Of course, Mister Spock. We still don't know what we're fighting.    Are You certain about the time we have left?  Is there any possibility  There's no data, no starting point.  Janice, take Miri for a walk.  But do you know what they were up to?  You two will have to recreate their thinking. If you can isolate  that virus, we'll be able to develop a vaccine.  I know.  The children! (all dash out, while Jahn sneaks in and collects  the communicators from the desks)  [Corridor outside Laboratory] Anything?  And you? (clunk as grate closes)  [Laboratory] Haven't you found a thing yet?  (holds her) We're all frightened. (Miri leaves)  Never mind that, what did you find?  Where is she, Miri? Where is she, Miri? Where's Janice?  Where is she? Has something happened to her?  No, I don't feel all right! None of us feel all right! Can't you  see what's going on?  I've got to find Janice.  We're trying, Mister Spock. We're trying very hard.  This is the vaccine?  Did you hear them? We only have a few hours left.  You've got to care. Miri, I'm going to tell you something. You,  your friends, all the Onlies are going to get the disease unless we  succeed in what we're doing. You've seen your friends get it.  Not sometimes. All the times, Miri! As soon as you start growing  up the way you are. Don't you know why you don't like to play games  anymore, why you don't see your friends the way you used to? It's  because you're becoming a young woman, and the moment you become a  young woman, you get the disease. All of you.  All the time, Miri! It's happening to you right now! Look at it.  Look at it, Miri, it's in you!  Listen to me. Listen to me!  This isn't a game. It never was a game.  Listen to me! You've got our communicators, the boxes we talk  into. We need them to talk to the ship.  No blah blah blah! Because if we don't talk to the ship, if you  don't help us, there won't be any games anymore. There won't be  anything. Nothing, no Grups, no Onlies, nobody left forever and ever.  Now listen to me. You've got to help us before it's too late. Let  Janice go. Give me those communicators before it's too late.  You've seen your friends change one by one as they grew up. Did  you ever see one of them not change? One by one, they got the disease,  and they became like,  Iike those creatures you're afraid of, like Louise. One by one they  changed and got the disease. The disease like I've got, like Miri has.  You understand what I'm talking about. You're not babies. We can help  you!  (bleeding) It's waiting for you. It may only be a matter of  months.  Look at my arms! That's what's going to happen to you unless you  let me help you.  And the little ones. What's going to happen to them after you've  gone, after you've turned into creatures like Louise? Oh, they'll still  be here, but not for long, because the food's all gone. You've eaten  it. Maybe six months left, that's all,  and then nothing left to eat, nobody left to take care of them. They'll  die, too.  All right, you want a foolie? All right. I dare you, I  double-dare you. Look at the blood on my face. Now look at your hands.  Blood on your hands. Now who's doing the hurting? Not the Grups, it's  you hurting, yelling, maybe killing, just like the Grups you remember  and creatures you're afraid of. You're acting like them, and you're  going to be just like them unless you let me help you. I'm a Grup, and  I want to help you. I'm begging you, let me help you or there won't be  anything left at all. Please. [Laboratory] (with children and communicators) Three hours, eleven minutes  left. Thank you, Lieutenant. Keep this channel open. Clear your  computers. What happened to him?  Look at his face.  Just children, three hundred years old and more. I've already  contacted Space Central. They'll send teachers, advisers.  They'll be all right.  Yes. I never get involved with older women, Yeoman. Mister Spock?    Full ahead. Warp factor one. 
Yes, Doctor. 
No problem, Commissioner. And may I remind you that I have  standing orders to investigate all quasars and quasar-like phenomena  wherever they may be encountered. Besides, it's three days to Makus.  And the rendezvous doesn't take place for five.  No problem. Captain to Galileo. All systems cleared for take off.  [Shuttlecraft] (The NCC1701/7 is in the hangar bay preparing to  launch.)  Launch shuttlecraft.  (The curved doors at the stern of the engineering deck open, and the  little vessel heads out into space) [Shuttlecraft] Anything at all?  Try and get me a fix on the Galileo.  That thing out there has ionized this complete sector. None of  our instruments work. At least four complete solar systems in the  immediate vicinity. And out there somewhere, a twenty four foot  shuttlecraft, off course, out of control. Finding a needle in a  haystack would be child's play. Captain's Log, stardate 2821.7. The electromagnetic  phenomenon known as Murasaki Three Twelve whirls like some angry blight  in space, a depressive reminder that seven shipmates still have not  been heard from. Equally bad, the effect has rendered our normal  searching systems useless. Without them, we are blind and almost  helpless. [Bridge] (A Yeoman is delivering cups of coffee)  I'm aware of that, Commissioner. At the same time I have certain  scientific duties I must perform, and investigating the Murasaki effect  is one.  We have two days to find them.  What would you have me do, turn around and leave them there?  Thank you, Lieutenant. Mister Sulu.  Set course for Taurus Two.  If they're not there, Commissioner, then they're dead by now. [Shuttlecraft] (Shuttlecraft Galileo appears to have landed in one  piece in a rocky landscape. It's contents have been rather shaken about  and many are holding their heads.)  Mister Sulu.  Anything on your scanners?  Have you tried tying in to the auxiliary power?  Transport room, this is the captain speaking. Are the  transporters beaming up yet?  Thank you. This is the captain speaking. Flight deck, prepare  Columbus for immediate exit, for a search of the planet surface.  Correlate co-ordinates with Mister Sulu. Thank you. Anything, Uhura?  We have until 2823.8 to continue the search, Commissioner.  Look, these people are my friends and my shipmates. I intend to  continue the ship's search for them until the last possible moment.  I'm familiar with the regulations, Commissioner. I know all about  your authority. Launch shuttlecraft Columbus. [Outside the shuttlecraft] (Spock is scanning one of it's small nacelles when  McCoy comes out to join him.)  Have them proceed to the next quadrant. Any word from engineering  on our sensors?  What about the transporters?  Thank you, Lieutenant.  Yes, Commissioner?  I haven't forgotten, Commissioner.  I haven't forgotten that, Commissioner. This is the captain. Try  using overload power on the transporters. We've got to get them  working.  Uhura, order the Columbus to open its course two degrees on every  lap from now on.  It also means we have a fighting chance to cover the majority of  the planet's surface. Mind your helm, Mister Sulu.  Good. This is the captain. Landing parties one, two, and three,  report to transporter room for immediate beaming down to surface of the  planet. Ordinance condition One A.  I'm depending on luck, Lieutenant. It's almost the only tool we  have that'll work. [Rocks] (Gaetano has worked himself up into a panic when a  rock knocks his phaser out of his hand. Then a spear is thrown, and  finally the giant creature comes for the helpless man)  (Spock, Boma and McCoy arrive on the scene a little later, and examine  the marks in the ground. Spock picks up the dropped phaser)  What word from the sensor section?  I'm not interested in the last report. I want to know now.  I'm perfectly aware of how much time I have left.  You do that.  What about radio communication?  Do? I intend to continue the search. Foot by foot, inch by inch,  by candlelight if necessary, until the last possible moment. And if  you'd keep your nose off my bridge, I'd be thankful.  I'm in command here, Mister Ferris.  (going to Spock's station) Put Lieutenant Kelowitz on visual.  Report.  There are casualties?  Thank you, Lieutenant. You'd better report to Sickbay yourself.  But they're still out there.  The Columbus hasn't returned yet. I still have two search parties  out.  Lieutenant.  Order the transporter room to immediately beam up the two search  parties from the surface. Attempt to contact the Columbus.  Then have them return immediately. Mister Sulu, prepare to  abandon search. Set course for Makus Three. Captain's log, supplement. The search parties have  returned to the ship, and the Columbus is on its way back. I have been  compelled to abandon the search. [Bridge] What about the other systems?  Stand ready, Mister Sulu. How long before the Columbus comes on  board?  Twenty three minutes. [Shuttlecraft] Mister Sulu, proceed on course for Makus Three, at space normal  speed.  Those are my orders. Lieutenant Uhura, order all sensor sections  to direct beams aft. Full function, continuous operation until further  orders.  Sensors, a meteorite?  A hundred and eighty degrees about, Mister Sulu. Lieutenant  Uhura, contact transporter room. All beams ready. Full normal speed. [Shuttlecraft] Activate beams.  (Our last view inside Galileo is of lots of smoke, then transporter  beams)  Mister Sulu, proceed on course to Makus Three. Ahead warp factor  one.  Mister Spock.  There's really something I don't understand about all of this.  Maybe you can explain it to me. Logically, of course.  When you jettisoned the fuel and ignited it, you knew there was  virtually no chance of it being seen, yet you did it anyhow. That would  seem to me to be an act of desperation.  Now we all know, and I'm sure the doctor will agree with me, that  desperation is a highly emotional state of mind. How does your  well-known logic explain that?  I see. You mean you reasoned that it was time for an emotional  outburst.  You're not going to admit that for the first time in your life,  you committed a purely human emotional act?  Mister Spock, you're a stubborn man. 
Sam Cogley had gone a shore to bring Jamie Finney on board.  We felt Jamie's  presence would make Finney easier to handle in the event Finney really  were alive.  Ben Finney.  Beaten and sobbing, Finney told me where he had sabotaged  the prime energy circuits. [Jefferies tube] The damage he'd caused was considerable,  but not irreparable. With luck, I would be able to effect repairs  before our orbit decayed completely.  (For repairs, read pulling cables out of junction boxes.)  [Bridge]
This is the Captain. On voice  command, you will override all contrary  instructions. Voice command, disengage from helm. 
Anything from the landing party?  A kink in my back. (behind his back the Yeoman starts to massage  it) That's it. A little higher, please. Push. Push hard. Dig it in  there, Mister  (Spock steps forward and Kirk realises who is massaging his lower back)    Thank you, Yeoman. That's sufficient.  I have enough of that from Doctor McCoy, Yeoman. Thank you.  Have Doctor McCoy's report channeled to my quarters, Lieutenant.  Captain's log. Stardate 3025 er, point 3. We are orbiting an  uninhabited planet in the Omicron Delta region. A planet remarkably  like Earth, or how we remember Earth to be. Park-like, beautiful,  green, flowers, trees, green lawn, quiet and restful. Almost too good  to be true.  I may be tired, Yeoman, but I'm not falling apart. Dismissed.  Mister Spock, we're beaming down the starboard section first.  Which section would you like to go with?  Kirk here.  Yes. Open a channel, Uhura.  I hadn't planned to, Bones. Why? [Glade] Explain.  [Glade] That's pretty good. I got one for you. The rabbit was followed by  a little blonde girl, right? [Glade] All right, Doctor, I'll take your report under consideration.  Captain out. That's a McCoy pill, with a little mystery sugar-coating.  He wants to get me down there. I'm afraid I won't swallow it.  Yes, Mister Spock, what is it?  That's much too low a rating.  A crewman's right ends where the safety of the ship begins. That  man will go a shore on my orders. What's his name?  Rodriguez, Teller, everything all right?  Good. That should be sufficient. Beam it up to Mister Spock when  you're ready, and start enjoying yourselves.  Thank you.  (Walking along)  Restful. After what we've been through, it's hard to believe a  place this beautiful exists.  McCoy! McCoy!  Bones, know any good rabbit jokes lately?  Footprints. Could be a rabbit. It would have to be an unusual  creature to make this size tracks. What about Mister Sulu? Will he  confirm what you saw?  Bridge, this is the Captain.  Has the first shore party beamed down yet?  Get this message to all shore parties. Stand by. No one is to  leave the ship.  You're the doctor, Doctor. Can you explain this?  Neither can I. I admit it looks harmless. It probably is  harmless. But before I bring my people down here, I want proof it's  harmless.  (They hear a gunshot. Kirk draws his phaser and they head off in the  direction of the shot. More are fired.)  [Woodland path] (They find Sulu target practising)  What do you think you're doing?  Where did you get it, Mister Sulu?  (holding out his hand for the offending weapon) Mister Sulu.  I'll hang on to it. The fresh air seems to have made you  trigger-happy.  Are you sure our instruments didn't show any animal life on this  planet?  I'd like to believe this is an elaborate gag, but. Yeoman  Barrows, you accompany Mister Sulu. Find out where those tracks came  from. Doctor, you come with me back to the glade. I'd like another look  at that area.  (As they head back, an aerial comes up in front of our point of view  and follows them.)  This is turning out to be one very unusual shore leave.  How?  What's the matter, Bones, you getting a persecution complex?  I know the feeling very well. I had it at the Academy. An upper  classman there. One practical joke after another, and always on me. My  own personal devil. A guy by the name of Finnegan.  Serious? I'll make a confession, Bones. I was absolutely grim,  which delighted Finnegan no end. He's the kind of guy to put a bowl of  cold soup in your bed or a bucket of water propped on a half-open door.  You never knew where he'd strike next. More tracks. Looks like your  rabbit came from over there.  Yes. You follow the rabbit. I'll backtrack the girl. I'll meet  you around the other side of the hill.  Finnegan? I can't believe it.  All right, let's try that one again. Go!  (He just lays hands on Finnegan for a good fight, when they hear  screams. Kirk runs off to investigate)  Yeoman Barrows.  (They arrive on the scene to find Tonia disheveled, her uniform torn,  hugging a tree)  What happened?  Who was?  Barrows, give me a report.  Are you sure you're not imagining all this?  Mister Sulu was with you. Where is he now?  Stay with her, Doctor.  (He heads off in the direction she indicates)  Mister Sulu! Sulu!  (An aerial comes up from a rock and monitors him as he runs along the  path)  Mister Sulu! Sulu! [Rocky outcrop] (The Captain runs across a barren piece of ground  towards a rocky outcrop, which suddenly gains palms and banana plants  when he gets there.)  Sulu!  (He picks an orange flower, and becomes wistful. And there she is,  blonde and lovely, her dress half white, half black and roses.)  Ruth? Ruth.  (into communicator) McCoy, do you read me?  Ruth. Ruth, how can it be you? How could you possibly be here? You  haven't aged. It's been fifteen years.  Kirk here.  What?  No, but I'm sure he's all right.  Yes, I'm fine.  Yes, Mister Rodriguez.  Don't you like birds, Mister Rodriguez?  Mister Rodriguez, have the search parties rendezvous at the  glade. I'd like some answers to all this.  I don't want to.  You haven't told me. You haven't told me  Ruth.  (communicator beeps)  Kirk here.  Yes, Mister Spock. [Bridge] Specify.  Can you pinpoint the source? [Bridge] Keep me posted, Mister Spock. We'll continue  our investigation down here. Captain out.  (He walks off) [Woodland path] (Meanwhile, back at the tree where Tonia met Don  Juan, something is monitoring them. The couple go walking arm in arm  through the tropical plants.)  First there was McCoy's Alice in Wonderland  where there was supposedly no animal life. And Sulu's gun where there's  no refined metal detected. Rodriguez' birds. And then my, well, the two  people I saw. [Bridge] One hallucination flattened me with a clout  on the jaw. [Bridge] Yes.  McCoy. McCoy, do you read me? Kirk to McCoy.  Come in.  (Sulu comes running over the rocks towards him)  A what?  I do. I've met some interesting personalities myself. Have you  seen any of the others while I've been gone?  I hope he got through to everybody. Communications are almost out.  Trying to. Something's obstructing it. (finally the familiar  shape fully materialises) Mister Spock, my orders were no one was to  leave the ship.  Good. We can use your help.  Until we can find out what this is all about. [Glade] That way. Spread out. Let's find it. [Glade] (A knight in armour on a black horse has appeared,  and is coming towards them.)  No.  Yeoman! We're in trouble. I need every crewman alert and thinking.  Neither do I, Mister Sulu, but before we leave this planet, I  will.  Tricorder?  Mister Spock. (Spock and Sulu swap places, handing over the  tricorder) What do you make of that?  I want an exact judgment, Mister Spock.  Are you saying this is a plant, Mister Spock?  By who? And why? And why these particular things?  McCoy's body?  Spock?  McCoy's death is a scientific fact.  I was, I was thinking about the Academy. My days  Finnegan. Finnegan! What's been happening to my people?  (Finnegan laughs and runs off)  Take Sulu. Find McCoy's body. This man is my problem.  That's an order, Mister Spock.  (He runs off after Finnegan)  I want some answers.  Can you feel that?  (He gets kicked to the ground)  Finnegan. One thing  Answers.  A lot of things. What's been happening to my people?  I'm not a plebe. This is today, fifteen years later. What are you  doing here?  Yes, I enjoyed it. After all these years. (realisation dawns) I  did enjoy it. The one thing I wanted to do after all these years was to  beat the tar out of Finnegan.  That we're all meeting people and things that we happen to be  thinking about at the moment.  Dangerous if we happen to be thinking about  Difficult.  Spock.  (The tiger is behind them, the chain around it's neck tethering it to  the spot clearly visible)  We've got to get back to the landing party and warn them.  (They start to run back to the glade. The aircraft strafe them, Kirk  elbows the Samurai out of his way) [Glade] (Tonia has changed back into her uniform when Don  Juan sneaks up behind her and grabs her, warding off Sulu and Rodriquez  with his sword)  Sulu, Rodriguez, Barrows. Front and centre.  (Don Juan runs off)  Don't ask any questions, Sulu. Face front, everyone. Don't talk.  Don't breathe. Don't think. You're at attention. Concentrate on that  and only that. Concentrate.  Who are you?  You know my name?  Amuse? That's your word for what we've been through?  Yes, play, Mister Sulu. The more complex the mind, the greater  the need for the simplicity of play.  But that still doesn't explain the death of my ship's surgeon.  You say your people built all this. Who are you? What planet are  you from?  Kirk here.  No, everything is in order, Lieutenant. Stand by.  Lieutenant.  Commence transporting shore leave parties. Tell them to prepare  for the best shore leave they've ever had. Kirk out.  No, Mister Spock. I'll go. You. (then he sees Ruth walking  towards the group) On the other hand, I'll stay for a day or two. [Bridge] Yes, we did, Mister Spock. I think we did.  Ahead warp factor one, Mister Sulu. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Forward readings, Mister Spock.  Ahead warp factor three, Mister Sulu. Colony Beta Six wants their  supplies. Let's get across this void in a hurry.  Sunlight, palm trees. We're nine hundred light years from that  kind of desert, Bones.  Something, Mister Spock?  Can you verify that, Navigator?  Put it on visual.  (A purple globe appears on the viewscreen)  And yet, here it is. No time to investigate. Science stations,  gather data for computer banks. Uhura, notify the discovery on subspace  radio.  Let's get out of its range. Veer forty degrees to starboard,  Mister Sulu.  Sulu!  (He dashes to Sulu's station, then suddenly stops and disappears too)  What happened? Fill me in.  I'm Captain James Kirk of the United Starship Enterprise.  Who are you? Where do you come from?  General Trelane, retired. At your service, sirs. My home is your home.  (He goes back to his playing)  Then you've been looking in on the doings nine hundred years  past.  General Trelane.  For what purpose have you imprisoned us here?  Our missions are peaceful, not for conquest. When we do battle,  it is only because we have no choice.  I must ask you to let us go back to our ship.  Not yet. Put it on stun, not to kill, DeSalle.  This is Mister DeSalle, our navigator. Doctor McCoy, our medical  officer. Mister Sulu, our helmsman, and Carl Jaeger, meteorologist.  Who will you start with, my crew? Are we your next targets?  That's correct.  Like the transporter system aboard the Enterprise.  This drawing room, did you create it by rearranging matter on  this planet?  I see. How did you manage  Come on, let's go. We're getting out of here.  Not alive?  Fire without heat, mistaking all this for present day Earth  without taking into account the time differential. Whatever we're  dealing with,  he certainly isn't all knowledgeable. He makes mistakes.  Trelane, we haven't planned  If your admiration is genuine, you must have respect for our  sense of duty too. Our ship has need of us. We have tasks to perform.  For how long?  Until what is over?  Trelane, even if we wanted to stay, our companions are missing  us.  There are four hundred men and women aboard that ship.  (grabbing his arm) No.  This game has gone on long enough. Those are crucial operating  personnel. You can't  It means, Trelane, the party's over, thanks to Mister Spock.  Everyone to stations. Report, Mister Spock.  How were our scanners able to penetrate that radiation field?  Prepare to warp out of here at once. Maximum speed. [Bridge] Scotty, we're going to need every ounce of your engines. We're  going to put a hundred million miles between us and that madman.  Trelane.  On the contrary. I commend his action.  Get off my ship.  We're not going anywhere.  DeSalle.  (Trelane 'stops' him)  Trelane, let him go.  (he does, and Sulu grabs DeSalle)  This is General Trelane.  Lieutenant Uhura of communications.  No doubt.  (holding Trelane back) Yeoman Teresa Ross. I believe you have met  our science officer Mister Spock.  Until we can think our way out. Meanwhile, we accept his  hospitality.  You don't find this unexpected, Mister Spock?  And if he's fallible, he can't be all powerful. Which means he  has something helping him.  A machine? A device? Something which does these things for him.  That mirror. It's part of his audience, his ego. He never wanders  from it.  Explain.  What about it?  No, no, Mister Spock, that's not the reason. What kind of a  machine could do these things?  Good. I agree. That leaves me free  .  If I'm not mistaken, Mister Spock, I think I can turn his lights  off at the source. (raises his voice) Don't be too upset by what you  see, gentlemen. After all, his actions are those of an immature,  unbalanced mind.  You only heard part of it. I just started.  Yes. I want you to leave my crewmen alone. I want you to leave my  crewwomen alone too. (to Ross) You're not to dance with him. I don't  like it.  (removing one of her long gloves) I don't want you accepting his  gifts, either.  I don't care what you believe, just keep your hands off her!  I've had enough of your insulting attentions to her.  If it's fighting that you want, (slaps Trelane) you may have it.  If you have the courage.  Are you ready?  Enough talk. Let's get on with it.  We shoot together.  All right.  Try to contact the ship.  Go on, Trelane. Look at it. It's over. Your power is blanked out.  You're finished.  Trelane! Everyone, we're getting out of here. Now. This is the  Captain. Commence beaming up. Maximum speed. [Bridge] (The men are already at their posts when the women  arrive, and Yeoman Ross hasn't even got changed yet)  Set course for Colony Beta Six.  Full power acceleration from orbit, Mister Scott.  Emergency warp at the earliest possible moment, Mister Sulu.  Not yet. They may trace our beam. Wait until we're well out of  range.  We can take an educated guess. At the point we entered their  solar system.  Good.  Yes, I think you might. Turn in your glass slippers. The ball is  over.  Hard to believe it ever happened.  Hard to port, Mister Sulu.  Gothos? Mister Sulu, have we been going in circles?  Hard over, Mister Sulu.  With us as the mouse.  Ninety degrees to starboard, Mister Sulu.  Ninety degrees sub-port, Mister Sulu. Adjust.  Decelerate into orbit. Prepare transporter room.  Yes, I am, Doctor McCoy. I am going to see our playful Mister  Trelane and whatever it takes to make him give up our ship. Stand by  communications. Mister Spock. If you don't receive a message from me  within the hour, leave the vicinity at once. No turning back. [Courtroom] (The bright drawing-room is now an austere  courtroom, with Trelane as the gowned and be-wigged judge)  Trelane.  I've had enough of your games.  I haven't come to plead in your court, Trelane.  I've come for one purpose. To get back my ship.  We've made you angry with our will to survive, haven't we?  Then vent your anger on me alone. I was the one who led the  others. I was the one who shot out your mirror machine.  I took that chance. I'm willing to pay the price for chancing  wrong.  Yes, anything! Just allow the Enterprise to continue its journey.  You pompous  Those people have done you no harm.  We're living beings, not playthings for your amusement.  I'm glad you weren't disappointed.  Trelane, if you think I'm going to cheerfully and obediently  stick my head in that noose  That's your problem, Trelane. Everything is easy. It's given you  a bad habit. You're not aware of it, but you have it. You don't think,  Trelane. That's your problem. You miss opportunities, like your anger  before and mine right now. Oh, you enjoy it, but you couldn't have  accomplished it without me, and you know why? Because you're a  bumbling, inept fool.  Here you have an opportunity to experience something really  unique, and you're wasting it. You want to commit murder? Go ahead, but  where's the sport in a simple hanging?  Yes. The terror of murder. The suspense. The fun.  A personal conflict between us. Not like the duel before, but the  real thing. The stakes, a human life. Mine.  That's the idea.  Yes, but you can do better than that. There's still not enough  sport in just killing me with a sword.  It strikes me very well. But you'll have to make it worth my  while, Trelane. Why not up the stakes?  Yes. While we're playing our game, free my ship. Let it continue  on its way. In return, I'll give you a contest you'll remember.  Let me notify the Enterprise that it can go.  Enterprise. Enterprise, can you hear me?  (Kirk takes an opportunity to get Trelane's sword off him, but when he  takes a swing at his foe he just disappears and reappears again)  Enterprise. Enterprise.  Remember, Trelane. You promised to let my ship go.  You haven't won, Trelane.  But you haven't won anything.  No! Does it still taste as sweet?  But I'm not defeated.  You've got a lot to learn about winning, Trelane.  In fact, you've got a lot to learn about everything, haven't you?    (Kirk slaps his face)  Who are you? Who is Trelane?  Captain to Enterprise. Captain to Enterprise.  Beam me up, Mister Spock. We're free to go. [Bridge] Normal orbit approach procedures, Mister Sulu.  Mister Spock. Still thinking about Trelane, is that it?  God of war, Mister Spock.  Then a small boy, and a very naughty one at that.  Then he was a very strange small boy. One the other hand, he was  probably doing things comparable to the same mischievous pranks you  played when you were a boy.  Yes. Dipping little girls' curls in inkwells. Stealing apples  from the neighbours' trees. Tying cans on  (He's stopped by the look of horrified incredulity on Spock's face.)  Forgive me, Mister Spock. I should have known better. 
Who is this, the Metron?  All right. What do you want?  Like you were at Cestus Three?  You butchered helpless human beings 
We should have intercepted by now. The Bridge said they'd call.  Have I ever mentioned you play a very irritating game of chess,  Mister Spock?  Certain you don't know what irritation is?  Terrible having bad blood like that.  KELSO [on monitor] Bridge to briefing lounge. Object is now within  tractor beam range.  No visual contact, Mister Kelso?  Lock onto it, Mister Kelso.  [Transporter room] Bring it aboard. Old-style ship recorder that could be ejected  when something threatened the ship.  Let's hope its tapes are intact. We'll feed it through Mister  Spock's computer.  Flash the Bridge. Put all decks on the alert.  [Turbolift] Getting into shape?  Screen on.  Neutralise warp, Mister Mitchell. Hold this position.  Address intercraft.  This is the Captain speaking. The object we encountered is a  ship's disaster recorder, apparently ejected from the S.S. Valiant two  hundred years ago.  We hope to learn from the recorder what the Valiant was doing  here and what destroyed the vessel. We'll move out into our probe as  soon as we have those answers. All decks, stand by.  The old impulse engines weren't strong enough.  Extrasensory perception. Doctor Dehner, how are you on ESP?  I'm asking what you know about ESP.  Comments?  That's probably the best argument to continue the probe. Other  vessels will be heading out here someday and they'll have to know what  they'll be facing. We're leaving the galaxy, Mister Mitchell. Ahead,  warp factor one.  Gravitation on automatic. (consoles blow up) Emergency stations.  All decks on fire alert. Neutralise controls. Kelso, put it on manual.  Any radiation? Anything?  Helmsmen, take us out of here. (Dehner gets hit by an electric  charge, then Mitchell) Helmsmen! (Kirk takes controls) Lateral power!  (Spock takes over, Enterprise veers away) Take damage reports.  Gary. Gary, are you all right?  And you, are you feeling all right?  You mentioned that tests show you have a high degree of  extrasensory perception. So do the records of the others. Gary Mitchell  has the highest esper rating of all.  Do we know for sure, Doctor, that there isn't another kind?  [Sickbay] I've been worried about you ever since that night on Deneb IV.  Do you feel any different?  How?  I wasn't that bad, was I?  You what? You planned that?  I almost married her!  (looks at monitor) You? Spinoza?  Go on.  I'm going to ask Doctor Dehner to keep you under observation for  a while.  Consider it a challenge.  Put a twenty four hour watch on the Sickbay. Fullest possible  range of examinations and tests. [Sickbay] That's enough, Doctor.  It is my duty, whether pleasant or unpleasant, to listen to the  reports, observations, even speculations, on any subject that might  affect the safety of this vessel, and it's my science officer's duty to  see I'm provided with that. Go ahead, Mister Spock.  Mister Scott, would you repeat what you just told us?  Are they right, Doctor? Has he shown abilities of such magnitude?    And you didn't think it worth mentioning?  Mister Sulu.  There'll be no discussion of this with the crew. Thank you.  (everyone else leaves)  I need a recommendation, Spock, not vague warnings.  And if we can't? We'll be trapped in orbit there. We haven't  enough power to blast back out.  If you mean strand Mitchell there, I won't do it. That station is  fully automated. There's not a soul on the whole planet. Even the ore  ships call only once every twenty years.  Get out of here.  Will you try for one moment to feel? At least act like you've got  a heart. We're talking about Gary.  Set course for Delta Vega.  Star date 1313.1. We're now approaching Delta Vega.  Course set for a standard orbit. This planet, completely uninhabited,  is slightly smaller than Earth. Desolate, but rich in crystal and  minerals. Kelso's task, transport down with a repair party, try to  regenerate the main engines, save the ship. Our task, transport down a  man I've known for fifteen years, and if we're successful, maroon him  there.  [Sickbay] Are you reading all our thoughts, Gary?  What would you do in my place?  I want him unconscious for a while. (Dehner sedates him) [Transporter room] Energise.  [Planet surface] Can you do it, Lee?  Take him.  Nobody but us chickens, Doctor.  [Delta Vega Control room] The fuel bins, Lee. Could they be detonated from here?  Do it.  Doctor Piper. I want only one medical officer  here at any one time. The other will monitor him on the dispensary  screen.  And almost died. I remember.  You've been testing your ability to take over the Enterprise. In  the transporter room, you said something about us  seeming like insects by comparison, squashing us if we got in your way.    Yes. In the Sickbay, you said if you were in my place, you'd kill  a mutant like yourself.  Gary. Gary, don't!  His eyes went back to normal.  I didn't order any (Spock enters with rifle) Affirmative. Landing  party out.  Doctor Dehner feels he isn't that dangerous. What makes you right  and a trained psychiatrist wrong?  If Mitchell gets out, at your discretion, Lee, if sitting here,  you think you're the last chance, I want you to hit that button.  Captain's log, Star date 1313.3. Note commendations  on Lieutenant Kelso and the engineering staff. In orbit above us,  the engines of the Enterprise are almost fully regenerated. Balance of  the landing party is being transported back up.  Mitchell, whatever he's become, keeps changing, growing stronger by the  minute.  [Delta Vega Brig] Have Doctor Piper meet us in the control room with Kelso. We'll  all transport up together.  Kelso will be on the destruct button until the last minute. I  think he knows that.  You're leaving with the ship, Doctor.  I gave you an order, Doctor.  Doctor Dehner?  Don't give him a pill until after I'm gone. It's my fault  Mitchell got as far as he did. Did you see their direction?  When Mister Spock recovers, you'll both transport up immediately  to the Enterprise.  If you have not received a signal from me within twelve hours,  you'll proceed at maximum warp to the nearest Earth base  with my recommendation that this entire planet be subjected to a lethal  concentration of neutron radiation. No protest on this, Mark. That's an  order.  [Planet surface] You must help me Before it goes too far.  And for humanity? You're still human  At least partly, you are, or you wouldn't be here talking to me.  What will Mitchell learn in getting there? Will he know what to  do with his power? Will he acquire the wisdom?  Did you hear him joke about compassion? Above all else, a god  needs compassion. Mitchell! Elizabeth.  Then let's talk about humans, about our frailties. As powerful as  he gets, he'll have all that inside him.  You were a psychiatrist once. You know the ugly, savage things we  all keep buried, that none of us dare expose. But he'll dare. Who's to  stop him? He doesn't need to care. Be a psychiatrist for one minute  longer. What do you see happening to him? What's your prognosis,  Doctor?  Then watch him. Hang on to being a human for one minute longer.  A god, but still driven by human frailty. Do you like what you  see?  To you? Not to both of you?  There'll only be one of you in the end. One jealous god. if all  this makes a god, or is it making you something else?  Do you like what you see? Absolute power corrupting absolutely.  (Dehner zaps Mitchell, he returns fire, she continues and his eyes  return to normal)  Gary, forgive me.  (Mitchell's eyes glow again)  Enterprise from Captain Kirk, come in.  [Bridge] Captain's log, Star date 1313.8. Add to  official losses, Doctor Elizabeth Dehner. Be it noted she gave her life  in performance of her duty. Lieutenant Commander Gary Mitchell, same  notation. I want his service record to end that way. He didn't ask for  what happened to him.  I believe there's some hope for you after all, Mister Spock. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Well, Mister Spock?  Photographic section, begin scanning. Tie in to visual section  988-TG, computer bank 22. Kirk out.  About four more orbits ought to do it, Mister Lesley. That'll wrap it  up. Lay in a course for Starbase 200.  Mister Spock!  What was that?  I want facts, not poetry.  That's impossible. What you're describing  All stations to immediate alert status. Stand by.  You just did a complete life survey five minutes ago. How are you  just picking it up now?  Well, what is it, this object? Its physical makeup?  And its appearance coincided with this cosmic winking-out?  SPOCK; Almost to the second.  Explanation.  Speculation. Could this being present any danger to the ship?  Lieutenant Uhura, notify Security to have an armed detachment of  men ready to beam down with us. Let's go. Any word comes through from  Starfleet Command, pipe it down immediately. Communications, priority  one.  Captain's log, stardate 3087.6. While investigating  an uncharted planet, the Enterprise and at least this entire quadrant  of space, has been subjected to violent, unexplained stress and force.  Sensors have reported the presence of a human being on the planet below  who might be connected with the phenomenon. With my first officer and a  security team, I have set out in search of him.  [Planet surface] (Kirk, Spock and four armed red-shirts arrive on a  rocky terrain with a few scrubby bushes. They walk on a little way  until they spot a strange craft on the ground. A one-man flying saucer  with a perspex dome cockpit. As they reach it, a man calls out from a  ridge.)  Yes.  You have a talent for understatement, Lieutenant. Without full  crystal power, our orbit will begin to decay in ten hours. Re-amplify  immediately.  Any further magnetic disturbance?  Nothing?  Keep checking.  Repeat.  Invasion status. All hands, this is the Captain. Battle stations.  I repeat, battle stations. This is no drill.  Kirk here.  Yes, Doctor, quickly.  I'll talk to him later. Thank you. Kirk out.  Kirk here. Enterprise standing by, Commodore.  Yes, sir.  Thank you, sir. I have considered all the alternatives. My best  guess is it could be a prelude to invasion.  I see. You mean, we're the bait.  Thank you, sir. (transmission ends) Maintain alert status at all  battle stations.  From the top, Mister Spock. First, the phenomenon came from the  planet below. Secondly, the danger is apparently real and imminent.  Yes. Meanwhile, I'll talk to our unexpected guest. Maybe he can  provide some answers. [Kirk's quarters] You say this one man  Thing destroyed your entire civilisation.  How did you escape?  Before we picked you up, our ship sustained a number of  incredible effects.  Is he the thing that attacked you?  We don't have any other facts, any information.  My only cause is the safety of my ship and the mission we're on.  You'll beam down with me and I'll check your story out. [Planet surface] (The flying saucer is being minutely examined)  Spock, find anything?  According to him, there's a creature of some sort down here, a  humanoid.  Let's have it. The truth this time.  (Another one of those 'nebula overlay' events happens, and Lazarus  starts shouting then runs off.)  Can you identify that?  Lazarus! You stay here. All personnel, security red.  Lazarus, what happened?  Let's get out of here.  Let's get back to the ship.  Any luck?  If there's a shred of truth to what Lazarus said  Hard to believe.  But the rest of his story seems to fit. His wounds testify to an  apparent confrontation with something.  Assuming there is a humanoid, a something, how does he do it? He  has no weapons, no power.  You tell me. That's why you brought me down here, isn't it.  Right.  Bones, I've got a lot of things to do. Get to the point.  Where is he?  Lazarus, are you all right?  No. I have a ship's physician with a strange sense of humour.  Go.  Find something?  On my way. Lazarus, you're with me. Bones, if I had time, I'd  laugh. [Bridge] How is it the scanners didn't pick it up before?  Another riddle? First Doctor McCoy, then you?  But it is there.  A what?  What do the crystals have to do with it? All they show us the  point of radiation.  Out of the question. Those crystals are the very heart of the  power of my ship.  How? Now you tell me how. All I've heard is double-talk, lies,  threats, accusations that don't hold water. Now you tell me, how it  presents a danger to my ship?  Don't threaten me, Lazarus.  Fact. You said you needed the crystals. Fact. An hour after you  said you must have them, they were missing. Fact. Two of my crewmen  were attacked.  How'd this beast get aboard my ship?  No. He didn't transport up. A report would've been made.  Sit down. The crystals certainly aren't here. There's an  unexplained radiation source on the planet. Obviously some connection.  We'll check it out. Organise a search party immediately. Mister Lazarus  will beam down with us.  You may not have reason to thank me, depending on what we find. [Planet surface] I believe the missing crystals aren't in your ship. Mister Spock?    Why not? You had it spotted on the Enterprise.  I want every inch of this terrain checked. Look for footprints,  movement, anything. Call out if you spot anything. Don't be afraid to  use your weapons.  (The entire party leave the little spaceship. The Starfleet group  splits into two and take different lines along a rocky outcrop. Lazarus  heads off on his own and has one of his nebula moments. There's a fight  in negative space and then it's over again. Kirk sends his two security  men on ahead, and for some reason Lazarus decides to climb down a cliff  face. He dislodges a rock and it goes tumbling. Lazarus calls out, then  follows it.)  You saved my life down there. I want to thank you.  I have some questions I want to ask you.  It's necessary.  This is a computer report of the evidence you gave at your first  screening. It calls you a liar, Lazarus. For one thing, there's no  planet at the location you said you came from. There never has been. If  you want help from us,  you'd better start telling the truth.  Try us.  I'll have the truth now.  What are you saying?  And this thing you search for is a time traveler, too?  Lazarus, you're hurt. I know. I sympathise, but I've got four  hundred and thirty other men to worry about. Now where are those  crystals?  Dismissed.  (The guard leaves.)  Sometimes pain can drive a man harder than pleasure. I'm sure you  know that, Doctor.  What have we got, Mister Spock? A magnetic  effect which produces a winking-out phenomenon. A mysterious,  unidentified source of radiation on the planet. Lazarus, a walking  powder keg. Your rip in the universe. A so-called murdering humanoid.  But by using those instruments you were unable to identify the  source of the radiation on the planet.  Are the instruments in order?  Then what you say leads obviously to one alternative. The source  of radiation is not from our universe.  Outside? Yes, that would explain a lot. Another universe, perhaps  in another dimension, occupying the same space at the same time.  All right. What would happen if another universe, say a minus  universe, came into contact with a positive universe such as ours?  Which is what we've been experiencing. The point where they come  into contact, couldn't that be described as a hole?  Or what is outside to enter. The invasion that Commodore Barstow  suspected.  But a small scale invasion, Mister Spock. What is your analysis  of the mental state of Lazarus?  Yes, two men. Different, but identical. And a hole in the  universe. No, not a hole, A door.  Take a look at Lazarus. One minute he's at the point of death,  the next he's alive, well, strong as a bull.  Which is physically impossible for one man.  What's going on? This leaping from universe to universe. This  wild talk about a murdering creature who destroys civilisations What's  the purpose?  I don't follow you.  Do you know what you're saying? Matter and antimatter have a  tendency to cancel each other out. violently.  Like Lazarus. Identical. Like both Lazarus', only one is matter  and the other antimatter. If they meet.  Of everything that exists, everywhere. [Corridor] (Lazarus is prowling when he spots a High Voltage  access panel. He opens it, removes a couple of transistors then puts  one back to short it out. He leaves the area as smoke billows forth.)  [Engineering] (Smoke starts to come from the main control  panels.)  All available personnel, on the double. Spock, with me. [Corridor] (Two firefighters in protective gear are entering  Engineering)  Report.  He's probably beaming down with the crystals right now. I'm going  after him. You organise a security detail. Follow me as soon as you  can.  Energise. [Planet surface] Lazarus.  No, him.  Not completely. This is a parallel universe?  Antimatter?  And if identical particles meet  He has two more.  Exactly what did I pass through?  This corridor, is it what caused the magnetic effect, the winking  out phenomenon?  And the universe is safe.  Surely Lazarus must realise what would happen if you should meet  face to face outside the corridor.  So you're the terrible thing, the murdering monster. The  creature.  I understand. What do you want me to do?  You can't hold him forever.  If I destroy his ship, won't yours also be destroyed?  And your door will be closed.  You'll be trapped inside that corridor with him forever. At each  other's throats throughout time.  I'm ready.  Stand back.  (But Lazarus has him in a bear hug, and they struggle together for a  while until Kirk finally gets the upper-hand again.)  I must destroy that ship completely.  And what of Lazarus? [Bridge] Activate phaser banks.  Stand by to fire.  (The bright dot appears on the planet surface.)  Fire phasers.  (A sustained burst hits the little saucer, while the two Lazarus'  wrestle in non-space. Finally it disappears.)  All right, Mister Lesley, let's get out of here. Ahead warp  factor one.  Everything's all right, Mister Spock, for us.  There is, of course, no escape. How would it be? Trapped forever  with a raging madman at your throat until time itself came to a stop?  For eternity. How would it be?  For you and me. But what of Lazarus? What of Lazarus? <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
What is it, Scotty?  Kirk to Enterprise.  I want you to keep him in the  transporter room. No sense in letting him see more of the ship than is  necessary. 
Status report. 
Nothing yet, Lieutenant?  Nothing yet, Ambassador. We're awaiting a reply. Today's the  first time we've had any evidence they've picked up our signal.  Are you sure?  Code seven-ten means under no circumstances are we to approach  that planet. No circumstances what so ever.  Mister Fox, it is their planet.  By disregarding code seven-ten, you might well involve us in an  interplanetary war.  You are. I'm thinking about this ship, my crew.  Yes, Mister Spock. This is the Captain. Condition Yellow Alert.  Phaser crews stand by. Deflector shields up. We're going in.  Peacefully, I hope. But peacefully or not, we're going in.  Captain's log, stardate 3192.5. Now in standard  orbit around planet Eminiar Seven. My orders are clear. We must  establish diplomatic relations at all cost. Preparing to beam down to  planet surface.  [Bridge] Anything else?  Not alone. I'm taking some security people with me.  I can't risk beaming you down there until I know what kind of  reception you're going to receive. Your safety is my responsibility.  Those are my orders, sir. Mister Spock.  What co-ordinates?  Final sensor readings?  Ship's defences?  Good. Landing party will pick up phaser number one's from the  arsenal. Keep them inconspicuous. Mister Scott.  The ship is yours. Take care of her until I come back.  We'll do our best. Let's go. [Eminiar Seven] (A young woman in black tights and a skillfully  draped scarf is accompanied by two guards. She uses a scanning device.)    I'm Captain James T. Kirk of the starship Enterprise,  representing the United Federation of Planets.  Yes?  I had orders to come here. Why did your people tell us to stay  away?  I see no danger here.  I'm Captain Kirk. This is my first officer, Mister Spock,  Lieutenants Galloway, Osborne, Yeoman Tamula.  My mission is to establish diplomatic relations between your  people and mine.  Would you mind telling me why?  You're still at war?  You conceal it very well. Mister Spock?  To say the least.  Don't you take shelter?  What is it?  Do you hear any explosions, Mister Spock?  Mea, if this is an attack, may I ask what weapons the enemy is  using?  Kirk to Bridge. Scotty?  Scanners operative on the planet's surface?  Anything unusual?  Thank you. Kirk out. [War Room] Sir, I have been in contact with my ship, which has had this  entire planet under surveillance. All during this so-called attack of  yours,  we have been monitoring you. There's been no attack, no explosions, no  radiations, no disturbances whatsoever. If this is some sort of game  you're playing  Computer don't kill a half million people.  To report?  You mean to tell me your people just walk into a disintegration  machine when they're told to?  What has happened?  We require a great deal. I wish to speak to Anan Seven.  He'll have more casualty lists than he knows what to do with if  he doesn't get in here and talk to me.  Your duty doesn't include stepping into a disintegrator and  disappearing.  Is that all it means to you? To report and die?  Then how can you stand  No, I don't see that at all.  Yes. Anan Seven. [Bridge] Good news, Mister Scott. The Eminians have agreed to the  establishment of full normal diplomatic relations.  They've also extended an invitation to all personnel to come  ashore, for shore leave. They've assured me that our people will have a  wonderful time.  Are you sure you can do it, Mister Spock?  Do your best.  (Spock goes to the door and begins to slowly work his way across it.  Outside, the guard starts to blink and shake his head. Spock reaches  the place directly behind the guard and looks as if he is doing a mind  meld through the wall. Slowly, the guard opens the door and enters. He  is swiftly disarmed and knocked out.)  Thank you, Mister Spock.  We get our communicators back and try and contact the ship.  Mister Spock, we'll need more weapons.  We'll try to take it easy, but if we're forced to kill  (As holder of the only gun, Kirk leads the way into the corridors of  the city.)  [Corridor] (At a junction, they watch as first a young woman,  then a security guard go into a booth.)  A disintegration machine.  Mea. What do you think you're doing?  You're not going in there.  No you're not.  Mister Spock, that guard. I'll cover you.  (Spock walks nonchalantly up to the guard in charge of disintegrating  the waiting queue of people.)  All right, you people, clear out of the way.  (Kirk fires at the booth.)  Throwing a monkey wrench into the machinery.  I've done it. (The booth finally blows up.) Come on, let's get  out of here. [Council Room] The last place they'll look for us is the place we escaped from.  (gives her a gun) Cover the door.  Are you that anxious to die?  Mister Spock, how did that little raid work out?  Will it reach the ship?  Work on it. We've got to contact the ship. Mea, I want you to  give me a complete layout of this building complex. How do I get to the  War Room?  Now listen to me. I'm trying to help you. To save your life and  the lives of millions like you. If you help me, maybe I can do it. If  you don't, you'll die,  we'll die, and the killing will go on. Or are you that fond of the war?    We're going to try and stop the killing. We're trying to help.  Believe me.  Tell me what I want to know. Please. [Council Room] I didn't come to drink.  A very efficient weapon. I'm not afraid of using it.  I am?  We're less cold-blooded about it than you are.  I want to contact my ship. Where are my communicators?  You take a lot of chances, Councilman.  If I were you, I'd think about saving my life.  I'm not interested in discussing our differences. You don't seem  to realise the risk you're taking. We don't make war with computers and  herd the casualties into suicide stations. We make the real thing,  Councilman. I could destroy this planet.  I don't need the ship for that.  That's exactly what I mean.  You seem to think I'm joking. Where are the communicators?  Something like that.  My people are not responsible for your agreements.  That seems to frighten you.  Yes. You're quite right.  I'm a barbarian. You said it yourself.  Oh, no. You were quite accurate. I plan to prove it to you. ANAN:  Open a channel to the Enterprise. You give me no choice, Captain. We  are not bandits, but you force us to act as bandits.  Scotty, General Order Twenty Four. Two hours! In two hours!  All that it means is that I won't be around for the destruction.  You heard me give General Order Twenty Four. That means in two hours  the Enterprise will destroy Eminiar Seven.  I didn't start it, Councilman, but I'm liable to finish it.  (Meanwhile Spock and his group are moving through the corridors. Fox's  aide gets injured in one weapons exchange so they leave him behind.)  You're wrong. It hasn't begun.  You have less than two hours, Councilman.  Stop it? I'm counting on it. [Bridge] Hold it! Over there. You, over there. Move, move, move.  (Everyone goes over against a wall, while Kirk gets a second weapon and  stands by the council table.)  Now we'll talk.  (Spock and Fox enter.)  No. I need the help. In there, Mister Spock.  (Spock enters the War Room)  Kirk to Enterprise. Come in, Scotty.  Everything's secure here. Maintain position. If everything goes  according to plan, you can beam us up in ten minutes. If you don't hear  from us,  carry out General Order Twenty Four on schedule.  Cross your fingers. Kirk out. Death, destruction, disease,  horror. That's what war is all about, Anan. That's what makes it a  thing to be avoided. You've made it neat and painless. So neat and  painless, you've had no reason to stop it. And you've had it for five  hundred years. Since it seems to be the only way I can save my crew and  my ship, I'm going to end it for you, one way or another. Mister  Ambassador.  Would you mind taking these people out into the corridor and  holding them there.  (to Sar) You. Come with me. Mister Osborne. [War Room] Our communicators, weapons.  (Sar opens a cupboard and Osborne gets them.)  All right, Mister Spock. SPOCK: These are the attack computers,  Captain. That one's defence, that one computes the casualties. They're  all tied in with a subspace transmission unit, which keeps them in  constant contact with their Vendikan counterparts.  Yes, go on.  Good. Get him out of here.  Let's go. [Corridor] Against the wall!  (There is a very satisfying series of explosions.)  Yes, I do. I've given you back the horrors of war. The Vendikans  now assume that you've broken your agreement and that you're preparing  to wage real war with real weapons. They'll want do the same. Only the  next attack they launch will do a lot more than count up numbers in a  computer. They'll destroy cities, devastate your planet. You of course  will want to retaliate. If I were you, I'd start making bombs. Yes,  Councilman, you have a real war on your hands. You can either wage it  with real weapons, or you might consider an alternative. Put an end to  it. Make peace.  All right. It's instinctive. But the instinct can be fought.  We're human beings with the blood of a million savage years on our  hands, but we can stop it. We can admit that we're killers, but we're  not going to kill today. That's all it takes. Knowing that we won't  kill today. Contact Vendikar. I think you'll find that they're just as  terrified, appalled, horrified as you are, that they'll do anything to  avoid the alternative I've given you. Peace or utter destruction. It's  up to you.  Kirk to Enterprise. Scotty?  Cancel implementation of General Order Twenty Four. Alert  transporter room. We're ready to beam up. [Bridge] Lay in a course for Argona Two, Navigator.  Mister Scott.  Good.  Did I, Mister Spock? They've been killing three million people a  year. It had been going on for five hundred years. An actual attack  wouldn't have killed any more people than one of their computer  attacks, but it would have ended their ability to make war. The  fighting would have been over permanently.  No. It was a calculated risk. Still, the Eminians keep a very  orderly society, and actual war is a very messy business. A very, very  messy business. I had a feeling that they would do anything to avoid  it, even talk peace.  Sometimes a feeling, Mister Spock, is all we humans have to go  on.  Why, Mister Spock, you almost make me believe in miracles. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios INC. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Bridge.  On my way.  (A little later, and Khan is sitting up more) 
Standard orbit, Mister Painter.  Yes, Lieutenant.  Maintain transmission pattern until we've established orbit.  Mister Spock, there were one hundred and fifty men, women, and  children in that colony. What are the chances of survivors?  Are you saying that those people built a future in a place  knowing they might not survive?  And what about us? Can we afford to send people to the planet's  surface?  Thank you, Mister Painter. Mister Spock, equip a landing party of  five to accompany me to the planet's surface. Include Doctor McCoy and  a biologist. I'll want them in ten minutes. [Farm yard] (The group beam down into a farm, complete with  wooden fence and a tarmacadamed paths. There are clap-board buildings  and even a stable block.)  Another dream that failed. There's nothing sadder. It took these  people a year to make the trip from Earth. They came all that way and  died.  Actually, Mister Sandoval, we didn't come here because of your  silent radio.  But these people shouldn't be alive.  Gentlemen, we're debating in a vacuum. Let's go get some answers.  [Farmhouse] (Elias leads the way into a comfortable room with  wooden furniture and gingham curtains.)  What was the reason for the dispersal?  Mister Sandoval, we do have a mission here. Examinations, tests.  We'll try not to interfere with your work.  Anything?  Kirk here. [Pasture] Very well. Continue investigations. Kirk out.    Yes, especially in view of the fact that the records for this  expedition indicate that they did have some for breeding and food  purposes. Apparently, none of them survived.  Yes, I thought you might.  (Hands over a computer disc)  He promised to throw away his shingle.  Go ahead, Lieutenant.  Make your point.  It's like a jigsaw puzzle all one colour. No key to where the  pieces fit in. Why?  (Communicator beeps)  Kirk here.  Trouble?  On my way. [Farmhouse] What's so strange about that?  Instrument malfunction?  Mister Sandoval, within the hour I've  received orders from Starfleet Command to evacuate all personnel from  this colony. Naturally, you'll inform your people to begin  preparations. We will have accommodations for you aboard the  Enterprise.  It's not an arbitrary decision on my part. I have my orders.  What about your animals?  That doesn't answer my question, sir. Why did all your animals  die?  Sandoval.  You're being unreasonable.  Excuse me. My orders are to remove all the colonists. That's  exactly what I intend to do, with or without your help.  ELIAS; Without, I should think.  No, I think we'll use a  We have orders to evacuate all colonists to Starbase Twenty  Seven.  I want landing parties to co-ordinate the colonists and prepare them  for transport up to the ship. We'll need extra accommodations aboard.  Where's Mister Spock and Mister DeSalle?  No, he didn't. (gets out communicator) Spock? See to the landing  parties, would you, Mister Sulu.  Spock? [Pasture] (Spock's communicator is beeping to itself while he  is lying in Leila's lap, looking at the clouds. He has changed out of  his uniform into an overall.)  Spock, is that you? [Pasture] Spock, I don't know what you think you're  doing, but this is an order. Report back to me at the settlement in ten  minutes. We're evacuating all colonists to Starbase Twenty Seven. [Pasture] You don't think so, what? [Pasture] Spock, report to me immediately. [Pasture] (But the communicator drops to the ground during  another kiss)  Spock. The frequency is open, but he doesn't  answer.  No. I thought you said you might like him if he mellowed a  little.  You said that.  Yes, take over the landing party detail and start getting those  colonists aboard.  The frequency is open. It'll act as a homing device. Contact  DeSalle. Have him meet you here. Make sure the landing party work in  teams of two. I don't want anybody left alone down here. [Pasture] (They find the communicator, and hear laughter.  Spock is hanging upside down from a branch of a nearby tree.)  Spock. (clears throat) Mister Spock. [Beam-down point] (Items are being collected to be taken up to the  ship. DeSalle has brought some of the pink plants.)  Mister Spock. Are you out of your mind? You  were told to report to me at once.  You? Yes, I can see that. Miss Kalomi, you'll have to come back  to the settlement and prepare to transport up to the ship.  Mister Sulu, Mister Spock is under arrest, and he's in your  custody until we get back to the Enterprise.  What's?  I don't know what these plants are or how they work, but you're  all going back to the settlement with me, and those colonists are going  aboard the ship.  (Kirk leaves them.)  How many of those did you beam up?  This is the Captain. Beam me up.  I most certainly do. Energise. [Bridge] Lieutenant, put me through to Admiral Komack  at Starfleet.  What do you mean, you can't do that. Follow standard procedure.  That's an order.  Out?  Get back to your stations. Get back to your stations.  I said get back to your station.  This is mutiny, mister.  I've heard that word a lot lately. Perfect.  Everything's perfect.  I'll bet you've even grown your tonsils back. [Pasture] Look, Bones, I need your help. Can you run  tests, blood samples, anything at all to give us a lead on what these  things are, how to counteract them? [Pasture] Bones. Bones. [Farmhouse] (Spock is pouring tea.)  Where's McCoy?  In your own private paradise.  Where did they originate?  That's paradise?  No wants. No needs. We weren't meant for that. None of us. Man  stagnates if he has no ambition, no desire to be more than he is.  Except a challenge.  I'm going back to the ship. [Bridge] (All the panels are lit, the lights are on, but  nobody is home except one.)  Engineering? Scotty? Biochemistry lab? Security? Is there anyone  on board? This is the Captain.  (He sits in his chair.)  Captain's log, stardate 3417.7. Except for myself, all crew  personnel have transported to the surface of the planet. Mutinied.  Lieutenant Uhura has effectively sabotaged the communications station.  I can only contact the surface of the planet. The ship can be  maintained in orbit for several months, but even with automatic  controls, I cannot pilot her alone. In effect, I am marooned here. I'm  beginning to realise just how big this ship really is, how quiet. I  don't know how to get my crew back, how to counteract the effect of the  spores. I don't know what I can offer against paradise.  (The plant that he had thrown earlier, now sprays him with spores.)  Enterprise to Mister Spock. [Pasture] I've joined you. I understand now. [Field] There are some things in my quarters I want  to pack. [Field] No. No! I can't leave! (he's very relieved) Emotions. Violent  emotions. Needs. Anger. Captain's log, supplemental. I think I've  discovered the answer, but to carry out my plan entails considerable  risk. Mister Spock is much stronger than the ordinary human being.  Aroused, his great physical strength could kill. But it's a risk I'll  have to take.  [Field] I've been packing some things, and I realise  there's some equipment here that we should have down at the settlement.  [Field] No, I think you and I can handle it. Why  don't you beam up now? [Field] (with a large metal bar in his hand)  Energising.  (Spock materialises.)  All right, you mutinous, disloyal, computerised, half-breed,  we'll see about you deserting my ship.  What makes you think you're a man? You're an overgrown  jackrabbit, an elf with a hyperactive thyroid.  Of course you don't understand. You don't have the brains to  understand. All you have is printed circuits.  What can you expect from a simpering, devil-eared freak whose  father was a computer and his mother an encyclopedia?  Your father was a computer, like his son. An ambassador from a  planet of traitors. A Vulcan never lived who had an ounce of integrity.    You're a traitor from a race of traitors. Disloyal to the core,  rotten like the rest of your subhuman race, and you've got the gall to  make love to that girl.  Does she know what she's getting, Spock? A carcass full of memory  banks who should be squatting in a mushroom, instead of passing himself  off as a man? You belong in a circus, Spock, not a starship. Right next  to the dog-faced boy.  (Spock bends the metal bar with one blow, and throws Kirk around the  transporter  room with ease. Fortunately, Kirk is able to dodge the blows that  damage the walls and equipment until finally...)  Had enough? I didn't realise what it took to get under that thick  hide of yours. Anyhow, I don't know what you're so mad about. It isn't  every first officer who gets to belt his Captain several times.  Believe me, Mister Spock, it was painful in more ways than one.  You said they were benevolent and peaceful. Violent emotions  overwhelm them, destroy them. I had to make you angry enough  to shake off their influence. That's the answer, Mister Spock.  I had something else in mind. Can you put together a subsonic  transmitter. Something we can hook into the communications station and  broadcast over the communicator?  Good. Let's get to work.  Well, if we're both in the Brig, who's going to build the  subsonic transmitter?  Mister Spock, Miss Kalomi is strictly your concern, but should  you talk to her while she's still under the influence of the spores?  The Captain discovered that strong emotions and needs destroy the  spore influence.  As though somebody had put itching powder on their skin.  Put him on the speaker. Kirk here. [Pasture] Start making preparations, Mister Sandoval.  We'll begin transporting your people aboard as soon as more of our crew  checks in.  [Bridge] (Later, when everyone is back on duty.)  Good.  No, no, Bones. This time we walked out on our own. Maybe we  weren't meant for paradise. Maybe we were meant to fight our way  through. Struggle, claw our way up, scratch for every inch of the way.  Maybe we can't stroll to the music of the lute. We must march to the  We haven't heard much from you about Omicron Ceti Three, Mister  Spock. 
All right, let's assume there is a monster.  What has it done? When did it start?  Yes, we're aware of that. If mining conditions weren't so  difficult, Janus Six could supply the mineral needs of a thousand  planets. But what happened?  Volcanic activity?  Same way? Burned?  Do you post sentries? Guards?  Who else has seen this?  Describe it.  That's why we're here, Mister Vanderberg.  I don't think we'll need to, Mister Appel. Mister Vanderberg,  we'll need a complete subsurface chart of all the drifts, galleries and  tunnels.  Mister Vanderberg, I'll need a complete subsurface chart of all the  drifts, galleries, tunnels.  Thank you, Mister Vanderberg. We'll need your complete  co-operation.  The vast number of tunnels won't make our hunting any easier.  Doc?  Explain.  Strong enough to eat machinery?  Mister Spock.  Mister Vanderberg, how recent are these charts?  Before the appearance of whatever it is?  I see. Mister Spock give us a report on life beneath the surface.    Within range of our sensors, there is no life, other than the  accountable human residents of this colony beneath the surface. At  least, no life as we know it.  We can't cover tunnel by tunnel on foot. We must get production  going again. We must have that pergium.  Too many tunnels. We couldn't possibly. Mister Spock, our sensors  can pick up normal life functions at a considerable distance, but what  about abnormal life functions?  (Just then the lights flicker and an alarm sounds.)  Is there a replacement for that?  Spock, on board?  Mister Spock, we seem to have been given a choice. Death by  asphyxiation or death by radiation poisoning. [Bridge] Can you rig one up? It's vital. [Bridge] How long?  Forty eight hours is better than nothing. Gather what you need  and beam down here with it. {Bridge] Hopefully we'll have found the missing part by then.  We'll have to, Chief. The alternative is to evacuate all you  people up to the Enterprise. A dozen planets depend on you for pergium  for their reactor. They're already screaming. Reactors closing down,  life support systems  Do you think the creature is trying to push the colonists off the  planet?  But why now, Mister Spock? These production facilities have been  in operation for over fifty years.  What's that?  Not necessarily, Bones. I've heard of the theoretical possibility  of life based on silicon. A silicon-based life would be of an entirely  different order. It's possible that our phasers might not affect it.  All right, how about this? A creature that lives deep in the  planet below us, at home in solid rock. It seems to me that in order to  survive, it would have to have some form of natural armour plating.  But our people have phaser number two.  You may be right, Doctor, but at least it's something to go on.  Mister Spock, have Lieutenant Commander Giotto assemble the security  troops and arm them with phaser number two. You make the proper  adjustments. You seem fascinated by this rock.  Do they tie in?  Speculate.  A short time, Mister Spock. We have very little. [Reactor room] How's it going, Scotty?  It has to hold longer than a bit.  (answers comm. beep) Kirk here.  I'll be right there. Kirk out. Scotty, ride herd on it. Kind  words. Tender, loving care. Kiss it. Baby it. Flatter it if you have  to, but keep it going.  You will proceed from level to level, checking out every foot,  every opening. You are searching for some sort of creature which is  highly resistant to phaser fire. Phasers will be set on maximum, and  remember this. Fifty people have died. I want no more deaths.  The creature may or may not attack on sight. However, you must.  It is vitally important we get this installation back into production.  It's one of the possibilities we've discussed. (to Vanderberg) I  want your people to stay on the top level, together at a safe place.  Well, gentlemen, you have your instructions. Let's get at it. [Tunnels] (The Starfleet people walk carefully along  wonderfully smooth floors with just the occasional piece of equipment  strewn around. Spock stops to use his tricorder on a section of the  tunnel wall.)  Mister Spock? Find something?  Traces?  One of our people?  Come on.  (The security team have gradually split up to cover all the different  tunnels. A young blond lad manages a scream before meeting his fate.)  It's only been seconds since we heard him scream. The creature  must still be around.  Are you certain?  This tunnel goes back as far as the eye can see. Our best  machinery couldn't cut a tunnel like this, not even with phasers.  Gone.  These walls are hot.  Yes, perfectly.  Yes, we saw it. Where does the tunnel go?  Yes. We took a bite out of it.  (Spock picks up the piece of 'armour' they had cut off the creature)  It's not animal tissue. What is it?  Then your guess was right.  Summation.  That would account for the tunnels.  Powerful enough to dissolve the door of the reactor chamber.  It's definitely phaser resistant. We had our weapons set for  silicon and on full power, yet we only damaged it. It still lives.  GIOTTO You mean it's impossible to kill?  No. No, it might require amassed phasers.  Commander, pass this on to your men We knew it was a killer. Now  it's wounded, probably in pain somewhere back there.  There's nothing more dangerous than a wounded animal. Commander Giotto,  instruct your men to concentrate the search in this sector. Remind them  the creature is wounded.  What is it, Mister Spock?  One creature in a hundred miles?  Then we're dealing with more than one creature, despite your  tricorder readings, or we have a creature with an extremely long life  span.  Mister Spock, our mission is to protect this colony, to get the  pergium moving again. This is not a zoological expedition. Maintain a  constant reading on the creature. If we have to, we'll use phasers to  cut our own tunnels. We'll try to surround it. I'm sorry, Mister Spock,  but I'm afraid the creature must die.  Good. [Main tunnel] (Giotto now has seven red-shirts with him.)  So it is wounded, and therefore twice as dangerous. Stay in  pairs. If you see it, concentrate your phaser fire at what appears to  be its head. Concentrate it. Maintain it. It is definitely resistant,  but it can be hurt. And if it can be hurt, it can be killed. Mister  Spock.  Your orders are shoot to kill. Protect yourself at all times.  Commander Giotto, disperse your search parties.  Mister Spock. Capture it? I don't recall giving any such order.  I will lose no more men. The creature will be killed on sight and  that's the end of it.  Mister Spock. I want you to assist Scotty in maintaining that  makeshift circulating pump.  You heard me. It's vital that we keep that reactor in operation.  Your scientific knowledge  Mister Spock, you are second in command. This will be a dangerous  hunt. Either one of us by himself is expendable. Both of us are not.  2,228.7 to 1? Those are pretty good odds, Mister Spock.  Of course. Well, I hate to use the word, but logically, with  those kind of odds, you might as well stay. But please stay out of  trouble, Mister Spock.  Kirk here.  Can you fix it again? [Reactor room] Start immediate evacuation of all colonists  to the Enterprise. [Reactor room] We haven't enough phasers for you. [Reactor room] Good. Get everybody else aboard the  Enterprise. The fewer people we have breathing the air down here, the  longer the rest of us will be able to hold out. How much longer,  Scotty? [Reactor room] We'll do our best. Start feeding us constant  status reports, Scotty. Vanderberg, you and your crew assemble at level  twenty three, checkpoint Tiger. Kirk out. [Level twenty three] (Vanderberg, Appel and three others are there.)  Team up with the Enterprise security personnel. They're better  armed than you. Keep someone in sight at all times. Vanderberg, take  two men. Go through that tunnel there. Rendezvous with Commander  Giotto. Appel and the rest of the men, go through there and tie up with  Lieutenant Osborne's detail. Mister Spock and I will control the  operation from a central point. That's all.  (The miners leave.)  Mister Spock?  Are you sure? Intuition?  The chart says both of these tunnels converge a few thousand  yards further. You take the left. I'll take the right.  Two tunnels, two of us. We separate.  (Kirk walks off down a real tunnel, while Spock has to hunch down to  move through one of the new circular tunnels. Further on, Kirk's tunnel  becomes circular too, then it opens into an area with flat floor,  equipment and silicon nodules.)  [Cavern] Mister Spock. [Tunnel] I've found a whole layer of these silicon  nodules of yours, hundreds of them.  Explain.  Yes, Mister Spock, I'm all right. We seem to  have had a cave-in. [Tunnel] Besides, it isn't necessary. The chart said  the tunnels meet further on.  [Tunnel] Very well, Mister Spock. I'll meet you at the  other end.  (Just then a part of the wall vanishes, and their strange adversary  emerges. The pair have a stand off, with the creature approaching when  Kirk lowers his phaser, and backing off when he raises it. The  communicator beeps.)  Kirk here. [Tunnel] It's not necessary, Mister Spock. I know exactly where the  creature is. [Tunnel] Ten feet away from me. [Tunnel] It's not making any threatening moves, Spock.  [Tunnel] I thought you were the one who wanted it kept alive, captured if  possible. [Tunnel] It seems to be waiting. [Tunnel] (sitting down) Well, what do we do, just talk  it over?  (The creature turns to show it's wound from their last encounter.)  Well, you can be hurt, can't you? We just sit here? It's your  move.  (Spock comes running in and takes aim)  No, no! Don't shoot. Come on over, Mister Spock.  (He does so, and squats by the Captain.)  No. It seems to be waiting. I tried talking to it, but it didn't  do any good.  (Spock points at a pile of silicon nodules.)  Yes, they're all through here, all over the place. Thousands of  them.  Does it means something to you?  You think you can get through to that thing?  Mister Spock, I know it's a terrible personal lowering of mental  barriers but if there's a chance  No kill I. What is that, a plea for us not to kill it, or a  promise that it won't kill us?  A Horta. A Horta! Mister Spock, we need that retardation  mechanism. You must re-establish communications with it.  Yes, I'm aware of that. If we could only win its confidence.  Doctor McCoy, this is Captain Kirk.  Grab your medical kit and come down here on the double. I've got  a patient for you.  Never mind. Just come down to the twenty third level. You'll be  led to us by tricorder readings. Kirk out.  He's a healer, let him heal. Mister Spock, you must re-establish  communications. I want to know why it suddenly took to murder.  We've seen how the creature destroys.  (Kirk stands ready with his phaser as Spock carefully places his hands  on the quivering Horta.)  Lieutenant Commander Giotto.  Perfectly all right. Where are you? [Level twenty three] Under no circumstances allow them in here  yet. The minute Doc McCoy gets there, send him through. [Level twenty three] It's wounded. Badly. You've got to help it.  Go take a look.  (McCoy kneels by the wound and gets out his tricorder.)  Help it. Treat it.  You're a healer. There's a patient. That's an order. Mister  Spock. Tell it we're trying to help. The mechanism.  Mister Spock. Mister Spock. Spock. Spock! Come out of it. I found  the unit in there. It's in pretty good shape. I also found about a  million of these silicon nodules. They're eggs, aren't they?  The miners must  have broken into the hatchery. Their operations destroyed thousands of  them. No wonder. [Level twenty three] How are you doing, Doc?  Don't fire. First man that fires is dead.  You've killed thousands of her children.  Those round silicon nodules that you've been collecting and  destroying? They're her eggs. Tell them, Mister Spock.  The Horta is intelligent, peaceful, mild. She had no objection to  sharing this planet with you, till you broke into her nursery and  started destroying her eggs. Then she fought back in the only way she  knew how, as any mother would fight when her children are in danger.  This is where they live. They digest rock, they tunnel for  nourishment.  Yes, I know. Here's your circulating pump. You've complained this  planet is a mineralogical treasure house if you had the equipment to  get at it. Gentlemen, the Horta moves through rock the way we move  through air, and it leaves tunnels. The greatest natural miners in the  universe. It seems to me we could make an agreement, reach a modus  vivendi. They tunnel. You collect and process, and your process  operation would be a thousand times more profitable.  Can you help it?  How?  Well, Spock, I'm going to have to ask you to get in touch with  the Horta again. Tell her our proposition. She and her children can do  all the tunnelling they want. Our people will remove the minerals, and  each side will leave the other alone. Think she'll go for it?  Very good, Mister Spock.  Fine. Yes, Chief. Kirk here. [Vanderberg's office] I'm delighted to hear that, Chief. Once  Mother Horta tells her kids what to look for, you people are going to  be embarrassingly rich.  Our pleasure, Chief. Kirk out.  She really liked those ears?  Because she approved of you?  Does not bear close examination, Mister Spock. I suspect you're  becoming more and more human all the time.  Ahead, warp factor two.  <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Good. (puts it into a decoder) We both guessed right.  Negotiations with the Klingon Empire are on the verge of breaking down.  Starfleet Command anticipates a surprise attack. We are to proceed to  Organia and take whatever steps are necessary to prevent the Klingons  from using it as a base.  Organia's description, Mister Spock.  Another Armenia, Belgium.  The weak innocents who always seem to be located on the natural  invasion routes.  Configuration, Mister Sulu.  (Everyone is thrown about as the Enterprise is hit by multiple weapons  fire.)  Phaser banks, lock on. Return fire. Maintain firing rate. One  hundred percent dispersal pattern.  Damage control, report to the first officer.  All hands, maintain general alert. Hold battle stations. Damage  report, Mister Spock.  Maintain surveillance, Mister Sulu.  Well, we've been anticipating an attack. I'd say what we've just  experienced very nearly qualifies.  Well, there it is. War. We didn't want it, but we've got it.  War or not, we've still got a job to do. Denying Organia to the  Klingons.  Lay in a course for Organia, Mister Sulu.  We won't get it by talking about it. The trigger's been pulled.  We have to get there before the hammer falls. Ahead warp factor seven.  Captain's log, stardate 3198.4. We have reached  Organia and established standard orbit. No signs of hostile activities  in this area.  [Bridge] What bearing?  Mister Sulu, have the phaser crews stand by their positions. Full  power deflector screens.  Mister Spock and I are going to the planet's surface. You will be  in command. Your responsibility is to the Enterprise, not to us. Is  that clear?  The Klingon fleet is in this quadrant. We know that Organia will  be a target. If they should emerge  You will evaluate the situation. If there is a fleet of them,  you'll get out of here, Mister Sulu.  No buts. You'll get to safety and alert the fleet. You will not  attack alone. Mister Spock and I will be all right. Mister Spock, let's  you and I pay the Organians a visit. [Planet surface] (They beam down in front of a vaguely castle-styled  wall which is completely smooth. The locals are dressed in romanticised  rural  mediaeval-style clothing, and take no notice of them at all.)  You'd think they had people beaming down every day.  Yes. A fortress, perhaps. A castle.  Reception committee?  I am Captain James T. Kirk of the starship Enterprise,  representing the United Federation of Planets. This is my first officer  Mister Spock.  I would like to speak to someone in authority.  You people are in great danger. Is there someplace we can go and  talk?  Gentlemen, my government has informed me that the Klingons are  expected to move against your planet with the objective of making it a  base of operation against the Federation. My mission, frankly, is to  keep them from doing it.  No, sir. With the Federation, you have a choice. You have none  with the Klingons. The Klingons are a military dictatorship. War is  their way of life. Life under the Klingon rule would be very  unpleasant. We offer you protection.  You have this planet and its strategic location. I assure you  that if you don't take action to prevent it, the Klingons will move  against you  as surely as your sun rises. We will help you build defences, build  facilities.  Gentlemen, I have seen what the Klingons do to planets like  yours. They are organised into vast slave labour camps. No freedoms  whatsoever. Your goods will be confiscated. Hostages taken and killed,  your leaders confined. You'd be far better off on a penal planet.  Infinitely better off.  You keep insisting there's no danger. I keep assuring you there  is. Would you mind telling me  That's the first thing that would be lost! Excuse me, gentlemen.  I'm a soldier, not a diplomat. I can only tell you the truth.  Certainly.  (The doors open on their own and Spock enters. He and Kirk whisper in a  corner.)  That doesn't seem likely.  Thank you, Mister Spock. That might be useful.  Gentlemen, I must get you to reconsider. We can be of immense  help to you. In addition to military aid, we can send you specialists,  technicians. We can show you how to feed a thousand people where one  was fed before. We can help you build schools, educate the young in the  latest technological and scientific skills. Your public facilities are  almost non-existent. We can help you remake your world, end disease,  hunger, hardship. All we ask in return is that you let us help you.  Now.  (answering communicator) Excuse me, sir. Kirk here.  Mister Sulu, follow your orders. Get out of  here. Contact the fleet. Return if the odds are more equal. Kirk out.  Gentlemen, you kept insisting that there was no danger  Can you verify that?  If you had listened to me  How does he know that?  So we're stranded here, in the middle of a Klingon occupation  army.  You have a gift for understatement, Mister Spock. It's not a very  pleasant prospect at all.  Captain's Log. stardate 3201.7. Mister Spock and I  are trapped on the planet Organia, which is in the process of being  occupied by the forces of the Klingon Empire. The Organians have  provided us with native clothing in the hopes we may be taken for  Organians.  [Council Chamber] Did you take them?  I must ask you to return them.  They know that Vulcan is a member of the Federation.  What about the rest of you?  You have a lot to learn, sir. And if I know the Klingons, you'll  be learning it the hard way.  (The doors open on their own, and two Klingons march in, followed by  their leader.)  I have a tongue.  My what?  He's no spy.  He's done nothing. Nothing at all.  You're here. There's nothing I can do about it.  You need my approval?  You seem to be in command.  Me? I don't want the job.  And Mister Spock?  He is my friend.  I don't understand.  And you're proud of it.  Are you sure you're all right?  Or I will be killed.  That mindsifter can't be all the terror they  think it is.  I'll try and avoid it.  You didn't really think I was going to beat his head in, did you?    You're right. But as you say, we still have a job to do.  Maybe, but sooner or later they'll start resenting how the  Klingons run things. If we could prove to them they could do something  to strike back, to keep the Klingons off balance.  That's exactly what I had in mind. Mister Spock Did I or did I  not see something that looked like a munitions dump outside of Kor's  headquarters?  I think it's time we did a little simple and plain communicating.  Tonight.  We're short of tools.  Okay so far. Sonic grenade?  You were right, Mister Spock. A most satisfactory display. [Council Chamber] Of course we blew it up. Deliberately.  We did it to show you that you can fight back. You don't have to  be sheep, you can be wolves.  History is full of examples of civil populations fighting back  successfully against a military dictatorship. We may not be able to  destroy the Klingons, but we can tie them up. Blow up their  installations, disrupt their communications, make Organia useless to  them.  Why? Are you afraid of retribution? Does your personal freedom  mean so little to you?  All I understand is that you apparently don't have the backbone  to fight and protect your loved ones. [Kor's office] (Of course he had the Council Chamber  bugged.)  Ayelborne!  I'm used to the idea of dying, but I have no desire to die for  the likes of you.  No, thank you.  What do you want from me?  You think I'm going to sit here and just talk with the enemy?  Something was destroyed? Nothing inconsequential, I hope.  We're nothing like you. We're a democratic body.  It's a very large universe, Commander, full of people who don't  like the Klingons.  Go climb a tree.  It will take a lot longer than that, Commander.  How much of the twelve hours do we have left?  I think we can count on them being punctual. Blowing that  munitions dump wasn't enough. If we get out of here, we've got to carry  the attack directly to Kor. These Organians  Nevertheless, our orders still stand. We've got to make some  attempt to neutralise the Klingon occupation.  And there are guards every few feet down the hall.  (There are sounds outside, then the door swings silently open on it's  own. Spock and Kirk are ready to pounce on whoever enters.)  Go?  You turned us over to them. You expect us to trust you now?  We can't stay here. This is the first place  they'll look.  First you turn us in, then get us out. What are you doing now,  waiting for the Klingons to post a reward so you can turn us in again  and collect it?  What happened to them?  Is that's all you can do, smile?  I want to know how I'm free, and why.  This idiotic placidity of yours, your refusal to do anything to  protect yourselves  Those are Klingon phasers. Take the door. Get  down, gentlemen. [Kor's office] Did you hear them?  Well, Mister Spock. It seems it's up to you and me.  The Federation has invested a great deal of money in our  training. They're about due for a small return. We have two hours with  which to do it in.  No. No more will die on account of us, Mister Spock. Where are  those phasers?  You've told us a great deal about how you hate violence. Unless  you tell me where those phasers are, you're going to have more violence  than you know what to do with.  It's entirely up to you.  Gentlemen, I have no great love for you, your planet, your  culture. Despite that, Mister Spock and I are going to go out there and  quite probably die, in an attempt to show you that there are some  things worth dying for.  Come on, Mister Spock, let's get out of here.  (The doors open politely to let them leave, then close again behind  them.)  Mister Spock, can we get those two guards? What would you say the  odds on our getting out of here?  Difficult to be precise? 7,824 to 1?  That's a pretty close approximation.  You do quite well. Set your phaser on stun. We're after the top  dog, not the members of the pack.  But if the situation calls for it, we kill, is that clear?  I'll take the one on the left. Fire.  (Two stunned Klingons fall, and Kirk and Spock run into the building.) [Council Chamber] If you don't tell me what I want to know, I'll kill you here and  now. Is that clear?  Is Kor's office down there?  What about the hostages? Talk. Talk.  To be killed?  (The Klingon nods.)  Mister Spock.  (Spock knocks the Klingon out with a neck pinch.)  Well, what are the odds now?  Less than seven thousand to one. Well, getting better. Getting  better. [Kor's office] Just stay where you are, Commander.  Checkmate, Commander.  I don't intend to kill you unless I have to.  Cover, Spock! Back!  (The Klingons burst it, then suddenly everyone drops their weapons.  Everyone.)  What is it, Spock?  You are stopping this? You?  Kirk to Enterprise. Come in.  Stand by, Sulu.  What have you done?  You're talking nonsense.  You can't just stop the fleet. What gives you the right?  We have legitimate grievances against the Klingons. They've  invaded our territory, killed our citizens. They're openly aggressive.  They've boasted that they'll take over half the galaxy.  You're the ones who issued the ultimatum to withdraw from the  disputed areas!  You should be the first to be on our side. Two hundred hostages  killed.  Even if you have some power that we don't understand, you have no  right to dictate to our Federation  How to handle their interstellar relations! We have the right  Well, no one wants war. But there are proper channels. People  have a right to handle their own affairs. Eventually, we will have  What do you mean, beings like yourselves?  But what about this planet? The fields, the buildings, this  citadel?  Well, Commander, I guess that takes care of the war. Obviously,  the Organians aren't going to let us fight.  I'm embarrassed. I was furious with the Organians for stopping a  war I didn't want. We think of ourselves as the most powerful beings in  the universe. It's unsettling to discover that we're wrong.  Oh, no, no, no, Mister Spock, We didn't beat the odds. We didn't  have a chance. The Organians raided the game. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Stay on top of it, Mister Sulu.  Understood, Engineer. Mister Spock? We can't avoid these areas of  turbulence.  Sickbay. To the Bridge.  Spock?  Maintain orbit. Open the channel to Starfleet Command.  Precautionary measure, Lieutenant. Broadcast to Starfleet Command my  past week's log entries, starting with the unusual readings we had on  the instruments and how they led us here. Inform Starfleet Command that  apparently something or someone down on this planet  (McCoy enters)  (pointing to Sulu) Bones. Can effect changes in time, causing  turbulent waves of space displacement.  Tricky stuff. Are you sure you want to risk  (The hypo is administered and Sulu opens his eyes.)  Who, me, Doctor?  Mister Spock?  Bones! Get back to your positions.  It was set for cordrazine.  Communications, emergency medical team.  Security alert.  Captain's log, supplemental entry. Two drops of  cordrazine can save a man's life. A hundred times that amount has just  accidentally been pumped into Doctor McCoy's body. In a strange, wild  frenzy, he has fled the ship's Bridge. All connecting decks have been  placed on alert. We have no way of knowing if the madness is permanent  or temporary, or in what direction it will drive McCoy.  [Transporter room] (McCoy enters, knocks out the Chief very quickly  and scientifically, then beams himself away.)  [Bridge] Continue alert, decks four through eleven.  The medical department knows as little as we do. In dosages approaching  this, there's some record of wild paranoia.  Bridge here. Go ahead. [Transporter room] So whatever's down there, McCoy is in the heart of it. Set up a  landing party. Let's go get him. Kirk out. [Planet surface] (The landing party is Kirk, Spock, Scott, Uhura and  two security guards. Among remains of fluted columns and fragments of  Greek-style buildings is an irregular dough-nut shaped object with  lights in it.)  These ruins extend to the horizon. Begin recording.  Detail, fan out. What is this thing, Mister Spock? It seems to be  pulsating with power of some kind. Analysis, please.  That's funny.  Explain.  Then what is it?  What are you?  Are you machine or being?  Annoyed, Spock?  Spock! If that is a doorway back through time, could we somehow  take Bones back a day in time, then  Guardian. Can you change the speed at which yesterday passes?  Strangely compelling, isn't it? To step through there and lose  oneself in another world.  Bones, no!  (McCoy leaps through the doughnut and the pictures stop. He's gone.)  Where is he?  Kirk to Enterprise. Scotty.  McCoy has somehow changed history.  Earth's not there. At least, not the Earth we know. We're totally  alone.  Captain's log, no stardate. For us, time does not  exist. McCoy, back somewhere in the past, has effected a change in the  course of time. All Earth history has been changed. There is no  starship Enterprise. We have only one chance. We have asked the  Guardian to show us Earth's history again. Spock and I will go back  into time ourselves and attempt to set right what ever it was that  McCoy changed.  Make sure we arrive before McCoy got there. It's vital we stop  him before he does whatever it was that changed all history.  Guardian, if we are successful  Scotty, when you think you've waited long enough. Each of you  will have to try it. Even if you fail, at least you'll be alive in some  past world somewhere.  I've seen old photographs of this period. An economic upheaval  had occurred.  We seem to be costumed a little out of step with the time.  Well, Mister Spock, if we can't disguise you, we'll find some way  of explaining you.  Let's get out of here.  (They are nearly run down crossing the street.)  Well, we'll steal from the rich and give back to the poor later.  I think I'm going to like this century. Simple, easier to manage. We're  not going to have any difficulty explaining  (Then he sees the policeman.)  You're a police officer. I recognise the traditional  accoutrements.  My friend is obviously Chinese. I see you've noticed the ears.  They're actually easy to explain.  (A crowd is gathering.)  The unfortunate accident he had as a child. He caught his head in  a mechanical rice picker. But fortunately, there was an American  missionary living close by who was actually a skilled plastic surgeon  in civilian life.  Oh, how careless of your wife to let you go out that way.  You were actually enjoying my predicament  back there. At times, you seem quite human.  Sorry.  (They get changed into jeans and shirts.)  Time we faced the unpleasant facts.  Arrives where? Honolulu, Boise, San Diego? Why not Outer  Mongolia, for that matter?  And the same currents that swept McCoy to a certain time and  place might sweep us there, too.  Couldn't you build some form of computer aid here?  Yes, well, it would pose an extremely complex problem in logic,  Mister Spock. Excuse me. I sometimes expect too much of you.  (The lights come on.)  Excuse us, miss. We didn't mean to trespass. It's cold outside.  No. We were being chased by a policeman.  These clothes. We stole them. We didn't have any money.  Mine is Jim Kirk. His is Spock.  Excuse me, Miss. Where are we?  Do you run this place?  Radio tubes and so on. I approve of hobbies, Mister Spock. [Canteen] (Kirk and Spock collect their bowls of soup and  pieces of bread, and sit at one of the long tables.)  Why?  Shut up. Shut up. I want to hear what she has to say.  Development of atomic power is years away, and space flight years  after that.  I find her most uncommon, Mister Spock.  Then we can report back for other work?  A what?  Oh.  Thank you.  We have a flop.  A place to sleep.  Mister Spock, I've brought you some assorted vegetables, baloney  in a hard roll for myself, and I've spent the other nine tenths of our  combined salaries for the last three days on filling this order for  you. Mister Spock, this bag does not contain platinum, silver or gold,  nor is it likely to in the near future.  McCoy'll be along in a few days, perhaps sooner. There's no  guarantee that these currents in time will bring us together. This has  to work.  Your hat.  If Mister Spock says that he needs the tools and that they'll be  returned tomorrow morning, you can bet your reputation on that, Miss  Keeler.  We served together.  Let me help. A hundred years or so from now, I believe, a famous  novelist will write a classic using that theme. He'll recommend those  three words even over I love you.  Silly question. Want to hear a silly answer?  A planet circling that far left star in Orion's belt. See?  (Not that you can actually see any stars in the night sky above the  Brooklyn Bridge.) [Room] (Using the clock-mender's tools, Spock gets an  image on his tricorder screen of a newspaper report. Edith Keeler,  social worker from 21st Street Mission was killed today, it says. Kirk  enters.)  How are the stone knives and bearskins?  I think you may also find you have a connection burning someplace.  Good.  Let's see what you have.  February 23rd, 1936. Six years from now. (reading below the  headline FDR confers with slum area 'angel') The President and Edith  Keeler conferred for some time today  (Then the whole thing goes up in flames.)  How bad?  The President and Edith Keeler.  We know her future. Within six years from now, she'll become very  important. Nationally famous.  You must be mistaken. They both can't be true.  She has two possible futures then, and depending on whether she  lives or dies, all of history will be changed. And McCoy  In his condition, what does he do? Does he kill her?  Get this thing fixed. We must find out before McCoy arrives.  How do you know?  And make them spend it on life?  The very same.  (They are outside room 33 when he leans in for the kiss.) [Street] (McCoy catches the down-and-out.)  How long before we get a full answer?  McCoy could have been in the city a week now for all we know, and  whatever he does that affects her and changes history could happen  tonight or tomorrow morning.  I must know whether she lives or dies, Spock. I must know what to  do. [Street] (It's morning, apparently. Bums are still sleeping  in shop doorways.)  Germany. Fascism. Hitler. They won the Second World War.  But she was right. Peace was the way.  No.  How did she die? What day?  Spock, I believe I'm in love with Edith Keeler.  Edith.  With ulterior motives. Does that please you?  No, of course you didn't.  It's not yet time. McCoy isn't here.  What?  McCoy! Leonard McCoy?  Stay right here. Spock! Stay right there!  McCoy! He's in  (McCoy comes out and they greet each other enthusiastically. A truck is  coming down the street as Edith starts to cross, not looking.)  Edith.  (McCoy dashes forward but Kirk grabs him and pulls him back onto the  pavement just as Edith and the truck meet in in a squeal of brakes.)  Let's get the hell out of here. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Try GSK-783, sub-space frequency 3.  I'm very well aware of that, Lieutenant. Try it.  Evaluation, Mister Spock.  And next in line, Deneva. Bones, what's your theory about the  cause of all this?  But it follows a definite pattern, a systematic progression from  planet to planet.  Plot an interception course, Mister Sulu. Warp factor eight.  Lieutenant Uhura, try to contact that ship.  Scotty, tractor beams?  Denevan ship, this is the USS Enterprise. Can you reverse your  course? Acknowledge.  Keep closing. Denevan ship, reverse your course. Do you hear me?  Reverse your course. Acknowledge.  Reverse course. One hundred and eighty degrees about.  Very well. Reduce to sub-warp speed. Take us to Deneva.  That Denevan ship headed deliberately into the sun. Why?  Keep trying.  Put it on audio.  Aurelan, this is Jim on the Enterprise. Repeat your message.  Re-establish.  I'm not interested in your excuses, Lieutenant. Re-establish  contact with that transmitter.  Keep trying to raise them.  Yes. You were right a while back. My brother Sam lives on Deneva.  He's a research biologist. That woman sounded like his wife Aurelan.  [Transporter room] Set your phasers on stun. We're going to beam  directly into the capital city. Alert status. Mister Spock.  I'll want a complete transcript of everything that happens down  there, Yeoman.  Let's go. Energise.  [Planet surface] (Kirk, Spock, McCoy, Scott, the Yeoman and two  security guards beam into an open area with grass, formal ponds and  sculpture in front of a concrete and glass-fronted building.)  There are almost a million inhabitants of Deneva. There's more  than one hundred thousand in this city alone. Where is everyone?  My brother's lab is over there. They signalled us once. There  should be someone there. Let's find out what's happening.  Stand by to fire. Fire.  (The four attacking men are stunned.)  Did you hear what they said, Mister Spock?  They tried to brain us with these clubs. Check them out, Bones.  To say the least.  Fan out. Follow me. Security. [Laboratory] (A woman is trying to cover the air vents. A man  and a boy are lying on the floor.)  (bearhugging her) Aurelan.  Bones. (McCoy sedates her) Aurelan, you're safe now.  Sam. It is my brother. Was my brother.  Peter?  Get ready to beam up.  Yes. Yes, Mister Spock. You heard my sister-in-law say something  about they being here. Your guess.  It doesn't make sense. There are no harmful life forms reported.  Our sensors didn't pick up anything that didn't belong here.  Take charge of the landing party, Mister Spock. I want some  answers to all this.  [Sickbay] Can she talk?  Aurelan? Aurelan, it's Jim.  He's dead. But your son's still alive. You've got to help us.  Yes, I'm here. You have to tell us what happened, Aurelan, to you  and the others.  Who?  What kind of things?  Aurelan, it's important that you tell us. What kind of things?  My brother's son?  Report.  You've seen some kind of creature? Any alien form?  All right. Let's go find out what it is. Set your phasers on  force three, to kill. We're looking for some kind of creature, and we  already know it will kill. [Courtyard] (They go down some steps into a shady courtyard  where the noise is coming from. There are gelatinous-looking creatures  attached to the shady side of a lintel.)  Spock!  (One detaches and flies around them.)  Form a ring. Fire!  (After a prolonged burst, one falls to the ground and the others fly  off.)  And it can bear up under full phaser power.  It's too close in here. It may be a trap in here. Let's move out.    (As they head up the stairs, the felled creature revives and lands on  Spock's back. He falls back in pain.)  Spock! Spock! (He pulls it off) It's gone. Can you stand? Spock,  are you all right?  Captain's log supplemental. Whatever the creatures  are, they have apparently taken over all the inhabitants of Deneva.  Meanwhile, ship's surgeon Doctor McCoy is examining a strange puncture  wound left by one of the creatures on Mister Spock's back.  [Sickbay] How is he?  Did you operate on Spock in time?  My nephew?  Recommendations?  All decks, security alert. Locate and restrain Mister Spock. He  may be dangerous. Use phasers on stun if necessary.  (Spock enters the Bridge and throws Sulu out of his seat.)  Get him back to the Sickbay. Use security restraints. [Sickbay] Spock.  You're only half-Vulcan. What about the human half of you?  Can he control it the way he says, Bones?  I need you, Spock, but we can't take any chances. We'll keep you  confined for a while longer. If you can maintain control, we'll see. My  nephew. If he regains consciousness, will he go through that?  Help them. I don't care what it takes or costs. You've got to  help them.  Mister Spock, I gave you an order to stay in the Sickbay.  Scotty?  Mister Spock, your logic, as usual, is inescapable. Beam him  down. Stay in constant touch with us. Give him your phaser. He'll need  that, too.  Energise. [Corridor] I don't have to, Bones. We both know he is. [Planet surface] (A man tries to attack Spock, but is neck-pinched.  After struggling to regain his self-control, Spock returns to the  courtyard of the gel-creatures. He phasers one off the lintel and puts  it into a metal box.)  [Science lab] (Kirk and McCoy enter.)  Yes. That would answer a lot of questions.  I think so. This may be one cell in a larger organism. An  incredibly huge organism, in fact.  Existing so differently from any living matter or energy as we  know it, that it may have come here, planet by planet, from an entirely  different galaxy.  But not impossible, Mister Spock. The Denevan that flew into the  sun cried out that he was free, that he'd won. That's the angle to work  on, gentlemen. I want an analysis of all this from Medical and Life  Science departments within the hour.  Then you're wasting your time. There has to be something that'll  kill the creature without destroying the human host.  I can't accept that, Bones. We've got fourteen science labs  aboard this ship. The finest equipment and computers in the galaxy.  No, no, Bones. There's more than two lives at stake here. I  cannot let it spread beyond this colony, even if it means destroying a  million people down there.  Captain's log, stardate 3289.8. I am faced with the  most difficult decision of my life. Unless we find a way to destroy the  creatures without killing their human hosts, my command  responsibilities will force me to kill over a million people.  [Briefing room] Gentlemen.  I will accept neither of those alternatives, gentlemen. I cannot  let this thing expand beyond this planet, nor do I intend to kill a  million or more people to stop it. I want another answer. I'm putting  you gentlemen on the hot seat with me. I want that third alternative. [Kirk's quarters] Report.  Request denied.  Request denied. There must be another answer. Something in the  sun killed that thing before the Denevan died. All right. All right.  We've tried heat, radiation. What other qualities or properties does  the sun have?  But one other thing you haven't mentioned. It's bright. It  radiates a blinding light if you're close enough.  Not to us. But down on the surface, the creatures stayed in the  shadows for the most part. Suppose they weren't simply hiding. Suppose  they're sensitive to light. Light, like in a sun, close up.  No, but you can move the equivalent of the sun to Deneva. Mister  Spock?  Good. Let's get on it. [Bio-lab] (Chapel puts the creature's jar into a large  chamber.)  Your figures are, of course, accurate.  It worked in a lab. With the creature exposed to everything we  can give it. But what about the people who are infected?  Maybe. There's no time for maybes, Bones. We need to know now.  Yes, we'd have to put someone who's infected under that light.  We have to duplicate the conditions on the planet, and Spock  There's no other way, Bones. We have to duplicate the brilliance  that existed at the moment the Denevan declared himself freed.  I agree completely.  Proceed.  (Spock sits facing the light source and gets the full blast.)  Spock, are you all right?  What is it?  Are you telling me that Spock need not have been blinded?  Bones, take care of him.  [Bridge] Good. Scanners?  Satellite control, this is the Captain. Energise all satellites.  Report.  Sickbay. [Sickbay] Tell Spock it worked. [Sickbay] Bones, it wasn't your fault. [Sickbay] Bones.  (Later.)  Yeoman, record this for Starfleet Command.  The alien creatures on Deneva have been destroyed  Spock. You can see.  Mister Spock. Regaining eyesight would be an emotional experience  for most. You, I presume, felt nothing?  If you gentlemen are finished, would you mind laying in a course  for Starbase Ten, Mister Spock?  What's that, Doctor?  You've been so concerned about his Vulcan eyes, Doctor, you  forgot about his Vulcan ears. Ahead warp factor one, Mister Sulu. 
(on back, pumping pedals) Just a few seconds more.  You're killing me. You're killing me.  You'd be the last one I'd tell. (sees light, goes to desk  monitor) Kirk here. What's going on?  What's that?  A vessel of some kind?  I'll be right up. You could see the alarm lights flashing from  there, McCoy. Why didn't you tell me?  Bridge. Captain to Bridge.  Any changes?  Any indication of danger from it?  I'll change first then. Captain out.  [Bridge] Captain to Bridge.  Any signs of life?  Have you tried all hailing frequencies?  Have the department heads meet me on the Bridge.  Lieutenant Uhura.  Navigation.  Scotty.  I'll buy speculation.  Life sciences.  I'll keep that in mind, Mister Bailey, when this becomes a  democracy.  Captain's Log, star date 1513.8. Star maps reveal  no indication of habitable planets nearby. Origin and purpose of the  cube still unknown. We've been here, held motionless, for eighteen  hours.  [Briefing room] Anything further, gentlemen?  Second?  And you don't recommend sticking around.  It's time for action, gentlemen. Mister Bailey  Countermand. I'll select what kind of action.  Are you explaining Mister Bailey? I haven't requested an  explanation. Now, as I was about to say, Navigator, plot us a spiral  course away from the cube.  Engage, Mister Sulu. Quarter speed.  Let's see if it'll give way. Ahead half speed.  All stop. Hold position.  Power astern, half speed.  Engines astern, full speed.  Helm, give us warp speed.  Phaser Crew stand ready.  Lock phasers on target. Mister Bailey, lock phasers.  Fire main phasers.  Captain's Log, star date 1514.0. The cube has been  destroyed. Ship's damage minor but my next decision, major. Probe on  ahead or turn back.  [Bridge] Care to speculate on what we'll find if we go on ahead?  Intelligence different from ours or superior?  No, I'm not. The mission of the Enterprise is to seek out and  contact alien life.  It gives me emotional security. Navigator, set a course ahead.  Engage.  Mister Bailey, phaser crews were sluggish. You were slow in  locking them into your directional beam. Helmsman, engineering decks  could have been faster, too. Programme a series of simulated attacks  and evasion maneuvers. Keep repeating the exercise until we're  proficient, gentlemen.  Captain's quarters. Aren't you the one who always says a little  suffering is good for the soul?  I think he'll cut it.  Why, Doctor, you've been reading your textbooks again?  What's next? They're not machines, Jim?  Doctor McCoy, I've heard you say that man is ultimately superior  to any mechanical device.  I could've sworn I heard you say that. Kirk here.  Let's try for one hundred, Mister Spock.  I'm going to take it, and I'm going to (door opens)  What the devil is this? Green leaves?  Will you stop hovering over me, Yeoman?  Bring some for the doctor, too.  Thank you, Yeoman.  When I find the headquarters genius that assigned me a female  yeoman  I've already got a female to worry about. Her name's the  Enterprise.  Kirk here.  Coming.  [Bridge] Half speed. Prepare for evasive action.  All engines stop.  Phaser crews stand ready.  What's its mass, Mister Spock?  Reduce image. Let me see all of it.  Ship to ship.  This is the United Earth ship Enterprise. We convey greetings and  await your reply. What is it, Mister Bailey?  Pick it up.  Ship to ship.  This is the Captain of the Enterprise speaking. The warning  nature of your space buoy was unknown to us. Our vessel was blocked.  When we attempted to disengage  Does the recorder marker have this on its tapes?  Mister Bailey, dispatch recorder marker. Mister Bailey?  Captain to crew. Those of you who have served for long on this  vessel have encountered alien lifeforms. You know the greatest danger  facing us is ourselves, an irrational fear of the unknown. But there's  no such thing as the unknown, only things temporarily hidden,  temporarily not understood. In most cases we have found that  intelligence capable of a civilisation is capable of understanding  peaceful gestures. Surely a lifeform advanced enough for space travel  is advanced enough to eventually understand our motives. All decks  stand by. Captain out. Ship to ship.  This is the Captain of the USS Enterprise. We came seeking  friendship but we have no wish to trespass. To demonstrate our  goodwill, our vessel will now return the way it came. We (humming  noise) Lay in a course ahead, Mister Bailey.  Engage, warp factor one.  Switch to impulse.  Yes, of course you were.  They want us to lose our heads.  Bailey, you're relieved! Escort him to his quarters, Doctor.  Ship to ship.  This is the Captain of the Enterprise speaking. It is the custom  of Earth people to try and avoid misunderstanding whenever possible. We  destroyed your space buoy as a simple act of self-preservation. When we  attempted to move away from it, it emitted radiation harmful to our  species. If you've examined our ship and its tapes, you know this to be  true. (humming noise)  What's the matter with them out there? They must know we mean  them no harm.  There must be something to do, something I've overlooked.  Is that your best recommendation?  Nobody's given up yet.  That's my decision, Doctor.  I'm ordering you to drop it. I have no time for you, your  theories, your quaint philosophies.  Any time you can bluff me, Doctor.  All right, Doctor. Let's hope we have time to argue about it. Not  chess, Mister Spock, poker. Do you know the game? Ship to ship.  This is the Captain of the Enterprise. Our respect for other  lifeforms requires that we give you this warning. One critical item of  information that has never been incorporated into the memory banks of  any Earth ship. Since the early years of space exploration, Earth  vessels have had incorporated into them a substance known as corbomite.  It is a material and a device which prevents attack on us. If any  destructive energy touches our vessel, a reverse reaction of equal  strength is created, destroying  Destroying the attacker! It may interest you to know that since  the initial use of corbomite more than two of our centuries ago, no  attacking vessel has survived the attempt. Death has little meaning to  us. If it has none to you then attack us now. We grow annoyed at your  foolishness.  Doc. Sorry.  Permission granted.  It does have advantages over chess.  Here it comes. Is it raise or call?  Hold on that. Let him sweat for a change. Ship to ship.  Request denied.  It's a small ship.  I want a right angled course. Shear away from him no matter which  way he turns.  Maximum acceleration when I give the word.  Engage.  More power.  Shear away, Mister Bailey.  Now, Mister Sulu. Impulse power two.  All engines stop.  Then we're not home yet.  Any reply?  Plot a course for it, Mister Bailey.  Dead ahead. This is the Captain speaking. First Federation vessel  is in distress. We're preparing to board it. There are lives at stake.  By our standards, alien life but lives nevertheless. Captain out.  Mister Scott, ready the transporter room.  Mister Sulu, bring us to within one hundred metres. Ahead slow.  What's the mission of this vessel, Doctor? To seek out and  contact alien life, and an opportunity to demonstrate what our  high-sounding words mean. Any questions? I'll take two men with me.  Doctor McCoy to examine and treat the aliens if necessary, and you,  Mister Bailey.  The face of the unknown. I think I owe you a look at it.  Denied. If I'm wrong, if it's a trap, I want you here.  [Transporter room] Transporter ready?  Air sample?  Thank you, Scotty. Ready, Doctor?  Energise.  [Balok's ship] It's a dummy. A puppet of some kind.  I'm Captain Kirk.  Commander Balok.  Commander, that puppet.  I see.  But you probed our memory banks.  Yes. Both our cultures would benefit. Do you know where we can  find a volunteer, Mister Bailey?  But you'd find out more about us that way, and I'd get a better  officer in return. 
No, keep it open. I don't like this. Nothing since the first  check in. Scott and Sulu should've contacted us again a half an hour  ago.  Both those men are well aware of landing party procedure. They  should've checked in with us by now.  Enterprise. Kirk here.  One? Jackson, where are Scott and Sulu?  Jackson!  Notify Transporter room to prepare to beam up one member of the  landing party. Then have Doctor McCoy report to me in the Transporter  room on the double.  Energise.  Trouble. (one man materialises) Jackson, where are the others?  (The man falls over and off the transporter platform.)  Odd. Our probe data didn't indicate fog.  Readings, Mister Spock.  Kirk to Enterprise.  What are the ship's sensors reading now, Lieutenant? [Bridge] Lieutenant, can you hear me?  I don't know. There has to be some explanation for the fact that  the ship's sensors can't register anything but us, while we're picking  up readings of multiple life forms. Are they still there, Spock?  Stand-by alert.  (They check their phasers.)  Quiet.  (There's an eerie wailing, then the images of, well, the Three Witches  from Macbeth, appear.)  Who are you?  Spock. Comment?  A more useful comment, Mister Spock.  That's useful.  That's where we're going.  (A strong gust of wind blows them back.)  Kirk to Enterprise. Enterprise, come in.  What about it, Spock? Does this structure have anything to do  with communicator interference?  And it doesn't pick up on our ship's sensors.  Could it be exerting a force field of some kind that cuts into  our sensor scan.  If we weren't missing two officers and a third one dead I'd say  someone was playing an elaborate trick or treat on us.  Yes, Mister Spock. You'd be a natural. I'll explain it to you one  day. Shall we have a look around?  (sending them off in different directions) Bones. Spock. [Bridge] Straight ahead, Mister Spock?  Spock. Are you all right?  Bones? (sees another skeleton chained to the wall) Doc?  Dungeons, curses, skeletons and iron maidens. They're all Earth  manifestations. Why?  None of this parallels any human development. It's more like a  human nightmare.  Ghost stories, ogres, demons. The whole  (Footsteps, then the dungeon door opens. Down the steps walk - Scott  and Sulu! as if in a trance.)  Scotty, Sulu. Scotty. Put down the phaser. Scotty!  These two are alive. Scotty, do you hear me? Sulu, do you know  who I am? What's happened to you?  (Sulu holds up a very big key ring)  Whoever you are, you've proven your skill at creating illusion.  Now I want to know why and what you've done to my men.  Not when one of my men is dead because of it and two others  turned into mindless  Who are you? Why did you bring us here?  Why? For what reason? Why all the mumbo-jumbo?  That cat.  Superstition.  All right, Korob. What do you want from us?  You'll find us most unco-operative unless you start explaining  yourself.  We could manufacture a ton of these on our ship. They mean  nothing to us.  Whatever it is you read, you read it wrong. As for leaving, we'll  leave when we're ready.  Don't move! (hands it to Spock) Cover them. Now, I want the rest  of our weapons and our equipment. I want some answers.  You can't think a man to death.  Kirk to Enterprise. Come in. Come in. [Bridge] (The ship is at Red Alert.)  Never mind about us. What's happening up  there? [Bridge] DeSalle, channel bypass power into your heat  dissipation units.  All right. I'll handle it down here. Kirk out. (taking the model  from Sylvia and the phaser from Spock) You've won.  You seem to be singing a different tune. I'd rather know more  about yours. You call it magic, you call it science. It seems unrelated  to both of them.  I wouldn't attempt to name it, but you seem to do with your mind  what we do with tools. You alter matter, move it about by telekinesis.  It's too late for threats. You let me contact the ship. How long  do you think it will it be before a search party arrives?  We have nothing to discuss.  How long has it been?  Thanks. I wonder what they're doing to Doc.  Familiar. Startling. Not rational.  Ghosts, witches.  They tried to tap our conscious mind.  He expected me to react as though it were all normal. Well, he  admitted that they weren't native to this planet.  They refer to us as creatures, as though we were some species  that they were unfamiliar with. If we're creatures, I wonder what  they're really like.  Agreed. Totally alien. And I don't like hostile strangers showing  such an acute interest in our galaxy, our world, Spock. Not at all like  friendly visitors. We're going to have to stop them, cold. But at the  moment  Oh, Bones. Doc. [Drawing room] What now? You wave your magic wand and destroy my mind, too?  You don't call that damage?  You'd know if you had compassion. A woman should have compassion,  but I forget you're not a woman.  You seem to need us. Why?  What about Korob?  Why don't you simply probe my mind and get what you want?  You're very persuasive. What happens if I go along?  For the same reasons you excite me. You're a very beautiful  woman.  (He kisses her.)  You have a knack for giving me difficult choices. (kisses her  again) You have nothing like that where you come from?  Your people, when they come here  (nuzzling her neck) Transmuter?  Then it's a device. You do use tools.  You haven't changed your mind? You won't return home?  And why not? You've been using me and my crew.  (Enter Sulu, Scott and McCoy.)  I'm not leaving without my men.  Transmuter. Yes, she mentioned that.  Why a cat?  You'd better let us. (draws the phaser) It's out of energy. She  must have drained it. We could have jumped Scott and Sulu at any time.  We didn't know. No way out.  Do you think you can make it?  (to Korob) Get ready.  (Spock gets out into the corridor above.)  Korob, that door won't last.  Korob seemed to think this was important. Said something about a  transmuter.  (He throws the wand up to Spock.)  Doc.  (Then Sulu arrives. Spock neck-pinches Scott. Kirk parries Sulu's  martial arts attack until he can throw him against a door, when he is  knocked out.)  Well, at least we found them.  Maybe we do. (he gets the wand) Sylvia, I have the transmuter.  It's mine now.  Don't you get tired of these games?  I wasn't sure before, but I am now. This is the source of your  power, isn't it. The transmuter.  I catch on quickly.  Why? Because your people have nothing of your own? Is that why  you need us?  No.  I don't know what you are but you're not a woman. You've tortured  my men and taken their minds from them. You ask for love and return  pain instead.  That'll take some explaining, Bones.  Not everything.  (By his feet are two tiny blue fluffy creatures with stick-thin arms  and legs, and squid's tentacles for faces.)  Korob and Sylvia as they really are. Their forms were an  illusion, just like the castle and everything else. Only the power pack  gave them reality.  No illusion. Jackson is dead. Kirk to Enterprise. Come in.  Five to beam up. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Thank you, Mister Spock.  How is she, Doc?  Commissioner, I can assure you that once we reach the Enterprise,  with its medical facilities, we'll have you back to your job in time  for you to prevent that war.  In exactly four hours, twenty one minutes, Commissioner.  Yes?  That's odd. I've never seen anything like that before.  Staying right with us. Sensor readings, Mister Spock.  We've got it.  Neither do the pods. Communications are dead. Building overload.  Cut all power relays.  You already know as much as we do, Miss Hedford. Whatever that  thing is outside, it's yanked us off course from the Enterprise.  I know, Bones, but there's nothing I can do about it.  Miss Hedford, we'll do what we can, when we can. At the moment,  we're helpless. You might as well sit back and enjoy the ride. [Shuttlecraft] (The shuttlecraft has landed on a blue and purple  planet. It is surrounded by lots of very high cliffs.)  Enterprise, this is the Galileo. Come in, please, come in.  Enterprise, this is the Galileo. Come in, please. It's no good. We're  not transmitting. Bones?  Spock?  All right, we get out and get up. Issue phasers. Bones, maintain  full alert. Commissioner, you'll stay inside.  That's a very good question. I wish I could answer it. All right.  Let's go. [Planet surface] Take a look around, Bones.  (Spock checks the shuttlecraft for damage.)  Nothing wrong and nothing works.  There must be a reason.  Let's look a little further.  (Nancy comes out of the shuttlecraft.)  Bones, get a physiological reading on that, whatever it is.  We're real enough.  From the Federation.  I'm Captain James T. Kirk, commanding the starship Enterprise.  (they shake hands) This is my first officer Mister Spock.  Chief Surgeon Leonard McCoy.  Oh, and excuse me, Assistant Federation Commissioner Hedford.  Mister Cochrane. We were forced off our course and taken here by  some force we couldn't identify.  What about you, Cochrane? How did you get here?  If you don't mind, Mister Cochrane, I'd like more than just a  statement that you were marooned here. It's a long way off the beaten  path.  Yes, she is. And you've been out of circulation quite a while.  The principles may be new to you. Mister Spock, why don't you explain  our methods of propulsion to Mister Cochrane?  (Spock and Cochrane go to the other side of the shuttlecraft.)  I've noticed something else.  He looks familiar.  I can't quite place him, but. What about Miss Hedford?  Take Cochrane up on his offer. [Outside Cochrane's home] (Not a true vertical in the building, and palms in  the garden. It looks quite nice and  avant-garde.)  All the comforts of home indeed, Mister  Cochrane. Where'd you get the antiques?  Not that much.  (Hands a piece over to Spock to examine.)  Yes, I know. It means we're running out of time.  What was that?  You'll find I have a very low tolerance level where the safety of  my people are concerned. We find you out here, where no human has any  business being. We were virtually hijacked in space and brought here.  Now I'm not just requesting an explanation, Mister. I'm demanding one.  The what?  You seem perfectly all right now. What was the matter?  You were what?  Mister Cochrane, do you have a first name?  Zefram Cochrane of Alpha Centuri, the discoverer of the space  warp?  Isn't your story a little improbable, Mister Cochrane?  You say this Companion found you and rejuvenated you? What were  you doing in space at the age of eighty seven?  How long do we have?  Mister Cochrane, you say you were brought here a hundred and  fifty years ago? You don't look over thirty five.  You say you can communicate with it. Perhaps you can find out  what we're doing here.  You wouldn't mind telling us?  I already don't like it.  You mean you brought us here?  Spock, run additional tricorder readings. Learn anything you can.  Find me a weapon to use against this thing.  I intend to do whatever's necessary to get us off this planet and  Commissioner Hedford to the hospital. If the Companion stands in the  way,  then we push it out of the way. Clear, Spock?  Very well. You have your orders. (Spock leaves) Mister Cochrane,  if you left here, what would happen to you?  Do you want to leave here?  We're on a thousand planets and spreading out. We cross fantastic  distances and everything's alive, Cochrane. Life everywhere. We  estimate there are millions of planets with intelligent life. We  haven't begun to map them. Interesting?  It's all out there waiting for you, but we'll need your help to  get away.  You seem to think this Companion of yours can  do almost anything.  Could it cure her?  How do you communicate with it?  We've got to try. We're helpless. See if it can do something. [Outside Cochrane's home] How do you do it?  Bones, what do you make of that?  Exactly what I think. Not exactly like a pet owner speaking to a  beloved animal, would you  say?  Agreed. More like love.  (The Companion vanishes, so Kirk and McCoy go over to Cochrane.)  Well?  Then she'll die.  It troubles you, Cochrane?  It's also keeping you prisoner.  We're getting out of here, Cochrane. Face up to it. I'll do  anything I have to to save all of our lives.  Please. Outside.  Nor it ours. [Outside Cochrane's home] (Cochrane 'calls' and the Companion comes just as  before. When it has enveloped him, Kirk gives the word.)  Now.  (The jolt knocks Cochrane out and the Companion comes towards the  dwelling, apparently  angry.)  [Cochrane's home] (It enters, blows up Spock's contraption then  attacks Kirk and Spock. They are rolling around on the floor inside the  sparkly thing, clutching their throats.)  Yeah.  Cochrane got it off of us, but I don't know whether he did us a  favour or not.  How do you fight a thing like that? I've got a ship up there  somewhere, responsibility for four lives here, one of them dying  because of me.  I'm in command, Bones. It makes it my fault. How do you fight a  thing like that?  Spock.  The universal translator on the shuttlecraft. We can try that,  talk to that thing.  Adjust it, change it. The trouble with immortality is it's  boring. Adjusting the translator will give you something to do.  Right down your alley, Spock. Get it here and get to work. That  thing is still out there. Better go that way.  (Spock leaves, passing Nancy's bed)  Any change?  There are certain universal ideas and concepts common to all  intelligent life. This device instantaneously compares the frequency of  brainwave patterns, selects those ideas and concepts it recognises, and  then provides the necessary grammar.  With a voice or the approximation of whatever the creature is on  the sending end. Not one hundred percent efficient, but nothing ever  is. Ready, Mister Spock?  Mister Cochrane, call the Companion. [Outside Cochrane's home] (Cochrane summons the Companion.)  Companion. (It leaves Cochrane) We wish to talk to you.  Feminine. No doubt about it.  I'm way ahead of you.  No. A lover. Companion. It is wrong to keep us here against our  will.  One of us will cease to exist if we don't get her to a place  where we can care for her.  Companion, try to understand. It is the nature of our species to  be free, just as it is your nature to stay here. We will cease to exist  in captivity.  This isn't a classroom. I'm trying to get us out of here.  This isn't the time. Companion, what you offer us is not  continuation. It is non=existence. We will cease to exist. Even the man  will cease to exist.  We didn't.  The idea of male and female are universal constants, Cochrane.  There's no doubt about it. The Companion is female.  What are you complaining about? It kept you alive.  Companion, do you love the man?  Is he important to you, more important than anything? Is he as  though he were a part of you?  He will not continue. He will cease to exist. By your feeling for  him, you are condemning him to an existence he will find unbearable. He  will cease to exist.  You speak of his body. I speak of his spirit. Companion, inside  the shelter, a female of our species is dying. She will not continue.  That is what will happen to the man unless you release all of us.  Our species can only survive if we have obstacles to overcome.  You take away all obstacles. Without them to strengthen us, we will  weaken and die. You regard the man only as a toy. You amuse yourself  with him.  But you can't really love him. You haven't the slightest  knowledge of love, the total union of two people. You are the  Companion. He is the man. You are two different things. You can't join.  You can't love. You may keep him here forever, but you will always be  separate, apart from him.  Try to convince her of the hopelessness of it. Love sometimes  expresses itself in sacrifice. I thought maybe if she loved him, she'd  let him go.  I tried.  Bones?  What?  Bones?  We?  Spock, check out the shuttlecraft. Engine, communications,  everything.  Go ahead, Cochrane We have a few things to do.  (Cochrane and Nancy walk off hand in hand.) [Bridge] Perfectly all right. Can you get a fix on us.  [Bridge] Very good. I'll continue transmitting. Assume  standard orbit when you arrive. We'll transport up in the shuttlecraft.  [Bridge] Interesting story, Scotty. I can't tell you  now because, quite frankly, I don't know how it's going to end. Kirk  out.  (Somewhere in the vicinity, Nancy is holding up her scarf to mimic how  she saw Cochrane when she was a swirly thing.)  Stand by, Scotty.  (Cochrane and Nancy return.)  The Enterprise is waiting, Mister Cochrane.  Think it over, Mister Cochrane. There's a whole galaxy out there  waiting to honour you.  Are you sure?  All the best.  (They shake hands, and Kirk walks away.)  Not a word, Mister Cochrane.  Well, I'm sure the Federation can find another woman somewhere  who'll stop that war. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Yes, Mister Sulu. Report.  Very good. Have the transporter room stand by.  Analysis, gentlemen.  Yes, but in this case, with the more people we take down, the  greater chance we have of violating one of their taboos.  Very well. Scotty, you're in command. Bear in mind that the  Klingons have been sighted in this sector. While we're negotiating down  there, we don't want the Enterprise to become an incident up here.  I'm Captain Kirk.  Grant, no!  (Too late. A Capellan kills him with a kligat.)  He was young, and inexperienced.  Let me call my ship and inform them  So they keep their word scrupulously. They're unusually honest.  Is that what I heard you say, Doctor?  Dangerous if lied to, if their customs are violated. We lied to  no one, Doctor. We violated no customs. Perhaps you'll explain to me  why one of my men is dead.  Grant looked up, saw a Klingon, made a purely instinctive  defensive move. What's a Klingon doing down here among your  scrupulously honest friends anyway?  That's only one down, Doctor. There's over four hundred more up  there in orbit. And if there's a Klingon down here, there might be a  Klingon ship up there somewhere. [Bridge] Bones.  I shouldn't have chewed you out. I'm sorry.  Yes, you're quite right, Mister Spock. Inefficient and illogical.    (A woman enters with a large bowl of fruit.)  I'm Captain Kirk. First of all, I must protest the killing of my  crewman.  The Earth Federation offers one other thing, Akaar. Our laws. And  the highest of all our laws states that your world is yours and will  always remain yours. This differs us from the Klingons. Their empire is  made up of conquered worlds. They take what they want by arms and  force.  We need our communicators, those devices on our belts. If there's  a Klingon ship somewhere  Klingon! Communicators, weapons.  Type of vessel. Location.  Wait. If you lead these people now, be certain you make the right  decisions.  Or let the Klingon and me fight. It might amuse you.  No!  (There's a fight. Starfleet loses.)  I must assume that something's keeping them busy up there. The  Klingon ship.  That's a very good idea, Bones.  (knife at her throat) You said you're prepared to die. Does that  mean you'd prefer to die? I think we can get you safely to the ship.  Your choice. Bones.  All right. Let's go. [Settlement] (Maab is sitting on his throne out in the fresh air  as Kras paces near him.)  Stay with her, Bones. Nice place to get trapped in.  Yes, I see. Scout up the trail that way. See what we have in the  way of an exit. I'll take a look around.  Good. If we could block off that entrance, hold them off, it'd  give us more time. They'd have to go around these hills.  Do you think we could create a sonic disruption with two of our  communicators?  Well, if you don't think we can, maybe we shouldn't try.  Worried about the delivery?  Well, if you don't think you can handle it  There's a cave in there. Probably the only shelter around here.  Bones, you've got one of those magnesite-nitron tablets in your  kit. Give me one.  How did you arrange to touch her, Bones, give her a happy pill?  Never seen that in a medical book.  Vegetation, Captain. Evidently there's water  nearby.  Good, but we need weapons just as much as we need water, Spock.  Follow me. [Cave] Kirk to Enterprise. Come in. Kirk to  Enterprise. Come in.  (He gives up and tests a bow they have made.)  You mean it makes a good bowstring.  That's more like it. Since the Capellans never developed the bow,  this may come as big a surprise as gunpowder was on Earth.  (A beaming McCoy comes to summon the men back indoors.) [Cave] (The new-born is proudly shown off by the Doctor,  then handed to Spock, who has no idea how to cradle it.)  Our child?  What happened, Bones?  Bones, you took a medical oath long before you signed aboard my  ship. That small patient in there needs you. [Bridge] Spock. Spock!  The cavalry doesn't come over the hill in the nick of time  anymore.  There's just one thing I want.  One of us must get him.  Why not?  Klingon!  We missed you, Mister Scott.  An obscure Earth dialect, Mister Spock. Oochy-woochy coochy-coo.  If you're curious, consult linguistics.  Interesting?  We don't actually understand it ourselves, Mister Scott.  Contact Starfleet. Inform them the Federation  mining rights on Capella have been secured by treaty, documents signed  by the young high chief's regent. Report follows.  Yes, Eleen. Remarkable young lady.  Yes. I think it's a name destined to go down in galactic history,  Leonard. What do you think, Spock?  Take us out of orbit, Mister Sulu. Ahead warp factor one. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Bugs the? Well, carry out the standard procedures on Pollux Four.    Bones, could you get that excited over a cup of coffee?  Why, Bones? Scotty's a good man.  I like to think of it not so much losing an officer as gaining  Actually, I'm losing an officer.  Cartographic Detail, stand by.  Preliminary reports, Mister Spock.  Cartographic Sections, implement standard orders.  Analysis, Mister Spock.  What is it, Mister Spock? Is it a hand?  A trick, then? A projection?  Hard about.  Reverse all engines.  Lieutenant, relay our position and  circumstances to Starbase Twelve immediately.  Mister Sulu try rocking the ship. Full impulse power forward and  back.  Thank you. Mister Sulu?  Mister Spock. Status.  Thank you. Mister Sulu. Our forward tractor beams, adjust to  repel.  Activate.  Let's all take a look at it, Mister Spock.  Response frequencies, Lieutenant.  This is Captain James T. Kirk, commanding the USS Enterprise.  Please identify yourself.  Are you responsible for stopping the ship?  Give it back, then we'll talk.  I don't know who or what you are, but I must warn you we have the  power to defend ourselves. If you value your safety, release this ship.    Never mind the history lesson. Release the ship!  Compensate.  All right! Whatever you're doing, turn it off! You win!  Let's go, Bones. You in good voice?  If we don't accept his invitation, we'll have a crushed eggshell  where this ship used to be.  Insulted, Spock?  Good. We'll tackle him together. We already know the questions.  You're the best man to find the answers. [Temple] (Kirk, Scott, Chekov, McCoy and Lt Carolyn Palamas  beam down into a lightly wooded area in front of a Greek temple.)  Tricorders.  Come on.  (Apollo is sitting on a throne, lyre by his feet)  You know of Earth? You've been there?  You mentioned Agamemnon, Hector, Odysseus. How do you know about  them?  Mister Chekov.  And you haven't yet. Readings, Doctor.  Evidently not so simple.  All right. We're here at your invitation. Would you mind telling  us what you want without all the Olympian generalities?  Transporter room.  Enterprise, come in.  What is it you want?  If you want to play god and call yourself Apollo, that's your  business, but you're no god to us, Mister.  And you've got a lot to learn!  Analysis. Lieutenant Palamas, what do you know about Apollo?  And this thing? (the temple)  I think the appearance of this is for our benefit. Bones?  Fine, but what power, and where is it? Scout around with your  tricorders. Find the source of that power. Bones.  (Scott, Chekov and Carolyn wander off.)  Bones, I wonder if five thousand years ago  I have an idea. What if he is really Apollo?  Apollo, we're willing to talk, but you'll find we don't bow to  every creature who happens to have a bag of tricks.  I have four hundred and thirty people on that ship up there.  Scotty. (picks up the twisted and melted weapon) Very impressive.  How'd you do it?  Bones, how is he?  He would have been rather difficult to stop.  Mister Chekov, I think you'd better continue your investigation.  How do you feel, Scotty?  It would seem so.  Mister Scott, I understand your concern over her, but she  volunteered to go with him, hopefully to find out more about him. She's  doing her job. I think it's about time you started doing yours. We've  got to find out the source of his power. You've got a tricorder. Use it  if you're able to.  And one more thing. I want no more unauthorised action against  Apollo or whatever he is. That's an order!  Besides, you stiff-necked thistle head, you could have gotten  yourself killed.  Apollo's no god. But he could have been taken for one, though,  once. Say five thousand years ago, a highly sophisticated group of  space travellers landed on Earth around the Mediterranean.  Especially if they had the power to alter their form at will and  command great energy. In fact, they couldn't have been taken for  anything else. [Bridge] I've just picked up readings for our own people, sir.  Apollo has no difficulty focusing. He taps that energy, Mister  Scott.  Are you suggesting that he, Apollo, taps a flow of energy and  channels it through his body?  Mister Chekov, I think you've earned your pay for the week. But  where is the source of that power?  Is that all you have to offer?  Bones, is it possible  Where's Lieutenant Palamas?  Scotty!  All right, mister. You wanted worshippers? You've got enemies.  You want us to bow down, you'll have to  (Kirk clutches his throat and falls to the ground, choking.)  Take care of Scotty.  Where's Apollo?  Don't you mean the English story, the Cheshire Cat?  All right, all right, all right.  Very good, Mister Chekov. That might very well mean something.  We've got to get out of here.  Well, let's assume that five thousand years ago creatures like  our friend Apollo did indeed visit Earth and form the basis of the  Greek classic myths.  Most mythology has its basis in fact. If I remember my ancient  legends, the gods, after expending energy, required rest, even as we  humans.  Something like that. Remember, he's keeping a force field on the  ship and he's expending energy down here. You said he looked pained and  tired when he disappeared. If we can wear him out, overwork him, that  might do it.  If we can provoke him so that he strikes one of us again, there's  a chance that he'll be drained enough so the rest of us can jump him.  Not all of us, Bones. When he comes back, it's a chance we'll  have to take. [Bridge] (Uhura is underneath the communications station,  doing some soldering.)  You know nothing about our kind. You know only our remote  ancestors who trembled before your tricks. Your tricks don't frighten  us, neither do you. We've come a long way in five thousand years.  Mankind has no need for gods. We find the one quite adequate.  We're busy. (quietly) Look after the girl.  Go! Gather laurel leaves? You must be joking!  Lieutenant, get back.  We're tired of your phony fireworks!  Lieutenant!  Lieutenant!  Lieutenant.  And you will supply the herds of sheep, and the pipes we'll play,  and the simple skins we'll wear for clothes.  We were doing something until our brave lady stepped in and saved  us.  Yes, I have. One more. And it depends on the lieutenant's  loyalty. If she fails us, we'd better get used to herding goats. [Water's side] Kirk to Enterprise, come in. Enterprise, come  in. Kirk to Enterprise, come in. Kirk to  Scotty, I'll find out.  How old are you?  Then I'd better handle it. (goes over to a very satisfied looking  woman) You all right?  Come over there. Well?  All right, Lieutenant, you can come down from Mount Olympus now.  You've got work to do.  He thrives on love, worship, attention.  We can't give him that worship, none of us can. Especially you.  Spurn him. Reject him. You must. You're special to him.  Lieutenant. All our lives, here and on the ship, depend on you.  On you, Lieutenant! Reject him, and we have a chance to save  ourselves. Accept him, and you condemn all of us to slavery, nothing  less than slavery. We might never get help this far out. Or perhaps the  thought of spending an eternity bending knee and tending sheep appeals  to you.  Give me your hand. Your hand. (she does) Now feel that. Human  flesh against human flesh. We're the same. We share the same history,  the same heritage, the same lives. We're tied together beyond any  untying. Man or woman, it makes no difference. We're human. We couldn't  escape from each other even if we wanted to. That's how you do it,  Lieutenant. By remembering who and what you are. A bit of flesh and  blood afloat in a universe without end. The only thing that's truly  yours is the rest of humanity. That's where our duty lies. Do you  understand me?  Lieutenant. You have your orders and your duty.  Kirk here. [Bridge] There is indeed, Mister Spock.  Very good. How are you doing on the force field? [Bridge] Well, that ought to do it. Have Sulu lock all  phaser banks onto the structure. Fire on my order only. Cut it fine.  We'll be standing nearby.  ]Bridge] If that structure is the source of his power,  I want to know where he is when we attack it. [Bridge] Bones, do you think that mysterious organ in  Apollo's chest could have something to do with the transmission of  energy?  Yes, I know. I know. Scotty. We'll wait. [Water's side] (There's some very passionate kissing going on.)  (answers communicator) Kirk here.  Stand by your phasers, Mister Spock. Prepare  to fire on my signal. Kirk out.  We've got to be here when he comes back.  Scotty, just hold on!  (Carolyn falls to the ground in the strong winds, and a giant image of  Apollo looms over her amid the lightning flashes.)  All right. The temple is his power source. Let's bring him back  to it. Get to cover. Mister Spock, fire those phasers.  Fire those phasers! That's an order, Mister Spock! [Bridge] Scotty!  We've out grown you. You asked for something we could no longer  give.  So do I. They gave us so much. The Greek civilisation, much of  our culture and philosophy came from a worship of those beings. In a  way, they began the Golden Age. Would it have hurt us, I wonder, just  to have gathered a few laurel leaves? <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Lieutenant, get me Admiral Komack at  Starfleet Command, Sector Nine. Pipe it down to McCoy's office. 
Can you pinpoint it any closer, Lieutenant?  But that's incredible. The star in this system is still intact.  Only a nova could destroy like that.  Continue a search pattern.  Every solar system in this sector blasted to rubble and still no  sign of the Constellation. Matt Decker's in command. What could have  happened to him?  Try to raise it, Lieutenant.  Approach course, Mister Sulu.  (They arrive at a ship hanging crookedly in space. It looks identical  to Enterprise.)  It's the Constellation. Look at that.  She was attacked. Red alert! Red alert! Man your battle stations!    Mister Sulu?  Very good. Initiate a full sensor scan of the immediate area for  any other vessel.  Lieutenant Palmer.  Keep trying. Mister Spock, full evaluation of the damage to the  Constellation.  Life support systems?  Radiation levels?  All hands, go to Yellow Alert. Stand by battle stations.  Lieutenant, have Doctor McCoy, Mister Scott, and a damage control party  report to me in the transporter room.  We're going to board her. Mister Spock, you're in command.  Scotty, check the phaser banks. See if they've been fired. Bones,  you come with me.  No clutter, no half-empty cups of coffee.  Whatever happened didn't happen without a warning. [Constellation Engineering] The crew wasn't abducted, they just left.  Kirk to Enterprise.  No survivors, no bodies either. [Bridge] We'll continue our search. Kirk out. [Constellation Corridor] (Scott returns to the beam-in point.)  Phaser banks?  But where are they? I can't imagine a man like Matt Decker  abandoning ship while his life support systems were still operative.  Matt. Matt, it's Jim Kirk.  Matt? Matt.  What happened to your ship, Matt?  What thing? What was it?  Answer me! What was it? What happened, Matt?  Go.  The fourth planet. Only two left now. Scotty, pull the microtapes  from the sensor memory banks and beam them aboard to Spock. I want a  full analysis, a complete report of what happened when they went in on  that planet.  What happened to your crew?  What hit? What attacked you?  Matt, where's your crew?  There is no third planet.  Go.  Deactivated? Scotty, could some kind of general energy dampening  field do that, and would the same type of thing account for the heavy  subspace interference?  What does it look like?  What is it, an alien ship? Or is it alive, or is it  Matt, your log stated that the fourth planet was breaking up. You  went in to investigate.  Did you run a scanner check on it? What kind of a beam?  (answers communicator) Kirk here.  What about the Constellation's tapes? [Bridge] A robot weapon that purposely destroys entire  solar systems. Why? [Bridge] Thank you. Stand by, Mister Spock. Kirk out.  We don't know. An alien race, apparently from another galaxy.  Bones, did you ever hear of a doomsday machine?  It's a weapon built primarily as a bluff. It's never meant to be  used. So strong, it could destroy both sides in a war. Something like  the old H-Bomb was supposed to be. That's what I think this is. A  doomsday machine that somebody used in a war uncounted years ago.  They don't exist anymore, but the machine is still destroying.  Take it easy.  There's no ship to leave. It's a dead hulk! We'll take her in  tow. I'll stay onboard and get her ready. You go back to the Enterprise  with the doctor and let him help you.  Kirk to Enterprise. Have the transporter room beam Doctor McCoy  and Commodore Decker on board immediately. [Transporter room] (As Kyle beams them aboard, Spock's impassionate  voice can be heard.)  Whatever it is, we can't let it go beyond us to the next solar  system. We have to stop it. If it's a robot, what are the chances of  deactivating it? [Bridge] All right. Lower your deflector screens Long  enough to beam us aboard.  Spock? Spock? Come in, Spock. Spock? We're stuck, blind, and  deaf.  Well, we just can't stand around while our ship is being  attacked. Scotty, you've got to get me some manoeuvering power.  Then get me impulse power. Half-speed, quarter-speed, anything.  If we get this hulk moving, maybe we can do something.  Then get moving.  Washburn, you get in there. Let's see what we can do about this  viewing screen. I've got to find out what's happening out there. [Bridge] Kirk here. [Constellation Engineering] You worry about your miracles, Scotty, I'll  worry about mine. Get to work. [Constellation Engineering] Washburn, try the 2G6 circuit. [Bridge] Ready to give it a try?  Scotty, how you doing? [Constellation Engineering] Yes, I think (an image of tiny Enterprise and the giant planet  killer comes on screen) What the devil's going on? [Bridge] Kirk to Enterprise. Come in. Enterprise, come  in. Mister Spock, come in. Kirk to Enterprise. Scotty, where's that  power? [Constellation Engineering] Washburn, get down to Engineering. Assist  Mister Scott.  Scotty, push it right to the edge. This ship has got to  manoeuver.  Scotty, give me that power. [Constellation Engineering] That'll do. Full ahead, Mister Scott.  (A sudden jolt as Constellation overcomes inertia.)  That's it, Mister Scott. Keep that power coming. [Bridge] Keep pouring it on, Scotty. [Constellation Engineering] We're moving, the Enterprise isn't. Maybe  that thing will see us and let the Enterprise go. If I only had some  phasers. [Constellation Engineering] Scotty, you've just earned your pay for the  week. Stand by. Fire phasers.  (One beam lances out, and the monster turns.) [Bridge] Mister Scott, it worked. Great. (sees that  maw turning towards them) I think it's great. Scotty, get us out of  here. [Bridge] Matt. What's going on? Give me Mister Spock. [Bridge] Give me Spock.  There's only one thing I want to say to you,  Commodore. Get my ship out of there. [Bridge] How long to repair warp drive?  Take evasive action, Mister Sulu. [Bridge] Mister Spock, relieve Commodore Decker  immediately. That's a direct order. [Bridge] Blast regulations! Mister Spock, I order you  to assume command on my personal authority as Captain of the  Enterprise. [Bridge] Fine. Just make sure you stay ahead of it.  (Back on the Enterprise, Decker fights Montgomery when they exit  turbolift two. It takes a while, but eventually the red-shirt is  knocked out and dragged into a side room. Decker then makes his way to  the shuttlecraft hangar deck.)  [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Yes, Scotty. [Constellation Engineering] Keep it going, Scotty, keep it going. Mister  Spock.  I'm plotting an intercept course. Will rendezvous with you at  fourteen thirteen point seven hours. [Bridge] Kirk to Enterprise. Why are you launching a  shuttlecraft? [Bridge] This is Kirk. Matt, you'll be killed. [Shuttlecraft] No one expects you to die for an error in  judgment. [Shuttlecraft] Matt. Matt, listen to me. You can't throw  your life away like this. Matt, you're a starship commander. That makes  you a valuable commodity. [Shuttlecraft] We're stronger with you than without you!  (The shuttlecraft enters the planet killer, and Decker dies in agony  from the radiation.) [Bridge] Kirk here. [Bridge] It's regrettable that he died for nothing. [Bridge] Negative. [Bridge] Except possibly the destruction of that thing  out there. Carry out your orders, Mister Spock. [Bridge] Spock, listen. Maybe Matt Decker didn't die  for nothing. He had the right idea but not enough power to do it. Am I  correct in assuming  that a fusion explosion of ninety seven megatons will result if a  starship impulse engine is overloaded? [Bridge] Ninety seven point eight three five. Will it  be powerful enough to destroy that thing out there? [Bridge] Not through it, Spock, from inside it. Will  it be enough? [Bridge] Do the best you can and make it fast. Kirk to  Scott. [Constellation Engineering] Good. Scotty, can you set the ship's impulse  engines to overload? [Constellation Engineering] Set it and get up here as fast as you can.  Spock, you don't know?  I intend to get a lot closer. I'm going to  ram her right down that thing's throat. [Bridge] No. No, I don't intend to die, Mister Spock.  We've rigged a delay detonation device. You'll have thirty seconds to  beam me aboard the Enterprise before the Constellation's impulse  engines blow. [Bridge] A calculated risk, Mister Spock.  A chance I'll have to take. Kirk out.  What about the detonator?  Understood. Mister Spock. Prepare to beam Scotty on board.  Thank you. [Transporter room] (It takes longer than usual to materialise Mister  Scott.)  I can't. Power level's dropping too fast.  You'd better hurry.  Prepare to beam me aboard on my signal. [Bridge] Beam me aboard. [Bridge] Gentlemen, beam me aboard.  Gentlemen, I suggest you beam me aboard. [Bridge] Mister Sulu, ease us back to minimum headway. Conserve power as  much as possible. Lieutenant Palmer, tell Mister Scott to expedite  repairs on the warp drive. Poor Matt. He gave his life in an attempt to  save others. Not the worst way to go.  Indeed it shall, Mister Spock. Ironic, isn't it? Way back in the  20th century, the H-Bomb was the ultimate weapon, their doomsday  machine, and we used something like it to destroy another doomsday  machine. Probably the first time such a weapon has ever been used for  constructive purposes.  Well, I certainly hope not. I found one quite sufficient. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Obviously a man of good taste.  Yes, yes, yes. The Argelians think very highly of their pleasure.    Do you like her, Scotty?  Good. I've invited her to join us at the table. I thought you  might like to meet her.  Scotty, Scotty. In Argelius they use the lights.  Have one of our pillows?  (The man leaves as she sits.)  We won't leave without you, Scotty. Relax and enjoy yourself.  (Scott and Kara leave) My work is never done.  Physically he's all right. Am I right in assuming that?  He seems he's overcoming his resentment.  Mission accomplished as far as Scotty is concerned. Bones, I know  a little place across town where the women  Stabbed, a dozen times.  (And standing by a wall, groaning, with a bloody knife in his hand, is  Montgomery Scott.  Captain's log, stardate 3614.9. Planet Argelius  Two. While on therapeutic shore leave, Mister Scott has fallen under  suspicion of having brutally murdered an Argelian woman. The chief city  administrator, Mister Hengist, has taken charge of the investigation,  but has learned little of value.  [Cafe] We're just as shocked as you are, Mister Hengist.  Scotty, you left the cafe with the girl. Do you remember that?  What happened next?  Scotty, you've got to remember.  I know a murder's been committed.  It doesn't make any difference what I think.  Bones, I have a diplomatic responsibility. This happened under  Argelian jurisdiction. If they want to arrest him, try him, even  convict him, I have to go along with it.  We'll do what we can.  Yes. Mister Hengist, there were other people in the cafe about  the time of the murder. Several of them left just before Mister Scott  and the girl did.  What's the law in these cases?  Yes, we've heard of it. I assumed it was a lost art.  Depending on your wife's empathic abilities is all very well,  Prefect, but there's only one way we can find out what it is Mister  Scott cannot remember.  Since you find it impossible to let us go back up to our ship, I can  beam down a technician with a psycho-tricorder.  Kirk to Enterprise. [Bridge] Mister Spock, beam down a technician with a  psycho-tricorder, please. Use these co-ordinates. [Bridge] Kirk out.  Well, that would be most unfortunate. Argelian hospitality is  well-known, as well as its strategic importance as a space port.  Lieutenant, I want a twenty four hour regressive memory check  made on Mister Scott.  Scotty, co-operate completely with Lieutenant Tracy. Maybe we'll  clear this thing up.  But that blow on the head. It could put all his previous  behaviour patterns into the junk heap.  Explain.  The knife? No.  Scotty.  Stabbed over and over again. [Jaris' home] Lieutenant Tracy is dead, Scott. You were found alone in the  room.  What happened down there?  That head injury. Think, Scotty.  There's no way into that place from up here. Prefect, is there  another entrance to that chamber?  Check it.  (McCoy leaves and Hengist enters. He is accompanied by the man from the  next table and one of the musicians.)  Where've they been during the past few minutes?  There's been another murder, Hengist. One of my crew.  Stabbed. And there's no sign of the weapon.  You. You were a musician at the cafe. You played for the murdered  girl.  And you. You left the cafe before Scott and Kara.  Did you know Kara?  Jealousy has often been a motive for murder.  Can you prove you went directly home?  Well get on with it, man. Just don't stand there.  Well of course I'm trying to save my friend, if he's innocent.  And he hasn't been proven guilty.  On one condition, Prefect. That the room be sealed so that no one  can leave or enter while the ceremony is going on.  Kirk here.  Yes. Excuse me, gentlemen. (moves away from the group) Yes,  Mister Spock? [Bridge] What do you suggest, Mister Spock? [Bridge] These are a proud people. They have their own  customs, their own laws, and while we're here we're subject to them. It  is absolutely imperative  that this matter be resolved according to Argelian law. Is that clear? [Bridge] I don't like it any more than you do, Spock,  but there's nothing we can do about it. Kirk out,  (Everyone is holding hands around the brazier.)  Three murders, and Scotty the only possible answer each time.  Normally, no, but that blow on his head could  But not responsible.  We can prove it, if he's insane.  That's what we hope to find out, sir.  Mister Hengist. On the Enterprise, we can make a recording of the  registrations of Mister Scott's conscious and subconscious mind.  They will tell us what happened to him in the recent past.  No doubt will remain.  Each testifier will sit here, place his hand  on this plate. Any deviation from factual truth will be immediately  detected and relayed to this computer which will in turn notify us.  Doctor McCoy has already fed the computer his medical reports. Our  laboratory experts are examining the murder weapon and will give their  data to the computers for analysis. Shall we begin?  (Jaris nods.)  Mister Scott, will you take the stand?  (Scott sits on the raised chair and puts his right hand on the sensor  plate. Yet at no time does the camera let us see all his finger.)  Computer, identify verification.  Subject's present physical condition.  Sufficient abnormalities to account for periods of functional  amnesia?  Unless Scotty's lying about his loss of memory.  Computer, accuracy scan.  All right, Scotty, let's have it.  Something? You mean someone.  Computer.  All right. Let's hit it on the head. Scotty, did you kill Sybo?  Scotty, lie to me. How old are you?  After the lights went out, Mister Scott, who was holding your  hand?  The verifier showed that he was telling the truth when he said he  didn't kill her.  Mister Scott. Did you kill Kara?  Did you kill Lieutenant Tracy?  Computer, accuracy scan.  After we take the testimony here, we'll run a psycho-tricorder  analysis of Mister Scott's memory, which is what we wanted to do on the  surface. That will give us a complete record. Will that satisfy you,  Mister Hengist?  There will be no error. As for the rest of it, the readings will  show. You can step down, Mister Scott, if there are no objections.  We can ask no more. Mister Morla, will you take the stand?  (He does so.)  Where were you at the time that Kara was murdered?  Did you kill Lieutenant Tracy?  Did you kill Sybo?  Computer, verification scan.  All right, Mister Morla, I think you can step down now. Sybo  spoke of a hunger that never dies. Something that thrives on fear,  terror, death. Mister Spock, maybe we're going about it in the wrong  way. Let's assume that Sybo was a sensitive. That she did sense  something, something evil.  All right, then, what was it she said, exactly? A monstrous evil,  ancient terror.  She said something else, words that didn't make sense.  Obscure, meaningless words.  Ah. Mister Spock, check them out.  Jack the Ripper?  Yes, all men die. And Jack the Ripper couldn't be alive if he  were a man. But everything we've uncovered points to Jack the Ripper,  which is an impossibility, isn't it? Or is it?  We know that someone or something killed three women. If it's  impossible for it to be human, it has to be something else. Something  driven to kill.  No, Mister Hengist, not ghosts. Possibly not human, but not  ghosts. Mister Spock, check out the possibilities.  Computer, could the described entity assume physical form?  No, I've seen the mellitus myself. In its natural state, it's  gaseous. When it's at rest, it's solid. Mister Spock, let's assume the  existence of this creature.  Doesn't seem likely, does it?  All right, Mister Spock, what do we have? A creature without  form, that feeds on horror and fear, that must assume a physical shape  to kill.  Computer. Criminological files. Cases of unsolved mass murders of  women since Jack the Ripper.  Yes. When man moved out into the galaxy, that thing must've moved  with him. Computer, identify the proper names Kesla and Beratis.  You come from Rigel Four.  No, but what we're investigating is. Would you mind taking the  stand, Mister Hengist?  And you were unaccounted for when Lieutenant Tracy was murdered.  Perhaps. Mister Spock. The murder weapon.  Now then, Mister Hengist  (But Hengist tries to make a break for it, even landing a very good  kick on Kirk, who repays him with an even better right cross. Hengist  falls to the floor.)  But that's impossible.  (The lights dim eerily.)  And the computer controls the ship.  Audio cut off, Spock.  It means that thing can control the entire operation of the ship,  including the life support systems.  All hands, this is the captain. Stay at your posts. Remain calm.  Captain out. Bones. What's the sedative situation?  Good. Start distribution immediately. The longer we can hold back  that fear, the more time we'll have to get that thing out of the  computer. Prefect, you'll all be safer here. Spock, come with me. [Corridor] Spock, don't you have a compulsory scan unit  built into the computer banks?  Aren't there certain mathematical problems which simply cannot be  solved?  That ought to do it. [Turbolift] Spock!  (The door nearly closes before he is inside.)  Too quickly. Bridge.  (But the lights indicate they are going down quickly, not up.)  Out of control. Put it on manual. Bridge.  (They start going up, then an alarm goes off.)  That was due to be next. Life-support malfunction.  You said it yourself, Spock. It wants terror, not just death. [Bridge] All right. Man your station, Mister Sulu.  Cut that thing off.  Try and cut that thing off.  Man your post, Mister Sulu. (to all the crew) Prepare your manual  overrides. You may need them.  Spock.  That should be enough time. Let's get at it.  Never mind, Mister Sulu.  (A nurse enters.)  Tranquilliser?  Everyone, including yourself.  Spock?  Yes, I know.  If you destroy this ship, you destroy yourself.  Man your post, Mister. If any of the other systems go out, switch  to manual override, and above all, don't be afraid.  Implement.  Yes, that should keep that thing busy for a while. The Argelians  will be the first to panic. Let's get back to the briefing room.  I doubt very much whether the computers will be inhabited by more  than a group of figures for a while.  How are you doing?  Yes, but where to? Bones, what would happen if that thing entered  a tranquillised body?  You say everyone's had a shot but you and Jaris?  Well, I'm willing to take a chance on Mister Spock. Better give  yourself a shot, Doc.  Do as I say.  (McCoy injects himself.)  Extend your arm, Mister Jaris.  Let's get him to the Transporter Room, quick!  Deep space. Full power. Widest angle of  dispersion. Maintain.  You do it, Spock.  No. We beamed it out into open space, Scotty. Widest possible  dispersion.  But it will die finally. You seem very happy about the whole  thing.  Bones, how long will it take for this tranquilliser to wear off?  Yes, I can see that. Well Mister Spock, for the next five or six  hours, we're going to have the happiest crew in space. Of course, we  won't get much work done.  That's a splendid idea, Mister Spock. I know a cafe where the  women are so  You, gentlemen? In your condition? Don't be ridiculous. Mister  Spock, this cafe has women that are so. (met with a Look) No, I guess  not. Alone?  (Kirk goes to the door and gestures for everyone to leave.)  Gentlemen.  <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Captain here. 
Start your readings.  (McCoy and two more guards beam down.)  It is spectacular, isn't it?  Well, the last scout ship reported some pretty strange sensor  readings. Starfleet wants it investigated  and the inhabitants contacted. We do what we're told.  Are you sure about that?  I know. Almost impossible.  Just outside Moscow. All right. There's a village about seventeen  kilometres away on bearing two three two. We'll head that way.  (A planet turns to face the away team, and a guard walks up to it.)  What did somebody say? That paradise must've looked like this?  Captain's log, stardate 3715.3. While making a  routine exploration of the unexplored Gamma Trianguli Six, one of my  men has been killed by a poisonous plant.  [Planet surface] As soon as we get out of the way, beam the  body up. [Bridge] What is it? [Bridge] What's causing it?  But you say there's nothing to worry about? [Bridge] Well, stay on top of it. We've got a job to  down here. We might as well finish it. [Bridge] Yeah, it's nice. If we're a little more  careful, we shouldn't run into any more trouble. [Bridge] We'll do the walking, Scotty. You get on the  antimatter pod. If it gets worse, let me know, we'll beam up. Kirk out.    Scotty will handle it. We've got a job to do. Turn up anything on  your tricorder?  That's strange.  Mallory.  We're heading for the village. Avoid contact with the humanoids.  I want you and Marple to make a full reconnaissance. And be careful.  There may be other dangers besides poisonous plants. Keep in constant  communication.  What is it?  Mister Chekov, Yeoman Landon. I know you find each other  fascinating, but we're not here to conduct a field experiment in human  biology.  Whatever it is, it moves like a cat.  Neither do I. All hands. We've been watched, we'll probably be  watched. We're moving out. Formation L.  (They set off in single file, a guard in the lead and Chekov bringing  up the rear.)  (Along the way, Spock notices a very flat rock and picks it up.)  Would you mind being careful where you throw your rocks, Mister  Spock?  Garden of Eden, with land mines.  (Spock puts the other piece of rock down very carefully, and they  continue their route march. An occasional bush rustle indicates they  are being watched.)  [Bridge] Kirk here.  Why? [Bridge] We're heading there now, Scotty. You need any help? [Bridge] All right, Scotty. We'll try and find out what's going on down  here. Kirk out.  Some kind of generator?  What's that?  Peculiar stuff to find in paradise.  Spock! Spock! Security alert. Is he alive?  (McCoy injects Spock.)  Kirk to Enterprise.  We're beaming up. Notify transporter room. And make arrangements  to pick up Mallory and Marple. They're scouting ahead of us. [Bridge] All hands. [Bridge] Energise. [Bridge] Scotty, energise. Scotty, what's the matter? [Bridge] Scotty, is the transporter malfunction tied  in with trouble you're having with the antimatter pods?  Spock. Are you all right?  Just what do you think you were trying to do?  Stepped in front and took the thorns yourself.  I see. Well next time, just yell. I can step out of the way as  quickly as the next man.  Trying to get yourself killed. Do you know how much Starfleet has  invested in you?  Never mind. But thanks. Kaplan, take the post.  Not only is something after us, but it's after the ship as well.  Thirty seconds ago, there wasn't a cloud in the sky.  (A lightning strike hits Kaplan, and he is burnt to ash instantly.)  Come on!  (They take cover, and the storm passes as quickly as it came. They find  the smoldering  remains of Kaplan.)  Phasers. A beautiful day, Mister Spock. Not a cloud in the sky.  Just like paradise. (The scouting party has reached a collection of  round huts - very African.)  Kirk here. [Village] Mallory. Mallory, you all right? Come in! [Village] Mallory. Mallory, you all right? Mallory!  On the double.  (They run off, sort of. Meanwhile Mallory is running for his life.)  Mallory! Marple, stand back! Watch it! The rocks! (kneeling by  the body) Kaplan. Hendorff. I know Kaplan's family. Now Mallory.  His father helped me get into the Academy.  I could've prevented all of it.  A walk in paradise, among the green grass and flowers. We  should've beamed up at the first sign of trouble.  I also have the option to disregard those orders if I consider  them overly hazardous. This isn't that important a mission, Spock. Not  worth the lives of three of my men. I drop my guard for a minute  because I like the smell of growing things, and now three men are dead.  And the ship's in trouble.  Marple, Chekov, at attention. Gentlemen, something or someone is  behind that rock. I want it. Marple, cut around the rock to your right.  Make a loud noise. Be careful. (Marple leaves) Spock, you and Chekov  create a diversion and make it loud.  I won't hurt you. Do you understand? I won't hurt you.  Well, I won't strike you again. You've been following us,  watching us. Why?  Who is Vaal?  Do you have a name?  They're not going to hurt you. I promise you. Akuta, Akuta, we  come in peace. We would like to speak to this Vaal.  Antennae?  You speak of the people of Vaal. Are they nearby?  Kirk here. [Bridge] Scotty, are the warp drives still out? [Bridge] Put it on maximum. Full emergency circuits. [Bridge] Maintain full reverse thrust against the  pull. Put a team on that warp drive. Get it working. [Bridge] Scotty, you're my Chief Engineer. You know everything about that  ship there is to know. More than the men who designed it. If you can't  get those warp engines working [Bridge] Tell me about Vaal.  Take me to him. I wish to speak to him.  I'll take my chances. [Vaal] (Akuta leads them to a giant rock serpent head with  green and yellow eyes, sticking out of a cliff. It looks like there is  a fire in it's throat.)  But this is not the centre, Mister Spock.  A force field?  You all right?  Akuta, how do you talk to Vaal?  Well, we can't get to it. We can't talk to it unless it wants to  talk to us.  When does he get hungry?  Where are the others?  The children.  Little ones like yourselves. They grow.  Well, thank you. It does something for you.  Nothing makes sense down here. Kirk to Enterprise.  Status report, Scotty. [Planet surface] I'm sick of hearing that word can't. Get that  ship out of there. [Bridge] Then use your imagination. Tie every ounce of  power the ship has into the impulse engines. Discard the warp drive  nacelles if you have to, and crack out of there with the main section,  but get that ship out of there! [Bridge] Do it. Kirk out.  Report.  I see. Opinion.  Add to that a simple diet, a perfectly controlled temperature, no  natural enemies, apparently no vices, no replacements needed. Maybe it  is paradise after all.  (A gong sounds outside, and all the villagers are heading off towards  Vaal.) [Village] Mister Spock. [Vaal] (The villagers are walking into the serpent's mouth  and depositing plates of fruit down it's throat. Kirk and Spock watch  from behind a shrub.)  Well, the field's down, people are going in. Let's see what kind  of luck we have.  (But as soon as they stand, the eyes light up and there is a rumble of  thunder.)  That's not the way.  But it needs to eat. Frequently. So it can't have any great power  reserves.  What happens if Vaal weakens around feeding time? Spock, check  the electromagnetic section of the astrophysics lab. Get an estimate of  the total amount of energy being expended against the ship. Have them  measure it hour by hour.  Mess call.  Gentlemen, I think this philosophical argument can wait until our  ship's out of danger. Kirk here. [Bridge] Did it maintain, Scotty? [Bridge] Good. Keep monitoring. How are you coming  along with the circuit switchover? [Bridge] That's cutting it a bit fine, Scotty. [Bridge] Kirk out. [Hut] Yeoman, you're wasting energy.  Sit down, and have something to eat.  That hasn't happened yet. I wonder what would happen? Yeoman,  speculate. What would happen if someone on this planet died?  Accidents happen.  They'd need a replacement. Opinion, Mister Spock?  Mister Spock? You're the science officer. Why don't you explain  it to the young lady.  Bones was right. These people aren't living, they're existing.  They don't create, they don't produce, they don't even think. They  exist to service a machine.  These are people, not robots. They should have the opportunity of  choice. We owe it to them to interfere.  I'll take my chances. Why don't you have a look around? Kirk to  Enterprise. Mister Scott?  (Spock leaves)  How's it going, Scotty? [Bridge] You realise that within forty five minutes,  the ship will be pulled down into the atmosphere? [Bridge] Yes, I  Kirk out. What is it?  Vaal, we are on a peaceful mission. We mean no harm to you or  your people.  (The sky darkens.)  Let's get out of here!  (But Spock is hit, with a nice hole in the back of his tunic.) [Village] Bones!  Marple!  (The red-shirt is struck by Akuta. The other men are easily eluded,  disarmed and dealt with.)  Put them in the hut. Find out where the women are. Put them in  there, too.  All right, Scotty, put her in full reverse.  Get her out of there. [Bridge] Scotty, what happened?  You're fired. Four hundred people  They'll die because I couldn't see a warning sign. I had to  follow orders, always orders.  (The gong sounds, and the people of Vaal try to leave the hut.)  Bones, that's it. Stay with Chekov. Keep those people from  feeding Vaal. Don't let them feed Vaal. Keep them in the hut. Mister  Spock.  (They head off through the shrubs.)  Scotty, do you still have phaser power? [Bridge] If my guess is correct, they won't have to.  Stand by. [Hut] Tapping its energy cells.  Good. The ship's pulling away must have weakened it considerable.  It has to be fed, but its reserve capacity could hold out for days.  My plan exactly. Scotty. [Bridge] Scotty, commence firing and maintain. [Bridge] Good. Let's see how long he can do it.  (The green glow arrives at the snake's head as the storm clouds gather.  The lightning flashes, and small explosions go off inside Vaal. Smoke  comes out of its mouth. Finally, the eyes stop glowing and the throat  goes dark.)  Scotty, cease fire.  (The sun breaks through the clouds again.)  Mister Scott, status report. [Bridge] Scotty, you're re-hired. As soon as the transporter's fixed, form  an engineering detail with full analytical equipment and beam them  down. Kirk out. Chekov, Bones. Let those people go.  You'll learn to care for yourselves, with our help. And there's  no trick to putting fruit on trees. You might enjoy it. You'll learn to  build for yourselves, think for yourselves, work for yourselves, and  what you create is yours. That's what we call freedom. You'll like it,  a lot. And you'll learn something about men and women, the way they're  supposed to be. Caring for each other, being happy with each other,  being good to each other. That's what we call love. You'll like that,  too, a lot. You and your children.  The little ones? Look like you? Just go on the way you're going.  You'll find out. [Corridor] Well, that's a good object lesson, Mister Spock. It's an example  of what can happen when a machine becomes too efficient, does too much  work for you.  Yes, of course I'm aware of it. Adam and Eve tasted the apple and  as a result were driven out of paradise.  Doctor, do I understand him correctly? Are you casting me in the  role of Satan?  Is there anyone on this ship who even remotely looks like Satan?  (McCoy and Kirk walk around Spock. McCoy is gazing intently at his  ears.)  No, Mister Spock. I didn't think you would be. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Plot an extended orbit to clear  disturbance. Kirk out.  Yes.  Explain. 
Don't lose him, Mister Sulu.  Earth ship, Mister Spock?  Stay with him, Mister Sulu. Communication?  He's receiving us alright.  Deflectors on, Mister Farrell.  Stay with him. He'll try to lose us in them.  Try to warn him. If he loses power now  Cover him with our deflector screen, Mister Farrell. Scotty,  Spock, stand by in the transporter room.  Bridge to transporter room. If you don't start beaming that crew  over soon  Scotty, we're getting a distress signal. [Transporter room] Scotty, how many of them did you get aboard?  Bridge to transporter room.  Deflector screen down, Mister Farrell. Save the power. [Transporter room] I want him there whether he can walk or not.  Kirk out. [Transporter room] Come.  Good. Now, if you don't mind telling  And the ladies? Is this your crew, Captain?  Your name, please.  Mister Walsh, I'm convening a ship's hearing on your actions.  Mister Spock will supply you with any legal information  you may need for your defence.  And you're a liar, Mister Walsh. I think we both understand each  other. Security! Escort Mister Walsh to his quarters. Confine him  there.  [Bridge] Well, switch to by-pass circuits.  If it makes you feel better, Engineer, that's one jackass we're  going to see skinned.  Well, Mister Spock?  Location and distance.  Make for Rigel 12, Mister Spock.  This hearing is convened. Stardate 1329.2, on  board starship U.S.S. Enterprise. Formal hearings against transport  captain Leo Walsh. Start computer.  Mister Mudd, you're charged with galaxy travel without a flight  plan, without an identification beam, and failure to answer a  starship's signal, thus effecting a menace to navigation.  You're also charged with operation of a vessel without a master's  license.  Destination and purpose of journey?  Come again, Mister Mudd. You do what?  Data on witnesses.  Computer, go to sensor probe. Any unusual readings?  Er, that's sufficient. Strike that from the record.  Did these ladies come voluntarily?  The only charges are against Mister Mudd. Illegal operation of a  vessel. Do you have any defence to offer?  The hearing is closed. Mister Mudd to be handed over to the legal  authorities at our earliest opportunity.  Miss McHuron, if you don't mind  Mister Spock. Miss McHuron, would you mind. Mister Spock, will  you contact the miners on Rigel 12? Notify them that we'll need the  lithium crystals immediately upon arrival. (all officers leave)  As a matter of fact, Miss McHuron, I do.  Yes. I'll have to talk to them about that. They, er, they don't  do that ordinarily, Miss McHuron, but somehow, in your case, and the  ladies with you, its, er  Yes. Yes, er, now, Miss McHuron  Well, it probably appears more difficult than it is.  Neither have I.  Miss McHuron, I don't  I asked for a preorbital course, Mister  Farrell.  That's the last time I'm giving an order twice, gentlemen. We're  down to battery power, and we're low on that.  Just hang us in long enough to get six crystals, Scotty. That's  all we need.  Ridiculous. What are we running here. Did you examine them? Did  you examine Eve?  Well, come on, you're the doctor. What is it? Is it that we're  tired, and they're beautiful? They are incredibly beautiful.  What are they?  I asked you first.  I don't follow you.  Lay in. Computer?  More than enough time. Communications, have a representative of  the Rigel 12 miners meet us here to discuss our needs. Beam him up  first pass over their camp.  Not at all, Mister Spock. The choice was burning this lithium  crystal or the destruction of another man's ship. Come.    Good. Show them in. I'm James Kirk, captain of the Enterprise.  This is my science officer Mister Spock.  Fine. I'm authorised to pay an equitable price.  What did you have in mind?  (laughs) Is there anything else?  No deal. You're a long way out in space, gentlemen. You'll need  medical help, cargo runs, starship protection. You want to consider  those facts too?  It's still no deal.  All right, Childress, you've won. Now I'll  take the lithium crystals.  Childress.  You got a better idea?  Just have those crystals here when I get back.  [Planet surface] Eve! Eve!  Captain's log. Have transported aboard the  Enterprise to implement search with infrared scanners and sensing  system.  Magnetic storms on the planet's surface are cutting down speed and  efficiency of our equipment. Search now in progress for three hours,  eighteen minutes.  [Bridge] But we don't! I didn't get any. I should have found a way.  Satisfied, Mister Scott?  Has Childress reported in yet?  Sorry, Scotty. How much power do we have left?  Have Mudd meet me in the transporter room.  The name of this game.  [Childress' quarters] Sit down. Tell him. Tell him, Harry.  The Venus drugs, Harry.  Oh, it exists, illegally.  He gave it to the women before you met them.  They've left for their quarters during the storm, Childress.  They're married. Subspace radio marriage. It was a fraud. They can get  out of it.  Quite a woman, eh, Childress?  By herself. She took no drug.  Coloured gelatin.  There's only one kind of woman.  You either believe in yourself, or you don't. All right  Childress, I've gone as far with you as I intend to. I want those  lithium crystals and I want them now. Enterprise, this is Kirk.  Stand by. Do I beam down a search party?  Stand by, Mister Spock. We're coming aboard with the lithium  crystals.  Eve?  Two of us, Mister Spock. Come on, Mister Mudd.  I can't do that, Harry, but I will appear as a character witness  at your trial. If you think that'll help.  Why should I work your side of the street?  Ahead full. 
Where is everyone?  I had a subspace contact with a Robert Johnson, the leader of  this expedition, an hour ago.  No, yet there was something wrong. I can't pin it down. His  conversation was disjointed, his thoughts a little foggy, unrelated.  Chekov, check that building. Mister Spock and I will check this one.  The rest of you, take a look around. See if you can find anyone.  (Chekov goes into the dark building - it has no windows - and the light  comes on as he bumps up against a table bearing the body of a very old  man. He panics and runs out again.)  What is it?  Well?  I'm Captain Kirk of  I say I'm Captain Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Who are you?  How old are you? How old are you?  Mister Johnson, can you hear me?  Can you tell me what happened?  Did your instruments show anything?  (to nurse) If they seem lucid, I'll be in the briefing room. [Briefing room] Stay seated. Commodore Stocker, I've asked  you to be part of this briefing because Gamma Hydra Four falls in your  administrative area.  Doctor Wallace, as an expert in endocrinology, I'd appreciate you  working very closely Doctor McCoy.  Doctor McCoy, would you fill them in?  What about the atmosphere and environment, Mister Spock?  We're close to the neutral Zone between our Federation and the  Romulan empire. It's possible the Romulans have a new weapon and are  using this colony as guinea pigs.  Good. I want you all to check out everything in your own  departments. No matter how remote, how far-fetched the notion, I want  it run down. We'll stay in orbit until we have the answer.  Yes, Commodore. We'll do everything we can to make sure you make  your duty.  Doctor, is there something I can do for you?  How long has it been?  Well, it's been a long time. Things wouldn't change if it started  all over again, would it? You have your job, I have my ship, and  neither one of us will change.  Well, I supposed that you met someone you loved.  And in your field as you. You didn't give up a thing.  I'm on my way. [Bridge] Maintain.  What about the comet that astrophysics reported?  Yes, Commodore.  Thank you. You're anxious to get to the base, but we have a few  facilities of our own here. I think the Enterprise will do quite  nicely. I'll be in engineering, Mister Spock. Maintain standard orbit,  Mister Sulu.  Oh? Well, follow it.  [Sickbay] [Sickbay] Progress report, Mister Spock.  Astronomical section reports that a comet recently passed by.  Check into that.  Oh, yes. Let me know what you come up with. I'll be in the  Sickbay.  You did what you could.  Bones, I believe you're getting grey.  I see what you mean.  Shoulder. Just a twinge. Probably muscular strain.  All right. Reprimand received. Go ahead.  (McCoy scans his arm, then takes hold of a finger. Kirk pulls back in  pain.)  Why? Just muscular strain, isn't it?  That's impossible.  Scotty!  Captain's log, stardate 3579.4. The Enterprise  personnel who beamed down to the planet's surface, Doctor McCoy,  Engineer Scott, Mister Spock, Lieutenant Galway, and myself are all  showing definite signs of aging. Only Ensign Chekov appears to be  normal.  [Sickbay] (Chekov is on the stamina machine, Spock is on a  bio-bed, Kirk and McCoy are definitely  looking older. Chapel and Wallace are also present.)  Report, Bones.  Spock, could I ask for some figures?  Total senility?  What a way to die. All right. I want all the research facilities,  all the scientific technicians, to start round-the-clock research  immediately. I want the answers, and I want the remedy. Let's start by  finding out why Chekov hasn't been affected.  You feel up to it?  Lieutenant Galway, assume your position. Start your duties.  She's ten years younger than I am, and she looks,  Why hasn't he aged?  Well I want to know! Is it his youth, his blood type, his  heritage, his glands, his genes?  I'll be on the Bridge. Keep me posted as to Chekov. [Corridor] (Doctor Wallace is waiting for Kirk.)  I thought you were on your way to the biochemistry lab, Doctor.  So we do.  You sound like my first officer.  That didn't spring from logic.  When did you realise that? Today?  How much older was your husband than you?  Answer me.  That's quite a difference.  Look at me. Look at me. What do you see?  And old. And rapidly growing older.  What are you offering me, Jan? Love, or a going away present?  [Bridge] Increase orbit to twenty thousand perigee, Mister Sulu.  Yeoman. (picks the pen up) You have a reason for being on the  Bridge, Commodore Stocker?  I have very little time.  We're going to be late. I don't intend to leave this area until  we've found the solution for this problem.  Yes, yes. If you're so concerned, I'll send a message to Starbase  Ten.  Yeoman? Where's that  Fuel consumption report?  If I'd signed it, I wouldn't have asked for it, now would l?  Mister Spock. I was just thinking.  You have something to report?  What is it?  Good, Spock. Well done. Let's get this to Doctor McCoy  immediately. Oh. Lieutenant, take a message to Starfleet Command. Due  to the proximity of the Romulans, you'd better use Code two.  Then use Code three.  Message. Key to affliction may be comet which passed by Gamma  Hydra Four. Said comet is now,  Quadrant. All units are to be alerted for complete analysis of  radiation and means found to neutralise it. Comet is highly dangerous.  Kirk, commanding Enterprise. Immediately, Lieutenant. Let's go.  Oh, Mister Sulu. Increase orbit to twenty thousand mile perigee.  I fail to understand why each one of my commands is being  questioned. Now do as you're told, Mister Sulu.  Maintain.  All right, Bones, I'm going up to the Bridge. Keep me posted.  Spock?  Bones.  How long have we got, Bones?  Let it also read that I consider it invalid.  Yes, I would like to make a statement. I am the captain of this  ship and am totally capable of commanding her. Let's call this whole  thing off and get back to work.  Very kind of you, Spock.  He did not. When I give an order, I expect it to be obeyed. I  don't have to repeat myself.  No, I'm thirty four. I'm thirty four years old.  I am perfectly capable of speaking in my own defence, Mister  Spock.  No, no, no. It's all right, Spock. It's all right. There's only  one reason, and  one reason alone, for having this, hearing. I refused to leave Gamma  Hydra Two  Yes. A slip of the tongue.  So I'm a little confused. Who wouldn't be at a time like this? My  ship's in trouble, my senior officers are ill. And this nonsense about  a competency hearing is enough to mix up any man. Trying to relieve a  captain of his command is, well, that's, that's.  Spock, I wouldn't have believed it of you. Go ahead. Ask me questions.  I'll show you what I'm capable of. There's nothing wrong with my  memory. Go ahead! Ask me anything! We're in orbit around Gamma Hydra  Two, right? Anyhow, it doesn't matter. There's a lot more to running a  starship than answering a lot of fool questions. A lot more. Go ahead.  Ask me questions.  Ask me anything. Anything.  Good idea. Get this stupid voting over with so I can get back to  running the ship. The most fool thing I ever heard of. Competency  hearing when there's work to be done. I'll be in my quarters, awaiting  your decision. (leaves)  Spock?  So, I've been relieved.  Yes. You should've been a prosecuting attorney.  Regulations. Don't give me regulations. You've wanted command all  along. First little excuse you get  I hope you're proud of. What do you mean, you've not assumed  command?  If you're not in command, who is?  Stocker? Are you crazy? He's never had a field command.  No! Don't talk to me about rank! The man's a chair-bound  paper-pusher. I order you to take command.  Are you refusing a direct order?  You traitorous, disloyal, you stab me in the back the first  chance you get? Spock. Get out. I never want to have to look at you  again.  (Spock leaves.)  Jan, Jan.  I made a fool of myself in there. I shouldn't have let them  confuse me, rattle me.  But I'm not old, Jan. I'm not. A few muscular aches doesn't make  a man old. And you don't run a starship with your arms. You run it with  your head. My brain's as sharp as it ever was. A simple case of  radiation poisoning, and they relieve me of my command. I admit I'm  getting a little grey, but radiation will do that to you.  Jan, you know me. Look at me closely. Tell me. Am I getting old? [Doctor's office] What are you doing here?  Maybe you'd like to relieve Doctor McCoy. What about Chekov?  Bones, there has to be. There has to be. We beamed down together.  We were on the surface together. The same spot. We were together all  the time.  He left us? He left us. He went into the building. Spock,  something happened.  He was scared! He saw the dead body and he ran out of the  building and he was scared to death.  I'm going up to the bridge.  I have to go to the bridge. We're under attack.  Let me go.  We're under attack. I have to go to the Bridge. I've got to go to  the bridge.  (But they bustle him into the ward instead.) [Bridge] Greenhorn, up there ruining my ship.  No. No. My ship. My ship.  (Spock totters in carrying a small beaker.)  No. I'll take the first shot.  How long do you think this ship can take the pounding? I've got  to get up there.  I'll die anyway. Do it.  Quickly. Quickly.  (She does, and he goes into convulsions. Fortunately he is already  strapped down.)  [Bridge] Report, Mister Sulu.  Engineering, this is the captain. I want full emergency power. I  want everything within about two minutes. I want the warp drive engines  on full standby. Kirk out. Open up a special channel to Starfleet  Command. Code two.  That's an order, Lieutenant. Code two.  Message. From Enterprise to Starfleet Command this sector. Have  inadvertently encroached upon Romulan Neutral Zone. Surrounded and  under heavy Romulan attack. Escape impossible, shields failing. Will  implement destruct order using corbomite device recently installed.  Since this will result in the destruction of the Enterprise and all  matter in a two hundred thousand kilometre diameter and establish a  corresponding dead zone, all Federation ships will avoid this area for  the next four solar years. Explosion will take place in one minute.  Kirk, commanding Enterprise, out. Mister Sulu, course one eight eight  degrees, mark fourteen. Speed, warp factor eight. Stand by.  A logical assumption, Mister Spock. Are they still retreating?  Good. All hands, stand by. Warp factor eight, now.  Are we out of range, Mister Sulu?  Secure from Red Alert. Adjust a new course, two five seven  degrees, mark three. Heading for Starbase Ten.  Noted. You should know, however, that there's very little a  Starbase can do that a starship can't.  You're looking good, Doc.  And yourself?  Well, gentlemen, all and all, an experience we'll remember in our  old age. Which won't be for some while, I hope. Take over, Mister Sulu.  Steady as she goes.  I thought I said that. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
This is Captain Kirk. Acknowledge. [Bridge] Acknowledge. This is the captain. Scotty, acknowledge.  Scotty, what's going on down there? [Bridge] This is the captain. Scotty, report. [Bridge] What's going on down there? Scotty!  (Norman has triumphed and is adjusting controls.)  Scotty. [Bridge]
Good. Mister Chekov, this flight is supposed to provide both  experience and knowledge. How close will we come to the Klingon outpost  if we continue on our present course?  Mister Spock, immediate past history of the quadrant?  Analysis of disputed area?  John Burke.  is the rest of your history that faulty, Ensign? Key points of  dispute?  And unfortunately, though the Klingons are brutal and aggressive,  they are most efficient.  Kirk here.  Go to warp factor six.  Priority One distress call, and it's just absolutely peaceful.  Lieutenant Uhura, break subspace silence.  Space Station K7, this is Captain Kirk of the Enterprise. What is  your emergency?  Mister Lurry, you issued a Priority One distress call. State the  nature of your emergency.  You'll try to explain. You'd better be prepared to do more than  that. Kirk out. Mister Spock, I'll need your help. Mister Chekov,  maintain battle readiness. Lieutenant Uhura, see that the transporter  room is standing by.  Mister Lurry, if there's no emergency, why did you issue a  priority one distress call?  And that gives you the authority to put an entire quadrant on  defence alert?  Oh.  And this is my first officer Mister Spock.  Storage compartments? Storage compartments?  What? What? What's quadrotriticale? (Lurry hands him a small  packet) Wheat. So what?  Mister Spock, you've made your point.  You issued a priority one distress call for a couple of tons of  wheat?  Mister Baris, you summoned the Enterprise without an emergency.  You'll take full responsibility for it.  Kirk to Enterprise.  Secure from general quarters. And beam down two, and only two,  security guards. Have them report to Mister Lurry.  Authorise shore leave for all off-duty personnel.  Kirk out.  I have never questioned the orders or the intelligence of any  representative of the Federation. Until now.  (storms out of the office)  {K7 Bar] (Wherever humanoids may travel, someone will set up  a bar to have pretty females serve intoxicating beverages. K7 is no  exception.)  Summoning a starship on a priority A-1 channel to guard some  storage compartments. Storage compartments of wheat.  I guess not.  (downs his drink in one and heads for the door, where they meet Chekov  and Uhura coming in.)  I see you didn't waste time taking your shore leave.  (shows Chekov the packet of wheat) Mister Chekov, what do you  make of this?  Does everybody know about this wheat but me?  Ah.  (Kirk and Spock leave.)  Yes, what is it?  Put it on visual, Lieutenant.  Kirk here.  Now, that's just lovely.  Yes, Lieutenant, what is it?  Go to Red Alert. Notify Mister Lurry. We'll be right up. [Bridge] What is the position of the Klingon ship?  Put him on visual.  Mister Lurry, there's a Klingon warship hanging one hundred  kilometres off your station.  Why not?  Cancel Red Alert. We'll beam right down.  My dear Captain Koloth.  Shore leave?  Yes, well, I don't make those decisions. Mister Lurry is in  charge of those matters.  Well, I have the authority to act, and I'm going to use it. My  dear Captain Koloth, you may indeed bring your men down on shore leave,  but only twelve at a time. And I assure you, for every man you bring  down here, I shall have one security guard. There will be no trouble.  Let us both take steps to keep it that way.  Another technical journal, Scotty?  Don't you ever relax?  You running a nursery, Lieutenant?  Did you get this at the space station?  Kirk here.  Pipe it down here will you, Mister Chekov.  Yes, Mister Baris. What can I do for you? [Lurry's office] I was not aware, Mister Baris, that twelve  Klingons constitutes a swarm. [Lurry's office] Mister Baris, I have guards around the grain.  I have guards around the Klingons. The only reason those guards are  there  is because Starfleet wants them there. As for what you want (pauses at  a look from Spock) It has been noted and logged. Kirk out.  Sickbay with a headache.  [Sickbay] (There are eleven fluffy tribbles of various sizes  and colour in a large container.)  Bones, what have you got for a headache?  Both. How many of these did Uhura give you?  But you've got, er, eleven.  How do they? How do they?  A fat tribble.  Well, Bones, all I can suggest is you open up a maternity ward.  [Transporter room] All you men going on shore leave to stay in  groups. Avoid trouble with the Klingons.  Aren't you going on shore leave, Scotty?  I want you to go on shore leave. Make sure that everybody stays  out of trouble.  Scotty, enjoy yourself.  [K7 Bar] (Business is good. Scott, Chekov and Freeman take  the last vacant table. Two security men leave and Jones enters,  whistling.)  I want to know who started it. I'm waiting. Freeman, who started  the fight?  All right. Chekov. I know you. You started it, didn't you?  Who did?  I don't know, sir. I want to know who threw the first punch. All  right. You're all confined to quarters until I find out who started it.  Dismissed. (the men file out) Scotty, not you. You were supposed to  prevent trouble, Mister Scott.  Who threw the first punch, Scotty?  Mister Scott?  You did, Mister Scott? What caused it, Scotty?  Must have been some insult.  You threw the first punch.  You held? Why did Chekov want to start a fight?  No, this is not off the record.  Is that all?  I see.  I get the picture, Scotty.  After they said all this, that's when you hit the Klingons?  No?  Oh, yes.  What was it they said that started the fight?  I see. And that's when you hit the Klingons?  You hit the Klingons because they insulted the Enterprise, not  because they  All right, Scotty. Dismissed. Scotty, you're restricted to  quarters until further notice.  Doctor McCoy, would you mind coming up to the bridge? (he takes a  walk around then) Lieutenant Uhura, how did all these tribbles get on  the bridge?  Doctor McCoy.  Explain that.  I know, but really  Too much of anything, Lieutenant, even love, isn't necessarily a  good thing.  Get the maintenance crew to clean up the entire ship, and then  contact Mister Lurry and tell him I'm beaming down.  Have him find Cyrano Jones and hold him.  And get these tribbles off the bridge.  Oh, really?  Just incredibly prolific.  You should sell an instruction and maintenance manual for this  thing.  On the contrary, sir. I think of this project as very important.  It is you I take lightly.  That's a serious charge. To whom are you referring?  Cyrano Jones, a Klingon agent?  I heard you.  What evidence do you have against Mister Jones?  Yes, yes. Go on. What else do you have?  Do you have any proof of that?  People have disrupted stations before without being Klingon  agents. Sometimes, all they need is a title, Mister Baris.  Unfortunately, disrupting a space station is not an offence. Now, if  you'll excuse me, I have a ship to tend to. Au revoir.  [Rec room] (There are tribbles on the walls, the floor, the  tables, even as chess pieces. Kirk gets a tray from the food dispenser.  It has tribbles on it.)  My chicken sandwich and coffee. This is my chicken sandwich and  coffee.  I want these off the ship. I don't care if it takes every man  we've got, I want them off the ship.  (Scott enters, carrying an armful of fluff.)  How?  And in the storage compartments. (goes to a table monitor) This  is Kirk. Contact Manager Lurry and Nilz Baris. Have them meet us near  the storage compartments. We're beaming down. Come on, Spock.  [Transporter room] (The tribbles are all over the pads too. Kirk picks  one up but there's nowhere else to put it.)  Energise. [Lurry's office] Plenty, if what I think's happened has happened. [Storage compartments] Is that door secure?  Good. Open it.  Here. Let me try it.  (But he can't open it either, so he tried one of the overhead doors  instead. That does open, and a whole load of tribbles fall out, burying  the gallant Captain up to his shoulders. Spock examines one.)  Hundreds of thousands.  That's assuming they got here three days ago.  Mister Baris  Mister Baris, I'll hold you in irons if you don't shut up.  Now he tells me.  Yes. Bones, I want the tribbles, the grain, everything analysed.  I want to know what killed these tribbles.  Until that inquiry, I'm still the captain. And as Captain, I want  two things done. First, find Cyrano Jones, and second (as another  tribble hits him on the head) close that door.  [Lurry's office] (A security guard is picking up tribbles.)  Ah, Mister Jones, with an armful. A few questions.  What do you want?  An apology?  Well, we'll see about that, but before I take any official  action, I'd like to know Just what happened. Who put the tribbles in  the quadrotriticale? What was in the grain that killed them?  Yes.  Hold on a minute. I thought you said tribbles liked everybody.  What was in the bar?  You're right, Mister Jones. They don't like Klingons. (McCoy  enters) But they do like Vulcans. I didn't know you had it in you.  Obviously. Mister Baris, they like you. Well, there's no  accounting for taste. (and back to Darvin) They don't like you, Mister  Darvin. I wonder why. Bones?  I wonder what Starfleet Command will say about that. What about  the grain, Bones?  They starved to death. In a storage compartment full of grain,  they starved to death.  Mister Darvin, are you going to talk?  And the tribbles had nothing to do with it?  Captain Koloth. About that apology.  You have six hours to get your ship out of Federation territory.  (The tribbles shriek, Koloth makes a hasty bow and practically runs out  of the room with Korax.)  You know, I think I could learn to like tribbles. [K7 Bar] (The face of an unhappy barman peers out from a  pile of tribbles.)  No, you're not. There's something I want to show you. You know  what the penalty is for transporting an animal proven harmful to human  life?  There is one thing you can do.  Pick up every tribble on the space station. If you do that, I'll  speak to Mister Lurry about returning your spaceship.  Consider it Job security.  You'll do it?  Good. That means Sherman's Planet will get its quadrotriticale  only a few weeks late. I don't see any tribbles around here.  Bones, how did you do it?  Scotty! Where are the tribbles?  Of course. Spock.  Gentlemen, I don't want to interrupt this mutual admiration  society, but I'd like to know where the tribbles are.  Mister Scott. Where are the tribbles?  You used the transporter?  Where did you transport them? Scott, you didn't transport them  into space, did you?  Where are they?  (shouting) Where?  (a whisper) You gave them to the Klingons? 
Missing for six years, and now this junk in space.  Then whatever destroyed the ship, the crew was able to get off  safely. Navigator, compute the present drift of the wreckage.  Mister Spock, assuming that the wreckage drifted at the same  speed and direction for the past six years?  Standard orbit around the planet. There may be survivors there.  Yes, at the academy. He was dropped in his fifth year. He went  into the merchant service.  Put it on the screen.  Yes, similar. But the land masses and oceans are quite different,  however.  Exactly in some ways, different in others.  What era?  Put it on the screen.  Slaves and gladiators. What are we seeing, a twentieth-century  Rome?  Ready the transporter room, Mister Spock. We're beaming down.  [Hillside] (The landing party of three is beamed onto a ridge,  nicely silhouetted against the clear blue sky.)  You could have selected a more convenient place, Mister Spock.  The SS Beagle was the first ship to make a survey of this star  sector when it disappeared.  No identification of self or mission. No interference with the  social development of said planet.  Let's go.  I think he means it, Spock.  We come from another province.  We come from a place that's quite some journey from here. I doubt  if you've heard  Do we look like any Romans you ever saw ?  Our people don't believe in slavery.  Wait. I can prove we're telling the truth. A small device. I'll  take it out slowly. (his communicator) Kirk to Enterprise. Come in.  Scotty, lock in on my transmission beam. Scan us.  Including ourselves, how many of us are there?  Good, Scotty. Continue scanning. We'll maintain transmission.  Kirk out. The Enterprise is our ship, somewhere at sea. That's all I  can tell you. If it isn't sufficient, you will have to kill us.  Perhaps you've heard, let's say, an impossible story or a rumour  of men who came from the sky or from other worlds.  The stars.  Yes, of course.  Spock?  (looking at a car advert) The Jupiter Eight. Conventional  internal combustion engine. You were right about the smog. But the  Jupiter Eight?  Mars toothpaste. Neptune bath salts.  Septimus, we need your help. We must go into the city. We know  that one of our missing friends was seen there recently.  We can't do that. Perhaps you know his name. Merik. Captain  Merik.  (General consternation and animosity from the other slaves)  Yes. He's the leader of our friends.  That doesn't sound like the same man.  Septimus, wherever we may be from, you must believe that it is  one of our most important laws that none of us interfere with the  affairs of others. If Captain Merik is Merikus, then he has violated  that law, and he must be taken away and punished. Will you help us get  to the truth of all this?  He failed a psycho-simulator test. All it takes is a split second  of indecision. Hardly the type to become a political strongman.  Are you a slave, Flavius?  Then you heard the word of the sun?  There are many things I'd like to know  (he's interrupted by rapid gunfire.)  Tell Merikus I'd like to see him.  Tell him it's Jim Kirk. Perhaps a friend.  Well, if I am a friend and you don't tell him, do you really want  to risk that?  (They are locked in and left alone. McCoy tends to Flavius's head  wound.)  But if there have been slaves for over 2,000 years, hasn't there  always been discontent, runaways?  I'm not sure they're sure. When the slaves began to worship the  sun, they became discontent again. When did all this happen?  You go on believing it, Flavius. All men are brothers.  (The guards return.)  Three against three. We may never get a better chance.  (looking at McCoy) I doubt if he'll get very far. He feels ill.  All right, but he'll double over before we get very far. (Spock  and Kirk take McCoy's arms.)  Let's go.  Captain Merik, isn't it ?  I agree.  McCoy.  All right, what happened?  Go on.  What happened to your crew? Did they voluntarily beam, come  ashore?  What happened to your crew?  My world, proconsul, is my vessel, my oath, my crew. What  happened to your vessel you've explained. What happened to your oath is  obvious.  You sent your own men into the arena?  Do you really believe I could be made to order my own people  down?  Kirk to Enterprise.  Scotty, if you have a fix. (guns are pointed at his head) Stand  by, Scotty.  Yet on the other hand, my chief engineer's standing by for a  message.  If I brought down a hundred of them armed with phasers  Scotty. Sorry to keep you waiting.  Condition Green, all's well. Kirk out.  The rules. If Spock should finish his man off first, would he be  able to help  Proconsul, in some parts of the galaxy I have seen forms of  entertainment that makes this look like a folk dance.  I've had to select men to die before so that others could be  saved.  It won't work.  Whatever he has in mind, whatever tricks. You hear that,  Proconsul? It won't work. I'm not co-operating. I may die, but you  won't get any entertainment out of it.  Very good. (he tries a grape) Excellent.  I've been in some strange worlds with strange customs. Perhaps  this is considered torture here.  You'll be the first to know.  (Later, when the oil lamp has burnt out, and Kirk is asleep)  Nothing except perhaps an explanation.  I appreciate that.  Of course.  I thank you. And my friends?  I've heard it was similar.  Enterprise log, Engineer Scott reporting. All banks  in readiness for disruption of power sources on the planet's surface.  [Arena] Stand back.  (He shoots the lock out.)  Obsolete, but effective.  They threw me a few curves. No time to explain.  (Claudius and guards come in from two different entrances.)  And strong personal feelings, he obeyed the  Prime Directive. His temporary blackout of the city below resulted in  no interference with the society  and yet saved the lives of myself and the landing party.  Gentlemen.  Caesar and Christ. They had them both. And the word is spreading  only now.  Wouldn't it be something to watch, to be a part of? To see it  happen all over again? Mister Chekov, take us out of orbit. Ahead warp  factor one. 
The Vulcans are the last delegates we have to pick up. As soon as  we get them aboard, we'll be able to relax.  (They leave.) [Corridor] Kirk here.  Bring them aboard, Mister Chekov.  Captain James Kirk.  My First Officer, Commander Spock.  Thank you. Chief Medical Officer Doctor McCoy.  Our pleasure, madam. As soon as you're settled I'll arrange a  tour of the ship. Mister Spock will conduct you.  As you wish, Ambassador. Mister Spock, we'll leave orbit in two  hours. Would you care to beam down and visit your parents?  This is the engineering section. There are a number of emergency  back-up systems for the main controls. Over here are a number of  control computers.  (Amanda lags behind to talk with her son.)  Mister Spock. A moment, if you please.  Explain the computer components.  I'm sorry, Ambassador. I did not mean to offend. I thought that  Mrs. Sarek, I just don't understand.  Can you?  It sounded more like a command.  And Spock is his son.  Spock is my best officer, and my friend.  I take it that Spock disagreed with his father on a choice of  career.  Starfleet force is used only as a last resort. We're an  instrument of civilisation. And it's a better opportunity  for a scientist to study the universe than he can get at the Vulcan  Science Academy.  They are both stubborn.  Excuse me. Kirk here.  Source?  Go to alert status four. Begin long-range scanning. Kirk out.  Captain's log, Stardate 3842.4. The interplanetary  conference will consider the petition of the Coridan planets to be  admitted to the Federation. The Coridan system has been claimed by some  of the races now aboard our ship as delegates, races who have strong  personal reasons for keeping Coridan out of the Federation. The most  pressing problem aboard the Enterprise is to  make sure open warfare doesn't break out among the delegates before the  conference begins.  [Lounge] (People of all shapes, sizes and colours are  helping themselves to drinks and nibbles from buffet tables.)  Ambassador.  Gentlemen. Ambassador Sarek is quite correct when he points out  this is not the council chamber of Babel. I'm fully aware that the  admission of Coridan is a highly debatable issue, but you won't solve  it here.  Ambassador.  (Sarek leads Amanda away.)  Kirk here.  On my way. All duty personnel on Yellow Alert. Don't alarm the  passengers. Kirk out.  [Bridge] Report.  Identification, Spock?  Does she answer a hail?  Care to guess what she is?  Mister Chekov, plot course to intercept that vessel. I want to  see what she looks like close up.  Ready main phasers.  Back on original course, Mister Chekov. Report on intruder's  movements.  Well, we have a shadow. Faster, more manoeuvrable and  unidentified. Mister Spock, full analysis of sensor readings. I want to  know who that intruder is.  [Lounge] (Sarek enters, and surreptitiously takes a tablet  with a drink.)  Gentlemen. Gentlemen. Whatever arguments you have between  yourselves is your business. My business is running the ship. As long  as I command, there will be order.  Kirk here.  How was he killed?  Explain.  Who aboard would have that knowledge?  Spock. A short time ago, I broke up an argument between Gav and  your father.  You're saying he couldn't have done it?  But if he had a reason, could he have done it?  Mrs. Sarek, I'm sorry to disturb you. I must  speak to your husband.  Ambassador, the Tellarite. Gav has been murdered.  Yes. Ambassador, where were you during the past hour?  Then where were you during the hour?  That's a very convenient excuse, Ambassador.  (Sarek suddenly collapses.)  Can you help him?  Spock?  I'm sorry about your father.  Aren't you worried about him?  I see. Well, the Romulans have nothing like it. Certainly not the  Federation or the neutral planets. What about the Klingons?  Who, then?  Mister Chekov, directional locator indicates source bearing  twenty seven, mark eight.  Switch recorder to Mister Spock's station for decode, Lieutenant.    A personal receiver? Somebody on board is in contact with that  vessel?  Why not?  Are any conclusions possible from the information?  Murder? Someone out there playing tag? Lieutenant, you've got  your sensor locator on a wide beam. You've established a receiver on  board this vessel. Tighten your field to the interior of the ship.  If that alien vessel starts transmitting again, I want to know  who on board the Enterprise is receiving.  [Sickbay] Bones, how is he?  Ambassador, when did you have these attacks?  There were no witnesses?  Why?  Bones, what about it?  There are other Vulcans aboard.  Bones.  Bridge. Spock. [Bridge] I'm on deck five, near my quarters. I've been  attacked by an Andorian. Security. Security team.  (He passes out.)  I'd like to get my hands on the guy with the sledgehammer.  No, the one inside my head. How long have I  (Tries to sit up and fails.)  How's Sarek?  What's stopping you? I thought you were all ready.  I can't damn him for his loyalty, for doing his duty, but I'm not  going to let him commit patricide.  Bones, Sarek will die without that operation, and you can't  operate without transfusions from Spock. I'll convince Spock I'm all  right and order him to report here. As soon as he leaves the bridge,  I'll turn command over to Scotty and report to my quarters. Will that  fill your prescription?  [Bridge] I'll take over, Mister Spock. You report to Sickbay with Doctor  McCoy.  Get out, Spock. Chekov, what's the status of the intruder?  Any further transmissions, Lieutenant?  Call Mister Scott to the bridge.  Belay that order. I'll stay here.  Specific origin?  Security? Security to the brig. Search the prisoner immediately.  [Sickbay] Kirk here.  Bring the prisoner to the bridge. Deflectors on. Red Alert.  Phasers stand by to fire on my order.  Chekov, take over Spock's scanners.  Target, Mister Chekov.  Fire as he passes, Ensign.  Report on his weaponry, Mister Chekov.  Standard phasers. Good. They may have more speed, but they're not  giants.  Tell them to take a good guess, but clear that board, Lieutenant.    On my order, fire photon torpedoes two, four and six. Widest  possible scatter.  Fire.  Auxiliary power.  Your friends out there are good. They'll have to destroy this  ship to win.  You're not Andorian. Who are you?  Damage control procedures, all decks. That ship out there has  phasers. At least our weapons are alike.  Engineering, this is the Captain. Cut power on port side except  for phaser banks. At my signal, cut starboard power. Kirk out. Who are  you?  You're a spy, surgically altered to pass as an Andorian. Planted  in the ambassador's party to use terror and murder to disrupt us and  prepare for this attack.  Engineering, cut power on starboard side. Maintain until further  orders. Chekov.  (In the darkened ship, Chekov takes back his usual station.)  You speculate.  No. Stand by your phasers, Mister Chekov.  Looking us over. We're dead as far as he knows.  Hold your fire, Mister Chekov.  Fire.  (There's a satisfying flare on the viewscreen.)  Secure from general quarters. Lieutenant, open the hailing  frequency. If they wish to surrender  (A very big flare makes everyone shield their eyes.)  Lieutenant, relay to Starfleet command. Tell them we have a  prisoner.  Take him to Sickbay.  So did they. Mister Chekov, take over.  [Sickbay] Bones?  Spock, Sarek how are they?  Bones!  Some doctors have all the luck.  We damaged their ship. They destroyed themselves to avoid  capture. Bones, Thelev's body will be brought to your lab.  I want an autopsy performed as soon as possible.  But what would they gain by an attack on Starfleet?  Yes, of course. With Orion carefully neutral, they'd clean up  supplying dilithium to both sides and continue to raid Coridan.  You might have had something else on your mind.  No, but thank you anyway.  Bones. (starts to collapse.) No, no, I'm all right  (McCoy helps him onto a bed.)  Doctor McCoy, I believe you're enjoying all this. 
How much longer, McCoy? 
Spock?  [Combat area] By now it must be obvious to you that  you have been expected.  What you're hearing, gentlemen, is a Provider.  To fight each other, and the Providers  gamble on the winner.  But these Providers haven't the courage to show themselves. 
Fantastic. 20 times as hard as diamond.  Thank you, Mister Spock. (into communicator) Scotty, you can mark  this vein as confirmed. Inform Starfleet I recommend that they dispatch  a survey vessel immediately.  (Unseen by the landing party, a cloud of smoke is coming out of another  rock and heading for them.)  Lesley.  (He is handed a pair of tongs to pick up the sample with.)  Do you smell that? A sweet odour like honey. It was years ago, on  another planet. A thing with a an odour like that.  Rizzo.  Take your men. Make a swing around our perimeter. Scan for  dikironium in the atmosphere. Set your phasers on disrupter-B. If you  see any gaseous cloud, fire immediately. You're on Red Alert. Make a  sweep.  Negative, Scotty. We're checking something out.  Acknowledged. Continue standing by. Kirk out.  It's gone. I could have been wrong. The last time I caught an  odour like that was eleven years ago. [Clearing] (The three red-shirts have run into a clearing.)  Kirk here. [Clearing] Fire into it immediately!  Spock. Dead. And you'll find every red corpuscle gone from their  body.  Kirk to Enterprise. Scotty, lock in on us. Medical emergency.  Something that can't possibly exist, but it does.  Captain's log, stardate 3619.2. With the mysterious  death of two crewmen, all personnel on the planet have been evacuated  back to the ship.  [McCoy's office] How's Ensign Rizzo?  Kirk to bridge.  Hold your position.  Then you'll inform them that we might be a little late.  Gentlemen, we are remaining in orbit until I find out more about  those deaths, on my responsibility. I am perfectly aware that it might  cost lives on Theta Seven. Kirk out. Autopsy report.  Marks, cuts, incisions of any kind?  I suggest you look at the record tapes of past similar  occurrences. You'll find the USS Farragut lists casualties eleven years  ago from exactly the same impossible causes.  First, can you bring Ensign Rizzo to consciousness for a moment?  Will it hurt him if you do so?  Then do so. [Sickbay] Rizzo. This is the captain. Can you hear me? Do you remember what  happened to you?  You were attacked by something. When it happened, did you notice  an odour of any kind? Rizzo. Rizzo! Do you remember a sickly sweet  odour? Did you smell it?  Did you feel a presence, an intelligence?  He's already told me what I wanted to know.  You check those record tapes. I want your medical analysis as  quickly as possible. (leaves)  Not now. Have the security duty officer report to me immediately.    Spock?  Let's assume that it's something so completely different that our  sensors wouldn't identify it as a life form.  Suppose it was composed of that rare element. A strange, gaseous  creature.  Suppose it camouflaged itself. Let's assume that it's  intelligent, that it knows we're looking for it.  You've just suggested something that never occurred to me. It may  provide some answers to a tape record which I think you'll find Doctor  McCoy is looking at this very moment.  Are you the new security officer?  Was your father  You'll get none aboard this ship, Mister.  You knew Rizzo?  You'll get a crack at what killed him. Interested?  I want four men armed with phaser two set for disrupter effect.  Join me in the transporter room in five minutes. You'll accompany me to  the planet surface.  Spock was right. Notice the molecular shift?  Over that rise. Take two men, circle around to the left. I'll  take the other two and go the other way. That creature is dangerous. If  you see it, fire full phasers.  Swensen, Bardoli come with me.  (Garrovick and his group go into a clearing, and the cloud emerges.  Garrovick fires at it after a slight hesitation.)  A phaser! Come on! (arriving at the scene) Garrovick, did you?  (But then he sees the other two security men, lying on the ground, skin  pale as snow.)  Captain's log, stardate 3619.6. One of the men in  critical condition, the other is dead. And I, I am now even more  convinced  that this is not only an intelligent creature, but the same which  decimated the crew of the USS Farragut eleven years ago in another part  of the galaxy. Both Spock and McCoy are doubtful of this, and I sense  they also doubt my decision to stay and fight the thing. Why am I  keeping the ship here? [Briefing room] (Kirk is already there when Spock, McCoy and  Garrovick enter.)  Mister Garrovick, we've studied your report. Mister Spock, begin.    But you didn't come to actual contact with it, did you?  Did you say it hovered?  You did fire at it, didn't you?  What distance were you from the creature?  You fired at a large, hovering target at that distance and  missed?  You mean you froze?  What exactly were you doing?  Do you have any further information?  Do you gentlemen have any further questions?  Ensign, you're relieved of all duties and confined to quarters  until further notice.  He froze. One man was killed. Another may die.  You'll both be filing reports. Make your comments and  recommendations then.  [Bridge] We're not leaving orbit, Mister Scott. Not that quickly.  Thank you.  I'm aware of the situation, Engineer, and I'm getting a little  tired of my senior officers conspiring against me. Forgive me.  Perhaps I shouldn't have used the word conspire.  Scanner readings?  Are you aware it can change its molecular structure?  Are you scanning for any unusual movement?  Any type of gaseous cloud?  Then run it twenty  times if that's what it takes!  [McCoy's office] Kirk to bridge. Scanning report.  Maintain search. Kirk out. It can't have just vanished.  Get to the point.  Ensign Garrovick is a ship-command decision. You're straying out  of your field, Doctor.  (He returns to his bed.)  Because I delayed in firing at it.  If I hadn't delayed, it would have been killed.  Don't you understand? It killed two hundred crewmen.  Yes. He was my commanding officer from the day I left the  Academy. One of the finest men I ever knew. I could have killed that  thing if I'd fired soon enough the first time.  I can't help how I feel. There's an intelligence about it, Bones.  A malevolence. It's evil. It must be destroyed.  Obsessed?  Don't push our friendship past the point where I have to take  official  Do I take it, Doctor, Commander, that both of you or either of  you consider me unfit or incapacitated?  Blast it! Forget the manual! Ask your questions.  Skip the recitation, Spock. I know the facts.  Because I'm convinced that this is the same creature that  attacked the Farragut eleven years ago.  My report is on the tapes. As it attacked us eleven years ago, as  I lost consciousness, I could feel the intelligence of the thing. I  could sense it thinking, planning.  Whatever it is, Doctor, whatever it is, wouldn't you call it  deadly?  And what if it is the same creature that attacked eleven years  ago from a planet over a thousand light years from here?  A lot of ifs, I agree, but in my command judgment, they out weigh  other factors. Intuition, however illogical, Mister Spock,  is recognized as a command prerogative.  And you haven't, Doctor. You've expressed the proper concern,  you've asked the proper questions. You've both done your duty. Now may  I ask what medical log entry you intend to make?  In that case, gentlemen  Kirk here.  All decks, Red Alert. Red alert. Prepare to leave orbit.  [Bridge] Range, Mister Chekov?  If necessary. Do what you can to increase our speed, Scott.  Extreme magnification, Mister Chekov.  Spock, how do you read that?  And you don't find that sophisticated, Mister Spock?  We won't be using the impulse engines. Turn the alarm off.  Go to warp six.  [Garrovick's quarters] Reduce speed. Approach slowly.  Maybe it's decided to fight. Phasers ready?  Move in closely, Mister Chekov. Sublight one quarter speed.  Lock all phasers on target.  Fire phasers, Mister Chekov.  (The beams of deadly light go straight through the cloud.)  Photon torpedoes. Minimum spread pattern.  Fire photon torpedoes.  (The ship is rocked by the blasts at such close quarters.)  Deflectors up.  (over Chekov's speech) Lieutenant Uhura, all decks (rest of  speech lost under Chekov's increasing volume)  Negative pressure in all ship's vents. Alert all decks. [Briefing room] Report.  Bones?  That's enough, Bones.  Yes, well, it could have been many light years away from us.  Instead it chose to turn and attack here. Why?  Scotty, try flushing the radioactive waste into the ventilation  system. See what effect that has.  If you want to play analyst, Spock, use someone else, not me. My  concern is with the ship and the crew. [Garrovick's quarters] On my way, Garrovick. Security to three four  one. Medical alert. Scotty, reverse cabin pressure three four one.  (He does so, and the gas is sucked back into the vent.) [Corridor] Security, hold it. Tricorder.  If we let that thing into the ship, he'll have a lot of company.  See if the reverse pressure has pulled it back into the  ventilation system.  Don't misunderstand my next question. Mister Spock, why aren't  you dead?  Yes. The scent is different. I think I understand something now.  I don't know what it is, Mister Spock, but you remember I said  the thing was alive. It may not be communication as we understand it,  but I did know it was alive and intelligent, and I think I know  something else now.  Kirk here.  Open the vent. On my way to the bridge. Kirk out. Ensign  Garrovick.  You were on the bridge when we were attacked.  Very commendable, Ensign. What was your impression of the battle?    I'm asking for your military appraisal of the techniques used  against the creature.  And Ensign, what is your appraisal of your conduct on the planet?    If you hadn't delayed firing? No difference, Ensign. No weapon  known would have made any difference. Then or eleven years ago.  Report for duty, Ensign.  Report, Mister Chekov.  Direction, Mister Spock.  (into intercom) Mister Scott, I'll need all the speed you can  deliver. Keep at it until we begin to shake apart. Kirk out. I believe  I know where it's going.  No, I'm playing intuition. Mister Chekov, compute a course for  Tychos star system.  Ahead full.  Lieutenant Uhura, contact Starfleet and the USS Yorktown.  Inform them that we are pursuing the creature to planet four of  that system. That's the location of its attack on the USS Farragut  eleven years ago.  In Garrovick's quarters, I said the scent of the creature was  somehow different. Something in my mind said home.  Yes, I think I do. I don't know how I know, but home is where it  fought a starship once before. Ito Uhura) Inform them of our tactical  situation and inform them I'm committing this vessel to the destruction  of the creature. We will rendezvous. Round-trip time, Mister Chekov.  We will rendezvous with the USS Yorktown in forty eight hours.  (later)  You don't agree with Mister Spock?  Antimatter seems our only possibility.  Contact medical stores. I want as much haemoplasm as they can  spare in the transporter room in fifteen minutes.  We must get it to the antimatter. It seems attracted to red blood  cells. What better bait could we have?  The blast, yes.  A chance we'll have to take, Mister Spock.  That's exactly why I've decided to set the trap myself.  Negative, Mister Spock. In case this plan fails, I'll need you  aboard the ship. In that event, we'll need another plan.  I had you in mind, Mister Garrovick.  [Planet surface] (Kirk, Garrovick and a blue ball under a floating  carrying device beam down.)  Kirk to Enterprise.  Proceed immediately to maximum orbit.  Let's hope it's as powerful as man will ever get. Detonator.  Kirk to Enterprise. [Bridge] Antimatter container positioned and armed.  I'll call you back when it's baited. Kirk out.  We'll need something else for bait.  Garrovick, get back to the ship. Tell them to prepare to  detonate.  I said, get back to the ship. Ensign, I gave you an order.  Consider yourself on report. This is no time for heroics. I have  no intention of sacrificing myself, at least not yet. (into  communicator) Spock? Spock?  Scan us and lock on to us. It's going to be close. Very, very  close. Stand by. Stand by, Enterprise.  (The cloud approaches.)  Stand by, Enterprise. (The cloud reaches them) Now! Energise and  detonate!  (BANG!) [Transporter room] (Spock and Scott are at the controls with McCoy  watching.)  That's a fair statement, Bones. Now that the creature is dead,  let's save some lives. We'll deliver your medicine. Bridge, this is  Kirk.  Have Mister Chekov lay in a course for a rendezvous with the  Yorktown, maximum warp.  Oh, Ensign, meet me in my quarters when you've cleaned up. I'd  like to talk to you about your father. Several tall stories I think  you'd like to hear. 
The crew has performed excellently, but is  exhausted. And I, too, am looking forward to a nice period of rest on  some lovely planet.  Try another channel, Lieutenant.  Yes, that's right, Bones.  Spock?  Get to the Sickbay.  No, no, no. That's an order.  Kirk here. Go ahead.  Sir, the Enterprise just completed an exhausting mission. We're  on our way in for R and R. There must be another starship in that  sector.  Order acknowledged. Kirk out. Mister Kyle, you heard the order.  Set course for Gamma Seven-A, warp five.  Dead? It's a fourth magnitude sun. There are billions of  inhabitants there.  Spock, you may have been right. We've lost  contact with the Intrepid and we're out of communication with an entire  solar system. Any update from Starfleet?  Slow to warp three.  Scanners on. Magnification three on the screen.  What is that?  No. You'd be able to see stars through a dust cloud. Looks like a  hole in space. Readings, Mister Spock.  Hold present course. Slow to warp one.  Mister Chekov, prepare to launch a telemetry probe into that  zone. Direct computer feed to Mister Spock.  Launch probe.  What was that?  Speculation, Spock.  Kirk here. What is it?  Uhura almost did. She says she's all right. Do you want to see  her?  Good. Kirk out. Hold our position, Mister Kyle.  Spock, give me an update on the dark area ahead.  No speculation, no information, nothing. I've asked you three  times for information on that, and you've been unable to supply it.  Insufficient data is not sufficient, Mister Spock. You're the science  officer. You're supposed to have sufficient data all the time.  I don't know about you but I'm tired. If you can't tell me what  it is, let's use reverse logic. Perhaps it'll help if you tell me what  it isn't.  So far that's not much help.  Is it possible that this is what killed that solar system and the  Intrepid?  Lieutenant.  Notify the Starfleet that we're going to attempt to probe the  area of darkness to gain further information.  I'm all right. Distance from zone of darkness, Mister Kyle?  Ahead slow. Impulse power only.  Very good. Time, Mister Chekov?  Red Alert. Deflectors full power. Phaser banks ready.  Spock!  Malfunction, Mister Spock?  Then kindly tell me what happened to the stars.  Kirk to McCoy.  Things any better down there?  Have you got anything that will help up here? I don't want  anybody folding on the bridge at a critical moment.  Kirk to Engineering. Scotty, there was a power loss. How come? [Engineering] I am asking how, mister. I want answers. Kirk  out.  (McCoy enters with a nurse, and starts injecting the crew.)  What's that?  Bones, how bad is it?  Why? How? Do you have any answers?  This ship is in trouble. We'd better start solving problems  faster than we pick up new ones. We seem to be in the middle of a  creeping paralysis. Mister Spock, analysis of that last burst of noise  before we started losing power.  What boundary layer?  Boundary layer between what and what?  Are you trying to be funny, Mister Spock?  Do you have any ideas, Spock?  Recommendations.  This is the Captain. We're on a difficult mission, but it's not  the first time. Our orders do not say stay alive or retreat. [Engineering] We have no guarantees, but we have a good  ship and the best crew in Starfleet. So do your jobs. Carry on. Kirk  out. [McCoy's office] Yes, say it, Bones. [McCoy's office] Are you all right?  What was that?  Reverse? But that was a forward lurch. How could that happen in  reverse thrust?  Kirk here. [Bridge] He just gave us reverse power. We lurched  forward. [Bridge] What do you think, Scotty? Forward thrust?  Yes, doesn't it? Well, if it doesn't work, I'll never let Spock  live it down. Notch it into forward.  Go ahead.  Have one of your engineers monitor the instruments. Keep applying  thrust against the pull. [Sickbay] Engineering.  Spock.  The same thing, not the zone itself?  Maybe it's a shield of some kind. Some form of protection for  something else.  We'll find out what it is, but we'd better get out of here  ourselves. Scotty, channel all the impulse and warp power into one  massive thrust forward. That might snap us out of the zone.  Use whatever power is necessary to get us out of here, Scotty.  Report to your stations, continue your research. Dismissed.  (The department heads leave Kirk and Spock alone.)  Well, they may not have done all of these things. You just  pointed out how illogical this situation is.  Explain.  What was it you sensed?  And what do you think they felt?  Kirk here. What is it, Scotty? [Engineering] Do we have the power to pull it off, Scotty?  Stand by. All hands, this is the captain. We are slowly being  pulled deeper into the zone of darkness by an unknown force. We're  going to apply [Sickbay] In the hope that it will yank us out of the  zone. Prepare yourselves. All right, Scotty. Let's get on with it.  (Everybody braces themselves against the g-forces that are created by  the acceleration. What happened to the inertial dampers? Then there's a  sudden jolt and people get thrown around. Chapel is flung into McCoy's  arms for example.)  Scotty!  Are we still losing power? [Engineering] Maintain thrust, Scotty. While we're  maintaining our distance, Mister Spock, have you ascertained yet what  we're maintaining our distance from?  Prepare to launch a probe, Mister Chekov.  Launch probe.  Are we still in contact with the probe?  Magnification four.  Yes, I remember my basic biology, Doctor. You mean to tell me  that that thing is a giant single-celled animal?  The Intrepid died of that particular virus. How is it we  survived?  What about this zone of darkness? Does the organism generate it  itself as a form of protection?  The closer we get, the faster our energy drains out. We're barely  surviving at this distance.  I'm not sending anyone anywhere. Unmanned probes can give us the  information we need to destroy this thing, if it can be destroyed.  DO you know what the odds are in coming back? I can't order a man  to do that.  It's a suicide mission.  Gentlemen, I am not taking volunteers.  I'm better qualified as a command pilot than you are.  Gentlemen, I'll decide.  [Kirk's quarters] Captain's personal log, stardate 4309.2. We  have established that the thing which destroyed the USS Intrepid and  the Gamma Seven=A system is an incredibly huge but simple cellular  being whose energies are totally destructive to all known life. Both  Mister Spock and Doctor McCoy have volunteered to go in a specially  equipped shuttlecraft to penetrate the cell, find a way to destroy it,  and free the ship. Doctor McCoy has the medical-biological knowledge.  Mister Spock is better suited physically and emotionally to stand the  stress. Both are right, both are capable, and which of my friends do I  condemn to death? This is the captain. Mister Spock, Doctor McCoy,  report to my quarters immediately. Kirk out. [Engineering] Very well. Prepare the shuttlecraft for launching.  Doctor McCoy will tell you what special equipment to put in. Kirk  out. I'm sorry, Mister Spock.  Not you, Bones. I'm sorry, Mister Spock. You're best qualified to  go. [Corridor] Launch shuttlecraft.  Lieutenant Uhura, channel automatic telemetry directly to the  computers.  Come in, Spock. [Shuttlecraft] Chekov.  (Chekov goes to the science station.)  Spock.  Report, Mister Spock. Spock, report.  Spock, save your power for the shields.  You mean there'll be two of those things?  Spock, do you read me? Spock, do you read me?  Spock, come in. Come in.  He's alive! He's kicked it in the side to let us know.  Mister Chekov, telemetry analysis as it comes in.  If the energy of that organism only doubles, we're dead, and  everything within a light year will be defenceless.  Spock understood when he transmitted the co-ordinates of the  chromosomes. We must destroy that organism.  How much time do we have?  Put all secondary systems on standby. Shield power has  unconditional priority.  Put it on, Lieutenant.  What's on your mind?  He knew the odds when he went out there, just as you did when you  volunteered to go. What is that thing out there, Bones? It's not  intelligent. Not yet.  Yes, it is, isn't it? How many cells does the human body have?  This thing, this cell, this virus. It's eleven thousand miles  long, and it's one cell. When it grows into millions, we'll be the  virus invading its body.  Antibodies. Antibodies. (goes to desk monitor) Bridge.  Scotty, how much power do we have left? [Bridge] What would happen if you diverted all remaining power to the  shields, except for impulse power, keep that in reserve? [Bridge] Exactly. Prepare to divert power on my  signal. Kirk out.  (Kirk leans against the monitor, tired. McCoy scans him.)  Have you got something to say?  I don't have a few minutes, Bones. Maybe none of us do. Let's go.  [Bridge] All hands, this is the captain. We're going  to enter the body of the organism rather abruptly, I would think.  Damage control parties stand by. All decks secure for collision. Kirk  out.  Ready, Scotty.  I believe everybody is aware of that, Mister Chekov.  Very good, Lieutenant.  Do we have impulse power, Scotty?  We are committed.  That thing would probably like phasers. It eats power.  Mister Spock was trying to tell us what to do when we lost voice  contact.  Anti-power.  This thing has a negative energy charge. Everything seems to work  in reverse. We'll use anti-matter.  Mister Chekov, prepare a probe. Scotty, we'll need a magnetic  bottle for the charge. How soon?  Mister Chekov, we'll use a timing detonator for the probe. Work  out a setting.  Helmsman, when do you estimate arrival at nucleus?  Point blank range. We'll implant it then back away.  With the eddies and currents in that protoplasm, the probe could  drift thousands of kilometres. We must be exactly on target, because we  won't have a second chance. Bones, time for another stimulant.  Keep me together for another seven minutes. That's all I need. [Shuttlecraft] (also making a log entry) We have arrived at  the chromosome body in the nucleus of the organism. If we should fail  in our attempt to destroy it, or be unable to free ourselves, I wish to  record my recommendations for the following personnel, that they  receive special citation. Lieutenant Commander Leonard McCoy,  Lieutenant Commander Montgomery Scott, officers Chekov, Kyle, Uhura,  and my highest commendation for Commander Spock, Science Officer, who  gave his life in the performance of his duty.  Mister Scott, how much time do we have left at one hundred  percent impulse power?  Mister Kyle, programme fuse for seven minute delay. All  non-essential systems on standby. Communications, scanning, conserve  every bit of power. We must make it through the membrane before that  thing explodes. Make it work, Scotty.  Launch probe at zero acceleration. Forward thrust off, one tenth  of a second.  Mister Kyle, back us out the way we came in. Mister Chekov, a  nice, straight line. Don't waste any time.  Very good.  Lieutenant, get me Spock's voice channel. Highest possible gain.  Spock, do you read me? Do you read me, Spock, do you read me?  Come in, Spock. Spock! Scotty, get a tractor beam.  I'm well aware of that, Mister Scott. Get two tractor beams on  that shuttlecraft.  Time until explosion?  Maintaining tractor beams on shuttlecraft, Mister Scott?  You may have just written our epitaph, Mister Scott.  (The warhead must have exploded, because everyone goes flying around  the bridge again.)  Activate main viewing screen. (they see stars.) Mister Chekov,  report.  Shuttlecraft?  Spock, you're alive! [Shuttlecraft] Later, later, later. Bring the shuttlecraft aboard, Mister Scott.    Mister Chekov, lay in a course for Starbase Six. Ahead warp  factor five. I'm still looking forward to a nice period of rest and  relaxation on some lovely (gazes at yeoman) planet. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Of course, Scotty, I'd like to show him  the ship, just to show him that we're, er, we're on the level. But you  know how it is.  Okay, baby. Cool him till I flag you.  And transport him to these co-ordinates.  [Oxmyx's office] Scotty, put the ship's phasers on stun. Fire a burst in a  one-block radius around these co-ordinates. 
That should make a good specimen.  Yeah. At night it gets down to a hundred and twenty degrees below  zero.  What happened?  Let's see it. Get back to the ship. Report to the Sickbay.  Yes, I'm all right. Just a little dizzy.  I can't get through there. Nothing serious. Don't leave the  transporter room unattended.  Thank you.  All right, Engineer, I'll have my engines looked to.  [Kirk's quarters] Thank you, Yeoman.  That's all.  Saurian brandy.  Back to duty status, Fisher. I have no sympathy for clumsiness.  (grabbing him by the neck) I said, give me the brandy! (leaves  with bottle and goes to Rand's quarters) [Kirk's quarters] Yeah.  Come in. Yes, Mister Spock, what is it?  Like what?  That's nice. Come on, Spock, I know that look. What is it?  Our good doctor's been putting you on again.  I'll tell him you were properly annoyed.  What is it, Scotty?  Yes?  Oh, my.  [Rand's quarters] Jim will do here, Janice.  You're too beautiful to ignore. Too much woman. We've both been  pretending too long. (grabs her) Stop pretending. Let's stop  pretending. Come here, Janice. Don't fight me. Don't fight me, Janice.  (kisses her)  Just a minute, Janice. Just a minute! (forces her onto the floor,  she scratches his face and gets away to the door which opens just as  Fisher is passing by)  Me? My yeoman said that? I've been resting  here since you left me. Alone, Mister Spock.  Not true. I haven't been to the Sickbay. Let's find out what's  going on.  [Turbolift] Sickbay. (just missing the other Kirk nursing  grazed knuckles, who goes into his quarters)  [Sickbay] Us?  Yeoman, look at me. Look at me, look at my face. Are there any  scratches?  Yeoman. I was in my room. It wasn't me.  Fisher saw?  It wasn't me!  Do you know what you're saying?  How did all this happen?  Does the transporter work at all?  How long will it take you to find the trouble?  We just can't leave those four men down there. It's getting dark.  They'll die. The surface temperature of that planet goes down to a  hundred and twenty degrees below zero at night.  Yes, I know, Scotty.  Yes, er, yes, we'll have to find him. Search parties, Mister  Spock. Organise search parties.  Yes, that's right. We don't know, but the men have to be armed.  The men are to be armed, with their phasers locked, I repeat, locked,  on setting number one. There can't be any chance of him being killed.  He's to be taken without. If the men are forced to fire, he can't be  killed.  Tell them.  Yes, I'll make an announcement to the entire crew, tell them what  happened. It's a good crew. They deserve to know.  Yes, I do know that, Mister Spock. What I don't know is why I  forgot that just now. Mister Spock, if you see me slipping again, your  orders, your orders are to tell me.  Section chiefs, assign personnel to the  search. All search parties [Kirk's quarters] Something?  Oh, yes, yes. All hand phasers must be set on base cycle,  stunning force.  [Kirk's quarters] I'm Captain Kirk!  I'm Captain Kirk. I'm Captain Kirk! I'm Captain Kirk! I'm Captain  Kirk! (goes to mirror, covers scratches with makeup, opens door)  Wilson!  Wilson, give me your phaser.  How have you been?  Isn't there any way we can help them?  Then we've got to get those men up.  We've got to find him before he, but how?  The lower levels. The Engineering deck.  [Engineering] No. I don't want anyone else to see the  Mister Spock, if I'm to be the Captain, I've got to act like one.    (they split up to search, and Kirk comes face to face with himself)  You can't hurt me. You can't kill me. You can't. Don't you  understand? I'm part of you. You need me. I need you.  Yes. yes, all right. What's the matter with me?  What is your point, Mister Spock?  For how long?  Kirk here.  I'll see what we can do.  Engineering deck, Kirk here.  That unit, Scotty, status report.  How bad is it?  Kirk here, Mister Sulu.  I gave everybody the afternoon off. I'm watching the store. [Planet surface] What happened?  He's not dying?  Yes, he is.  How can he die? Can I survive without him?  Don't be afraid. Here's my hand. Hold on. You don't have to be  afraid. I won't let go. Hold on. You won't be afraid if you use your  mind and think! Think! You can do it. That's it!  I have to take him back inside myself. I can't survive without  him. I don't want him  back. He's like an animal, a thoughtless, brutal animal, and yet it's  me. Me.  Human.  What do I have?  Not enough. I have a ship to command.  Kirk here.  Coming.  [Transporter room] What is it?  Yes, yes. Go ahead.  Don't hurt him.  Yes, yes, that sounds likely.  Get the transporter room ready.  That sounds, sounds reasonable. We should double-check  everything.  No, I don't think I've for  Yes, that's right. The men. We have to take the chance, Bones.  Their lives  Help me. Somebody make the decision.  No. No, I'm not.  Mister Spock, ready the transporter room. Bones, continue the  autopsy.  Kirk here.  [Planet surface] Mister Sulu. Mister Sulu. Can't wait. Can't let them die.  Go through the transporter, both of us.  It's what I have to do. It's what I have to do. What we have to  do.  Janice, hello.  Yeoman, I owe you an explanation.  Yes, I do. The transporter malfunctioned, divided me, created a  duplicate. The animal part of me came to your cabin. He even scratched  me to make us look more alike. I'd like the chance to explain it to  you. You don't mind if I come to your cabin later?  (enters turbolift) Bridge.  [Bridge] Yes, I know.  Can half a man live?  Then we'll both die.  You will. Both of us.  Mister Spock.  If this doesn't work.  Mister Spock.  Get those men aboard fast.  How? I've seen a part of myself no man should ever see.  [Bridge] Good. Thank you, Mister Spock, from both of us.  The impostor's back where he belongs. Let's forget him.  Thank you, Yeoman.  This is the Captain speaking. Navigator, set in course  correction. Helmsman, steady as she goes. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
No sign of the spaceship. No sign of debris.  But where are they?  I'm Captain James T. Kirk, of the starship Enterprise. We came in  answer to your distress call.  You have a very strange sense of humour, Mister  (The man presses a button on his belt, and Kirk, Spock and McCoy are  immobilised. The woman does the same to the Yeoman and guard.)  Stay there.  It's all right.  What do you want?  Voyage? Where?  Andromeda? Why?  Well, sorry. This galaxy is already occupied.  What's the point of capturing my ship? Even at maximum warp, the  Enterprise couldn't get to Andromeda galaxy for thousands of years.  What happened to your ship?  Yes, I know. We've been there.  Rojan, there's no reason to do this by force. Let's take your  problem to the Federation. Research expeditions have catalogued  hundreds of uninhabited planets in this galaxy suitable for  colonization.  The Federation has handled foreign invasions before.  All right. We can't break out. There must be another way.  That's a very good question.  Spock, what are the odds in such absolute duplication of life  forms in another galaxy?  They have the paralysis field. Rojan mentioned something about a  central projector.  Those devices on their belts might indicate the source of the  force field.  You'll get your chance, but you'll do it under orders.  On Eminiar Seven, you were able to trick the guard by a Vulcan  mind probe.  Do you think you can do it again?  Are you all right?  I'm responsible. Let them go.  What was it?  Perhaps practicality. They chose the Enterprise as the best  vessel for the trip. Immense beings with a hundred tentacles would have  difficulty with the turbolift. We've got to stop them. We outnumber  them. Their only hold on us is the paralysis field.  Jam. Spock, if you reverse the circuits on McCoy's  neuro-analyser, can you set up a counter field to jam the paralysis  projector?  Is there a chance at all?  We'll take it. You and Bones have to get to the ship.  Yes. Mister Spock, you're sick.  No, you're not. Doctor McCoy has given you an thorough  examination, and you're ill. In fact, if you don't get to the sickbay,  you're going to die.  Vulcans have the ability to place themselves in a kind of trance,  complete relaxation of every part of the mind and body.  Can you do it now and come out of it in the sickbay, say in half  an hour?  Go ahead.  (Spock touches his forehead, straightens up, then falls gently into  McCoy and Kirk's arms.)  (goes to the door) Hanar? Hanar.  Mister Spock is ill. The doctor thinks he may be dying.  He's a Vulcan. They don't react like humans.  Do what you can with him, Bones. [Sickbay] (McCoy and Tomar wheel Spock in on a trolley.)  What do you want from me now?  My duty is to stop you in any way I can.  Or you will kill more of my people?  Flowers. I don't know the variety.  A rose by any other name.  A quote from a great human poet, Shakespeare. That which we call  a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.  [Bridge] Increase speed to warp eleven, Mister Chekov.  Rojan, I'm going to sickbay. My first officer was taken ill.  Anything?  Well?  What alternative?  What?  Are you mad? I can't just [Bridge] (The turbolift arrives.)  Reading, Spock.  Hold your position.  (Scott throws switches to stop the button flashing. The ship starts  shaking as it passes through the barrier into intergalactic space.)  Thank you. So are yours.  What neutralising operation?  No!  Is this all?  I couldn't.  I didn't think it was.  Bones, that's enough!  They've reduced the whole crew! (thumps table in anger)  It's your idea, Doctor. Go ahead.  Even if we could, it's out of the question. We need that  projector to bring our people back to human form.  What is?  But then Tomar shouldn't be enjoying the taste of his food.  If they all respond to stimulation of the senses, then maybe we  can distract them. They can't have been able to handle the senses yet.  If we can confuse them enough, we can get those devices from their  belts.  All right. It may be our only chance. Look for any way to  stimulate the senses.  Am I disturbing you?  I wish to apologise.  For hitting you. I'm sorry.  Yes, well, I don't usually go around beating up beautiful women.  Well, there are better things for men and women to do.  Is this where I hit you?  Oh. I'm sorry. (he kisses it) Is that better?  This is.  (And gives her a full-on kiss with embrace.)  Well, among humans, it's meant to express warmth and love.  Me?  We enjoy it.  Kelinda, I'm sorry I brought up the whole subject.  I did.  Not when I came in.  (Kirk leaves)  The thing is, I can't tell if we're getting  anywhere. And I haven't seen Scotty in hours.  You had something to say?  Yes?  Yes. We do think a great deal about it.  You have a question?  Yes, that's too bad. Why do you defy him?  Huh. And how's the research going?  That's not enough, Rojan.  If you can't keep her, that's not my problem.  Why don't you use your paralyser? You thought I was taking your  woman away from you. You're jealous! You tried to kill me with your  bare hands. Would a Kelvan do that? Would he have to? You're reacting  with the emotions of a human. You are a human.  I'm stimulating him. (McCoy pushes him back into the fight.) You  have no choice. To use this ship, you have to use our form and now  you're stuck with it, you and your descendants, for the next three  hundred years.  Look what's happened in the short time you've been exposed to us.  What do you think will happen in three centuries? When this ship gets  to Kelva, the people on it will be human. They'll be aliens. Enemies!  Your mission is to find new worlds for your people to live in.  You can still do that. We can bring this problem to the Federation.  There are many planets in this galaxy that can be inhabited.  No. But we would welcome friends.  You see, Rojan, being human does have certain advantages. Being  able to appreciate the beauty of a flower or a woman.  Turn the ship around. We're going home. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Well?  Someone or something has succeeded. Our distress signal relays  have been activated. We've been given a direction to follow, but how?  What's causing it?  Close to Earth conditions.  Who are you, Sargon?  Is that a request or demand?  The planet is dead. There's no possibility of life there as we  understand life.  (dictating log) Since exploration and contact  with alien intelligences  is our primary mission, I've decided to risk the potential dangers and  resume contact. Log entry out. How long before Starfleet receives that?    Got something?  Lieutenant Uhura, have Doctor McCoy report to the transporter  room in ten minutes with standard landing party equipment.  Spock.  And I would like to have my science officer with me on something  as unusual as this, but it is full of unknowns and we can't risk both  of us being off the ship.  (The lights go out.)  On the other hand, perhaps this Sargon would like you to come  with us.  (Power is restored.)  I see. Will you transport down with us, Mister Spock?  Mister Sulu, you have the conn.  [Transporter room] Easy, Bones. As long as you know there's something down there,  you know as much as we do. The rest is only guesses.  I have a feeling that they or it could destroy us just standing  here if they or it wanted to.  Who are you?  By whom?  Oh, yes.  No, we're not. Let's go.  Doctor, if you prefer to stay behind?  Kirk here.  Yes, Scotty, and I shouldn't be able to this deep inside the  planet, but perhaps this has been arranged for us, too. Is the security  guard up there? [Transporter room] No problem yet. Maintain alert. Kirk out.  Composition of walls?  Is that for us, or does it need fresh air?  (A panel slides back to reveal a much larger area, with rock walls, and  a glowing sphere elegantly poised on an angled support.)  Impossible.  That's twice you've referred to us as my children.  A war?  Then perhaps your intelligence wasn't so great, Sargon. We faced  a similar crisis in our early nuclear age. We found the wisdom  not to destroy ourselves.  I don't understand.  You said you wanted our help. What is it you wish?  (Kirk staggers back slightly, then there is a high-pitched sound as his  head is flung back.)  I am Sargon.  He is unharmed. I have taken his body to demonstrate  Lungs filled with air again. To see again. Heart pumping,  arteries surging with blood again. A half a million years. To be again.  Your captain has an excellent body, Doctor McCoy. I compliment you both  on the condition in which you maintained it.  Have no fear. Your captain is quite unharmed, although his mind  generates insufficient energy for him to speak from there as I do.  In the next room, there are other receptacles. The other two of  us that survived. You, Doctor Ann Mulhall, and you, Mister Spock, we  require your bodies also. We must have Captain Kirk and you so that we  may live again. [Small chamber] (There are a group of boxes on the wall, containing  spheres. Only two are alight.)  Even for us, a half million years is almost too long to wait. Two  others still survive. Henoch and Thalassa. Thalassa, my Thalassa. I am  pleased you survived with me. Forgive me. It has been so very long.  Only the best minds were chosen to survive. Thalassa, my wife, as  you may have guessed. Henoch, from the other side. Realising our  mistake, we attempted to perpetuate both sides. We built this chamber  here in order to preserve our essence in this fashion.  We knew the seed that we had planted on other planets would take  root, that one day you would build vessels as we did, and one day you  would come here.  To steal? To take them from you? No, no, my children, you  misunderstand. We mean only that you should lend us your bodies  for a short time.  I will return your captain to you before the body limit has been  reached.  To build. To build humanoid robots. We must borrow your bodies  long enough to have the use of your hands, your fingers.  No. Our methods, our skills are far beyond your abilities. It is  time.  (They help him back to Sargon's sphere.) [Chamber] (Kirk briefly convulses with pain, then the sphere  glows bright again, and he falls to his knees.)  Yes. Sargon borrowed my body. I was floating in time and space.  Spock, I remember. When Sargon and I exchanged, as we passed each  other, for an instant we were one. I know him now. I know what he is  and what he wants, and I don't fear him.  Sargon.  A simple transference. Their minds and ours.  Scotty, I need your approval, too. Since you'll work with them,  furnishing them all they need to make the android robots.  You won't be working with them, you'll be working with us, our bodies.  They'll be inside us, and we'll be  Bones, they'll show us medical advances, miracles you never  dreamed possible. Scotty, engineering advances. Vessels this size with  engines the size of walnuts.  They selected us as the most compatible bodies.  Bones? You could stop all this by saying no. That's why I called  you all here together. We'll all be deeply involved. It must be  unanimous.  They used to say if man could fly, he'd have wings. But he did  fly. He discovered he had to. Do you wish that the first Apollo mission  hadn't reached the moon, or that we hadn't gone on to Mars and then to  the nearest star? That's like saying you wish that you still operated  with scalpels and sewed your patients up with catgut like your  great-great-great-great-grandfather used to. I'm in command. I could  order this. But I'm not because, Doctor McCoy is right in pointing out  the enormous danger potential in any contact with life and intelligence  as fantastically advanced as this. But I must point out that the  possibilities, the potential for knowledge and advancement is equally  great. Risk. Risk is our business. That's what the starship is all  about. That's why we're aboard her. You may dissent without prejudice.  Do I hear a negative vote? (silence around the table) Engineer, stand  by to beam aboard three receptacles.  [Sickbay] (The three volunteers are lying on beds, with the  spheres on tables beside them.)  Ready, Sargon.  (The spheres emit a brilliant light, the patients twitch, then the  spheres dim.)  (with echoy Sargon voice) The transference is complete.  Here. In this body.  And I too am pleased, beloved.  Kiss.  (So they do.)  We will vacate at once until you can administer a metabolic  reduction injection.  Henoch, your condition?  Fortunate. We will vacate at once.  (And they are as good as their word.)  Bones, what?  I remember. You held my hand like this.  (He kisses it, as Spock comes in.)  I think it best not to remember so well.  Our minds will have survived. And as androids, we can move among  the people who do live, teaching them, helping them not to make the  errors we did.  Nothing. Our next injection will renovate me. Do not be  concerned. [Sickbay] (Chapel is holding the hypos and trying to remember  something very important.)  Sickbay.  Sargon here, McCoy. I'm in your deck six briefing room.  (Mulhall enters.)  Nothing of importance. Fatigue perhaps.  (She sees what is on the monitor.)  Yes. I wanted to be certain there was no error. Formula is  correct. Don't be concerned. It is an excellent body. There. You see? I  feel better already.  That will take months, perhaps years. We haven't that choice,  Thalassa.  No, beloved. If we torment ourselves  Our thoughts will intertwine.  Yes, I'm fine, Bones.  It was necessary.  Bones, prepare a hypo. The fastest, deadliest poison to Vulcans.  Spock's consciousness is gone. We must kill his body, the thing in it.  [Bridge] (Uhura is screaming in terror before collapsing  across her console. Chapel is standing rigid by the Captain's chair.)  Spock. My friend Spock. If there'd only been another way.  You're alive.  But your vessel was destroyed, too. Where was your consciousness  kept?  Is there any way we can help you, Sargon?  I promise, beloved.  Forever beloved. Forever.  (They embrace and kiss, and the light thing happens again during it.)  Well, I'm sure that Sargon appreciated your co-operation, Doctor  Mulhall. 
We want the inner one, Ekos. Plot a standard orbit, Mister  Chekov, and take us in.  Lieutenant Uhura, raise John Gill on Starfleet communications.  I don't know, Bones. We're here to find out what's happened  because I don't know.  I knew him very well. He was my instructor at the Academy.  From Ekos?  Have you raised anyone, Lieutenant?  Stand by phasers.  Range, Mister Chekov?  Fire.  (A big ball of fire fills the viewscreen. Fire in a vacuum? Never  mind.)  Maybe they had help. Maximum orbit. Take us out of range of their  detection range.  Execute.  We've run into a far more serious problem than the disappearance  of John Gill. Spock, you and I will beam down. Bones, one precaution.  Prepare a subcutaneous transponder in the event we can't use our  communicators.  [Transporter room] (Kirk and Spock are in local dress - mid/late  twentieth century manual worker style including woolly hat to cover  Spock's ears.)  Insert the transponders. Make one low pass to communication range  in three hours. If we fail to make contact at the appointed time, take  our co-ordinates from the transponder and beam us aboard no matter what  our condition may be.  You ready?  Energise.  [Street] (It's very quiet, no people or transport.)  Unbelievable. Do you recognise those uniforms?  How could this have happened? The chances of another planet  developing a culture like Nazi Germany, using the forms, the symbols,  the uniforms of twentieth century Earth are so fantastically slim.  You look quite well for a man who's been utterly destroyed,  Mister Spock.  That's John Gill. The Fuhrer?  You're right. He's not one of us.  Look at him.  (Kirk karate chops the soldier unconscious and takes his  pistol.)  Spock, take his uniform.  If John Gill is the Fuhrer it would seem the logical approach.  That helmet covers a multitude of sins.  (They are accosted by a man in a dark blue uniform and peaked cap.)  Yes, it's a shame yours isn't as attractive as mine. Gestapo, I  believe.  Your orders, Lieutenant. He wants to see your orders in the  jacket. The Lieutenant's a little dazed. He captured several Zeons  single-handed. One of the pigs struck him before he dropped. I promise  you that pig will never get up again.  Hail the Fuhrer.  This is a day to remember, Major.  We have urgent business with the Fuhrer.  You're making this a rather one-sided conversation, Major.  Let me speak to your Fuhrer. I'll tell him everything he wants to  know.  I'll explain when I see the Fuhrer.  I'll discuss that only with him.  John Gill was the kindest, gentlest man I  ever knew. For him to be a Nazi is impossible.  (As soon as the Nazis have left the room, the other man comes over to  the adjoining bars.)  Were they like this when you first came?  Do you know the plan of this building?  If we can get to the SS weapons laboratory, get our weapons back,  we might be able to stop the slaughter.  We must get our communicators, contact the ship.  The transponders.  And a way to shed some light on the gloom, Mister Spock.  I know it's there. McCoy put it in. There. Do you have the  figures computed?  No, not a radio. The power from this light is very low.  I would be honoured, Mister Spock.  Oh, Mister Spock, the guard did a professional job on my back.  I'd appreciate it if you'd hurry.  (in pain) I don't care if you hit the broad side of a barn. Just  hurry, please.  Never mind, Spock. Just get on with the job.  (With the crystals presumably in the holes where the strip was fastened  to the bed frame, Spock holds it up to the  light bulb and directs a beam of coherent light at the door lock,  burning through it.)  Oh, my goodness. Beautiful. Oh, Spock Spock! (Spock gets down)  Beautiful. Over there. I'll create a commotion.  (Spock goes to hide behind the door to the room)  Help! Help! I'll talk! I'll talk! I can't stand it anymore! I'll  talk! Guard! Guard, I'll talk!  (A guard enters.)  Guard, I'll talk. I'll talk. The pain  (Spock neck-pinches the guard. They start to undress him.)  Take him with us, Mister Spock. He's got a point. He's our guide.  [Corridor] (Kirk is in the uniform, escorting an unshackled  Isak and Spock.)  Which is the laboratory door?  All right, Zeon pigs, move. (He stumbles against the Nazi.) Zeon  pigs. They do nothing right. Don't worry. They're on their way to the  laboratory, for experimental work. They'll pay. Move!  (Kirk has picked the keys from the Nazi's pocket.)  Move, move.  [Laboratory] (giving the pistol to Isak) Cover the door.  (Spock and Kirk search for their equipment.)  Here they are. The communicators, disassembled. Can you get one  to work?  (reading a clipboard) The alien pistols have been sent to Gestapo  Command Headquarters. Well, that takes care of the phasers.  (The Nazi walks back in, and Isak pistol-whips him.)  You Zeons, for peaceful people, are pretty thorough.  We came for John Gill.  All right, Mister Spock. You've made your point. Get into the  uniform and hide those ears again.  [Street] (Kirk and Spock are carrying a stretcher out of the  doors. The brass plaque says Service Entrance.)  Hunting's good. We've caught so many Zeons, we've got to dump  them outside. [Zeon hiding-place] (Down a manhole, down a ladder, along a tunnel into  a cave.)  I was trying to see the Fuhrer.  If I can see him, there may be a way of stopping this insanity.  The Enterprise won't be within range for another hour.  (A Nazi with a machine gun comes in. Abrom, Davod, Isak and others are  being herded at gunpoint by the young woman from the news broadcast.)  The girl on the viewscreen.  Daras.  I must see the Fuhrer. It's urgent.  Melakon?  How could this have seemed right to John Gill?  John Gill, your Fuhrer. He's one of our people.  I'm Captain James Kirk of the United Spaceship Enterprise. This  is my first officer, Mister Spock. John Gill, your Fuhrer, was sent  here by the Federation as a cultural observer.  That was not his mission, ever. He was sent here to observe, not  to interfere. Something went wrong, and that's why we're here. To find  out and to correct. We must see him.  Maximum security. Is he so afraid?  I don't understand what's going on here. This goes against every  principle that John Gill ever believed in. Our only chance is to see  him, and quickly.  Will you be there?  You must get us in there.  Lights.  (The hand held floodlight blinds the guards.)  Get me some lights on her.  Excuse me. [Corridor] Very good, Spock. We may make a human of you yet.  SPOCK; I hope not.  Let's go. [Entrance to Main room] (There's a bit of a party going on before the  speech.)  Lights. (he films Eneg leaving) Thank you. Where does the Fuhrer  enter?  They've got the booth curtained off. Bring that light to the side  of her face. Where's the entrance to the broadcast booth?  We're going to try.  Good.  We're here to get John Gill, and alive, not for your personal  satisfaction. Is that clear? Let's try down there.  (They go down the corridor) [Outside the booth] Lights, please. Gentlemen, this is for the  record of the Fuhrer's Final Solution speech.  Smile, gentlemen. There will be more coverage later. Thank you  very much. Let's get a moving shot down the hall.  [Corridor] Yes, well, that may be part of the plan, the semi-divine  detachment.  It may be simpler than that. He may be drugged. We need McCoy. Is  there a place, a room we can be alone for a few minutes? I'm going to  send for help.  It takes too long to explain. Any place will do.  Think positively, Spock.  Captain here. Put McCoy on.  We've having difficulty. Patch historical computer into uniform  section. I want McCoy outfitted as a Gestapo doctor Nazi Germany, old  Earth date 1944. Make him a colonel.  We found John Gill. At least, we've seen him. He may be drugged,  hypnotised, or psychotic. You'll have to make a determination. Hurry  with that uniform.  (Daras enters.)  What is it?  Kirk to Enterprise. What's happening up there? [Bridge] Send him down naked if you have to. Kirk out.    (McCoy is beamed down still trying to put a boot on.)  This is Doctor McCoy, our Chief Medical Officer. Daras, secretary  to the National Socialist Party.  The Colonel is drunk. He's had a little too much to drink.  Yes, he thought he would embarrass the Fuhrer.  Nor do I, but luck is something you also fail to recognise,  Mister Spock.  Let's go. [Main room] (The curtain is pulled aside so Gill can be seen on  the screen, but his mouth is hidden behind the large microphone. All  the people salute him.)  Watch his mouth.  Random sentences strung together.  (to guards) Gentlemen, I want a picture of  you two with the Hero of the Fatherland listening to the stirring  Fuhrer's speech. Get that light over there, please. Get this light  around here. Smile, gentlemen. Turn around, smile, and now.  (Neck pinch and strangle hold dispose of the guards.)  It's locked. Keys. [Main room] Is there anything you do?  Take the risk.  Bones, increase the dosage.  Spock, try to get through to him with a mind probe. If you can't,  Bones, you'll have to use a stronger stimulant, no matter what it does.    That would mean the death of thousands of Ekosian spacemen.  We could save Zeon, but what about Ekos?  Well done, Spock. They've kept what's left of him as a figure  head.  Gill. Gill, why did you abandon your mission? Why did you  interfere with this culture?  But why Nazi Germany? You studied history. You knew what the  Nazis were.  But it was brutal, perverted, had to be destroyed at a terrible  cost. Why that example?  Why, Gill? Why?  Gill. Gill. Gill, can you hear me? You've got to tell those  people what happened! You're the only one who can prevent the  slaughter! Gill!  Bones, give him another shot!  We've run out of time, Bones. No, wait. (to Daras, with a rifle)  Aim it at Spock. Spock, take off the helmet.  (Eneg and guards enter)  She captured a Zeon spy that was attempting to assassinate the  Fuhrer.  We'll make a present of him to Melakon.  Stay close to Spock. Stall for time. And hope.  (They leave him alone with Gill.  [Main room] Professor Gill, can you hear me? You've got to speak. You've got  to speak. This is our last chance. Gill?  [Main room] Professor. Professor! You've got to talk! You've got to tell them  what happened. You've got to come out of it. Come on, Professor. Come  on. Come on.  [Main room] You did that, Professor. You told them in time.  Dead.  So is he.  Mister Spock, I think the planet is in good  hands.  Kirk to Enterprise.  Beam us aboard.  [Bridge] He drew the wrong conclusion from history. The problem with the  Nazis wasn't simply that their leaders were evil, psychotic men. They  were, but the main problem, I think, was the leader principle.  Gentlemen. Gentlemen, we've just been through one civil war.  Let's not start another. Mister Chekov, take us out of orbit. Warp  factor two, and hurry. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Then cut power. 
Lieutenant, sound alert.  Long range sensor scan, Mister Sulu.  Try to contact her, Lieutenant.  The Exeter. she was patrolling in this area six months ago. I  hadn't heard of any trouble.  I see. Magnification factor three, Mister Sulu.  (The viewscreen shows a sister ship to the Enterprise orbiting the  purple planet.)  Hold our position out here, Mister Sulu. Lieutenant, have Mister  Spock, Doctor McCoy, and Lieutenant Galloway report to the transporter  room. We'll board and investigate.  [Transporter room] Phasers on heavy stun. Energise.  [Exeter Engineering] (It's dark and quiet.)  Just their uniforms left.  Exactly. When what?  (McCoy scans the white crystals.)  This is Captain Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Is anyone on board?  If there is, and you can hear me, please respond by intercom to the  engineering section. Is there anyone on board?  What about the shuttlecraft?  Doctor McCoy and I are going to the Bridge. Meet us there.  Captain's log. Aboard the USS Exeter commanded by  Ron Tracey, one of the most experienced captains in the Starfleet. What  could have happened to him and the over four hundred men and women who  were on this ship?  [Exeter Bridge] Spock, play the last log tape. Maybe they had time to record what  happened to them.  What do you mean?  Prepare to beam down to the planet surface fast.  (He turns and looks down at the blue uniform lying on the floor where  they saw the doctor fall.)  [Village] (The four beam into a place with wooden  construction, fabric hangings on walls, and a beheading about to take  place in the main square. It takes three villagers to try and restrain  the big man they want to kill, and two to hold the woman who will  follow him. Then someone sees the new arrivals.)  That's Ron Tracey. Ron.  You were left alone down here, Ron. What happened?  Yes, I know. We saw it.  I don't think we're going to have time to isolate it, Bones.  Are you all right?  Spock, do you see any hope that these Yangs can be reasoned with?  A truce, a parley, a  Phaser power packs.  The fool.  The fool. Starfleet should be made aware.  (Kirk gets out his communicator, and Tracey enters, phaser ready, and  backed up by villagers.)  Sulu!  (Wu hits him, hard.)  Captain Ronald Tracey, as per Starfleet Command, regulation  seven, paragraph four  Which is, why?  (Meanwhile he is quietly loosening the leather thongs around his  wrists.)  McCoy could verify all that.  For sale by  Yes, I suppose they would.  It's a very interesting proposition. Let me think it over.  (He's got his hands free, so now the two Captains get to fight. Tracey  wins.)  I don't think we have the right or the wisdom to interfere,  however a planet is evolving.  Don't they ever rest?  Thank you, Spock. (grabs the woman to use her as a shield, but  she bites his hand.) At least tell me why you want to kill me.  No point in repeating that it's illogical, Spock. I'm quite aware  of it.  (The woman is finally within reach of Spock's neck pinch, and down she  goes. The male is astonished, and goes to protect her rather than keep  fighting.)  Pity you can't teach me that.  I can't even get at it. He'd be on me in a moment. (the woman is  awake again) Keep talking, Spock. Don't let me doze off.  That's a very interesting theory. The yellow civilisation is  almost destroyed, the white civilisation is destroyed. Keep working on  the window if we're ever going to regain our freedom.  Spock.  Well, well, well. It is our worship word, too.  Am I not now a prisoner of the Kohms as you are?  (Kirk gets to the barred window and starts working on it. Cloud William  helps him.)  Why did you not speak until now?  Spock, we'll have you out in a minute.  (Cloud William knocks Kirk out with the iron bar, them rips the others  out of the window to make his escape.)  Spock. How long?  Seven hours and eight. Spock. Keys. (on a table) I'll have you  out in a minute. [Storeroom] (There is a scraping noise outside. When the guard  investigates, he is overpowered by Kirk and Spock.)  Good morning.  Good. Did you find out anything?  There is a disease here, something that affected the Exeter  landing party and us.  Then we can leave any time we want to. Tracey is of the opinion  these immunising agents can become a fountain of youth.  There are people here over a thousand years old, Bones.  Then anything you develop here as a result of all this is  useless.  All that bloodshed for nothing. That'll be sufficient, Mister  Spock.  (Tracey appears at the door with his phaser, and shoots Spock.)  We can beam up at any time. Any of us.  There's no serum! There are no miracles! There's no immortality  here! All this is for nothing!  Do what you can for him, Doctor. [Village] Where is everybody?  We can beam up, Tracey. All of us.  All right. (takes the communicator) Kirk to Enterprise. [Bridge] Yes, quite all right. I'd like ten phasers  beamed down with three extra power packs, please. Have you got that?  Enterprise, do you read me? [Bridge] Not even if we're in danger, Mister Sulu? [Bridge] The situation is not immediately dangerous. Have the volunteers  stand by. Kirk out.  Spock?  If my ancestors were forced out of the cities into the deserts,  the hills  Living like the Indians, and finally even looking like the  American Indian. American. Yangs? Yanks? Spock, Yankees!  But if it were true, all these generations of Yanks fighting to  regain their land.  And to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God,  indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.  In my land we have a tribe like you.  Up there. One of those points of light that you see at night.  You're confusing the stars with heaven.  We're not gods! We're not evil ones. We're men, like yourselves.  Are your faces alike? Can you tell from them which of you is good  and which of you is evil?  Those words are familiar. Wait a moment.  No, wait! There's a better way. Does not your sacred book promise  that good is stronger than evil?  We'll discuss that later, Lieutenant. Leslie, free Doctor McCoy  and Mister Spock. Put Captain Tracey under arrest.  Now, Cloud William.  I did not recognise those words, you said them so badly, Without  meaning.  This was not written for chiefs. (general consternation) Hear me!  Hear this! Among my people, we carry many such words as this from many  lands, many worlds. Many are equally good and are as well respected,  but wherever we have gone, no words have said this thing of importance  in quite this way. Look at these three words written larger than the  rest, with a special pride never written before or since. Tall words  proudly saying We the People. That which you call Ee'd Plebnista was  not written for the chiefs or the kings or the warriors or the rich and  powerful, but for all the people! Down the centuries, you have slurred  the meaning of the words, 'We, the people of the United States, in  order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, ensure domestic  tranquillity, provide for the common defence, promote the general  welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our  posterity, do ordain and establish this constitution.' These words and  the words that follow were not written only for the Yangs, but for the  Kohms as well!  They must apply to everyone or they mean nothing! Do you  understand?  We merely showed them the meaning of what they were fighting for.  Liberty and freedom have to be more than just words.  Gentlemen, the fighting is over here. I suggest we leave them to  discover their history and their liberty.  (Kirk takes one last look at the flag before leaving.) <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Kirk here. What's happening?  Bones, hurry with that report. Join me in the briefing room  with your analysis.  Lead us to him.  Triangulate on this location. 
Steady as she goes. Phaser crew, stand by.  (There's a strange object on the viewscreen.)  Sensor readings?  Analysis, Science Officer?  Thank you, Science Officer. Come to one eight one mark seven.  It's staying with us.  Full stop, Mister Chekov. Hold your position.  English.  Interesting. Telepathy.  Our orders are very clear. We're to establish contact with the  Melkotians at all costs.  What previous contacts have been made with the Melkotians?  Lieutenant, hailing frequencies.  This is Captain James T. Kirk of the starship Enterprise,  representing the United Federation of Planets. We've contacted your  buoy and understand its message. We hope that you will understand that  our intent is to establish peaceful relations with you. Lieutenant,  answer?  Try again.  Opinion, Mister Spock?  None whatsoever. Mister Chekov, deflectors at full intensity.  Increase speed to achieve planet fall as scheduled.  Lieutenant Uhura, advise Doctor McCoy and Engineer Scott to meet  me in the transporter room. Mister Spock, Mister Chekov, let's go find  out what it is they're afraid of.  Captain's Log, stardate 4385.3. We have transported  down to the Melkotian planet and have encountered conditions which are  completely contrary to what we were prepared for.  [Planet surface] (The landing party are surrounded by dense fog.)  Spock, what is this?  Tricorder readings, Mister Spock?  Then let's get out of here. Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to  Enterprise. Come in.  We come in peace, but we'll defend ourselves if necessary.  Spock, evaluation?  Or perhaps this is all they require to complete the pattern of  our death.  Beautiful specimen.  Whatever the Melkotians have planned for us, it won't be  pleasant. These could be useful. Just remember one thing. To  individuals at close range, these could be as deadly as phasers.  (reading from a newspaper pinned up) October 26, 1881. Tombstone,  Arizona.  But why here? And why now?  Because my ancestors pioneered the American frontier.  There's something about that date, October 26, 1881 But what was  it?  (The sheriff comes over, grinning.)  Looks like we did.  You know us?  I'm a barrel of laughs.  Johnny? He called me lke, you Frank, Bones Tom, and Billy. Ike  Clanton, Tom and Frank McLowery, Billy Claiborne, Billy Clanton.  In the late nineteenth century in Arizona, two factions fought  for control of the town of Tombstone. The Earps, Morgan, Virgil and  Wyatt, who were the town marshals, along with Doc Holliday.  The Clantons lost, Mister Chekov.  We are the Clantons. And if this is a replay of history  That's one thing we can be sure of. Death is real. [Saloon] (Tables, chairs, bar, pianola, no roof or walls.)  Yes, of course. The man who kills on sight. Morgan Earp.  Good old Virgil. We can always count on him.  I don't think we're going to have any choice.  No, no, no. All right, all right, all right. We don't want any  trouble.  Just leave us alone, Mister Earp. That's all we ask.  I guess so.  Er, Mister Chekov?  Young lady. Young lady.  I'd like to talk to Mister, to Billy alone, if you don't mind.  Mister Chekov, you be careful. Mister Spock, except for our hand  guns, we haven't changed, not even our clothing, yet these people see  and hear us as the Clantons.  All right, what have we got? We're here in Tombstone, Arizona,  October 26, 1881. The day of the gunfight at OK Corral. And we're the  Clantons, and Morgan Earp has just gone to tell his brothers we're  here.  Well, we're not going to be at the OK Corral at five o'clock this  afternoon. You, bartender. Ed. You, er, you claim you know us.  Take a close look at me.  Who do you think I am?  I know this is hard to understand, but I'm Captain James T. Kirk  of the spaceship Enterprise. These men are part of my crew. We're not  really here, we're from the future. We haven't been born yet. Feel the  material in my shirt. Now feel the material in your own shirt. Do you  notice any difference?  Do these clothes look like yours?  Have you seen clothes like this before?  Where?  I'm not joking.  I'm not joking! I'm not Ike Clanton!  Good morning, gentlemen. My name's James Kirk. I'm afraid there's  been some sort of misunderstanding.  Yes, of course you did, and I wanted to talk to you about that.  There's been some sort of mistake, a misunderstanding.  Yes. We'd be glad to. We don't want to fight.  I'll make one more attempt to get through to you, Mister Earp. My  name is not Clanton, it's Kirk.  I'm not joking.  Not me, Mister Earp.  We don't want any trouble. We'll be glad to co-operate.  What do you call that stuff? Fire?  Label it for external use Only.  And your reflexes. We're going to need fast reflexes from now on.  There's no negotiating with the Earps. We know that.  Could we make a communicator?  The problem is clear, Spock. We're going to have to seek  contemporary solutions. Where's Chekov?  Mister Chekov, I mean Billy. Come along.  Gentlemen. [Street] To exercise the better part of valour.  (But when they get to the City Limits notice, they are stopped with a  sizzle.)  Well, that settles that. A force field.  (Then a clock face in mid-air strikes three.)  Mister Chekov. If you were in charge of the Enterprise, what  would you be doing?  Very good. If we could find the place where we beamed down, the  ship might lock in and beam us up.  It could be anywhere within a thousand mile radius.  We have until five o'clock to find that way. Now consider this.  What materials were on hand in 1881 that could help us fight the Earps  on their own terms?  No, the Melkots gave us those to execute us. We have to find a  way to put the Earps out of action. Is there anything that exists here  and now that could help us out of this trap?  Bones, the venom, the plants. Can you make use of them?  First, Bones, the ingredients you require.  Chekov, mortar and pestle.  (McCoy and Chekov leave.)  How do you intend to deliver the tranquilliser on target?  Cotton wadding. Try the apothecary.  No.  Yes, we can.  Scotty, they're trying to push us into something we're not ready  for.  Maybe he wouldn't be if I hadn't ignored the Melkot warning.  But not this minute, Spock. It takes us a little longer.  Bones, Scotty.  About what?  William Claiborne, that's right.  Yes. Yes, that's right. That means it doesn't have to happen the  way it happened. We can change it. Bones, how's the tranquilliser  coming?  Spock?  And we'll have a tranquilliser grenade?  Forget precision. Will it work?  Make sure it does, Spock. If we don't tranquillise them, we'll  have to fight them.  But not with the Earps. I've tried that. That's out. There must  be a way. History has been changed in the fact that Billy Claiborne  didn't die, but Chekov is lying there dead. That means there must be a  way to change this history.  Not with the Earps. There is one other place I can try. [Outside the Sheriff's office] Yes, Sheriff. I want you to stop the fight.  I do now.  How else is he going to get justice?  It's not too late. Sheriff. Sheriff. There must be plenty of  decent people in town who don't like the Earps. Let's organise them.  Then the people had better wake up and let the law work for them.    Yes, I want revenge. I want to crush the life out of the Earps.  But I can't just kill them.  Can't I get it through your stupid head? I can't just kill them!  I can't murder them!  I can't kill them! I can't kill them!  How soon will that be ready?  Good. How long will it take the tranquilliser to have effect?  How did you manage to test it?  Up to now, everything has gone wrong. I want it tested now.  It doesn't work.  It was our last chance.  We need a weapon. An answer.  Ten minutes and it's all going to end at the OK Corral. Well,  we're going to wait right here until well after five o'clock. We're not  going to move from this spot. [OK Corral] (Famous last words, Captain.)  Let's get out of here.  (But there is a forcefield to stop them.)  Scotty, Bones. (and it's all the way around.) We're trapped. They  got their way. We've got to stand and fight.  They're experts at gunfighting. We don't have a chance.  Spock, you've got something?  It would've been effective anywhere else.  Chekov is dead because he believed the bullets would kill him.  But we do know that the Melkotians created the situation. If we  do not allow ourselves to believe that the bullets are real, they  cannot kill us.  We must all be as certain as you are, Mister Spock, to save our  lives.  We must. Spock, a Vulcan mind meld.  Right here, it seems.  Do you remember anything else?  Good. Perhaps that explains why he's here. Nothing was real to  him except the girl.  Sensor readings.  Lieutenant, sound Red Alert. Mister Chekov, deflector shields on  full. Phaser gun crews, lock on target.  Phaser guns, stand by to fire.  (The Melkotian buoy explodes.)  Damage report, Lieutenant.  It is. We fight only when there's no choice. We prefer the ways  of peaceful contact. I speak for a vast alliance of fellow creatures  who believe in the same thing. We have sought you out to join us. Our  mission is still one of peace.  Excellent. Lieutenant, cancel Red Alert. Mister Chekov, resume  original course, warp factor two.  I'm sure I'll be able to give you an answer, Mister Spock.  Is that the way it seemed to you, Mister Spock?  Mister Spock, you're absolutely right. That's exactly the way it  was.  That's the way it was in 1881.  We overcame our instinct for violence. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Kirk here. 
(dazed and confused) Where am I? What  place is this? What are these? (phaser and communicator) I feel should  know. They're familiar and yet unfamiliar. How did I get here? Who am  I? Try to remember.  (He finds a flight of stairs and walks up, out into the sunshine) [Obelisk] (Two young women are approaching, carrying baskets  of food.)  I have found paradise. Surely no man has ever attained such  happiness. [Path] (Salish blocks Kirk's way. He has a knife.)  These last few weeks, my love for Miramanee grows stronger  with each passing day. However, the dreams return every night.  Fragments of memories. I can almost get hold of them, and then  (Miramanee returns with what native american women carry their babies  in.) 
Kirk here. 
Kirk here. Nothing to report, Doctor. We haven't  located Mrs. Crater. What's the matter, can't you sleep?  Try taking one of those red pills you gave me last  week. You'll sleep. [Bridge]  
Mister Sulu, we're not orbiting Triacus.   
What do you read, Mister Spock?  Any contact, Lieutenant?  Keep trying.  Magnification ten, Mister Chekov.  Well, Scotty?  Interesting design.  Life forms, Mister Spock?  Directed at what?  Security guard.  I'm Captain James Kirk. This is the Starship Enterprise.  (The security guards rush in, she presses a button on her wrist band,  the power goes off and everyone collapses. Then the same happens to the  crew all over the ship. The woman walks over to Spock, and puts her  hand on his head.)  (Later - after the opening titles - the power comes back on and  everyone wakes up again.)  Helm status, Mister Sulu.  Condition reports from all decks, Lieutenant.  Spock. Where's Spock?  Yes, what is it? [McCoy's office] All right. On my way.  Spock. What happened?  Like this?  What happened?  You've got him on complete life support. Was he dead?  What do you mean?  Come on, Bones. What's the mystery?  His what?  How could he survive?  If his brain is missing, then Spock is dying.  That girl.  From that ship. She took it. I don't know why, or where, but she  must have taken it. Bones, how long can you keep him functioning?  That's not good enough, Doctor.  Then we'll take him with us.  In search of his brain, Doctor. From what you say, the moment we  find it we must restore it to his body, or we lose him.  I'll find it.  It was taken out. It can be put back in.  The thief that took it has the knowledge. I'll force it out of  her.  You and Scotty have Spock ready.  [Bridge] Where does the trail lead to?  Lock on, Mister Sulu. Maximum speed.  No question about the trail?  All scanners, extreme sweep.  Well?  We've lost her trail, but she went into that system. Mister  Chekov, put a schematic of Sigma Draconis on the screen.  Read out, Mister Chekov?  She was breathing our air. She must've gone to one of them. Show  us the three Class-M planets. Mister Chekov.  (Chekov gets up and goes to the viewscreen to point out the relevant  items.)  Earth equivalent approximately 1485.  The year 2030.  Third Class M planet, Mister Chekov.  Now. as I understand it, Mister Chekov, there are three Class-M  planets,  Not one of which is capable of launching an interstellar flight,  Yet one of them accomplished it.  Thank you, Mister Chekov.  That's the primitive glaciated planet.  The source of it?  What do your surface readings show, Mister Chekov?  With regular pulsations of generated energy?  I can't afford to guess wrong. I've got to choose the right  planet, get there, find the brain. Eight hours and thirty five minutes.    Recommendations, Mister Chekov.  But advanced ion propulsion is beyond even our capabilities. It'd  be a miracle if they had developed it.  Yes.  Yes. Why would they want it? Eight hours and thirty four minutes.  Planet six is glaciated, you say?  But the energy. Regular. It's there. It's real.  Have the transporter room stand by. I'm taking a landing party  down to planet six.  A hunch, Mister Sulu.  If I guess wrong, Mister Spock is dead. Spock will die.  Captain's log, stardate 4351.5. We are beaming down  to a primitive glaciated planet in the Sigma Draconis star system.  Time left to us to find Spock's brain, eight hours and twenty nine  minutes.  [Planet surface] (Kirk, Scott, Chekov and two security guards beam  onto the rocky planet.)  Suit temperatures to seventy two. Life-form readings, Mister  Spock? (gets a look) Mister Scott?  Watch out. We know their development is primitive.  Read out, Mister Chekov.  You have a thick skin.  Phasers on stun. I want them conscious.  (The group of bearded, skin clad males with clubs move carefully  towards the Starfleet party.)  Fire only on my signal. Flank out.  (The primitives suddenly leap up from behind rocks, throwing stones and  their clubs. Kirk fires, and stuns the leader. The rest run away.)  We mean you no harm. We're not your enemies, we're your friends.  We only wish to talk to you.  No. We come from a far place. We are men.  Like yourselves.  Who are the Others?  Do they live here with you?  Do they come from the sky?  Do they come for your women as well?  The female of your kind.  Don't you have a mate?  Will you take us where we can find the Others?  We do. We want to find them. Take us there and we'll let you go.  Buildings?  Somewhere down there is where the Others live. Scotty, see if you  can find a way down.  It's all right.  (He struggles briefly with the Morg, who escapes and runs off.)  It's all right. Let him go.  What was it he said, pain and delight?  A dead and buried city on a planet in a glacial age.  I don't think so. Scotty.  (There is a pair of photoelectric cells creating an invisible trip wire  across the front of the supplies.)  Metal. Forged, tempered. Our apish friends didn't make these.  What do you think?  Or the food could be a lure set by the Others to bring them in  here.  And this cave a trap.  Exactly. [Cave entrance] Kirk to Enterprise.  Have Doctor McCoy beam down immediately.  Mister Chekov, you and the security team will remain here at the  entrance. We'll be in constant contact with you.  All right, Bones. Bring him along.  Ready?  (He steps across the beam and a metal shutter slams down, sealing the  cave entrance. The 'elevator room' drops rapidly.)  Phasers on stun.  A lot of it?  What source?  Or what?  We're slowing down.  (The door opens, and there is a woman in yellow in the corridor. She  reaches to her wrist band, but Kirk stuns her first. He takes her wrist  band.)  [Corridor] Is she all right?  Who's in charge? I wish to speak to him.  What have you done with Spock's brain? Where've you taken it?  You're lying!  (to Scott) See what you can pick up on your communicator.  We don't want to hurt you. What is this place?  Who are you?  Spock, is that you?  Yes, Spock. Yes.  We'll get you, Spock. It won't be long.  Quickly!  (They head off down the corridor, Scott controlling Spock's body. Then  around a corner comes a woman in purple with two Morg in uniforms.)  There she is. That's the one. What have you done with Spock's  brain?  (The woman in purple uses her wrist band to knock out the men. Only  Spock is left standing.)  Captain's Log, stardate 5431.6. Immediately after  making contact with Spock's brain, Doctor McCoy, Engineer Scott, and  myself were taken prisoner inside a highly complex civilisation  hundreds of metres below the surface of planet Sigma Draconis Seven.  The primitive creature we encountered above warned us about the givers  of pain and delight and the frightening consequences of being captured  by them. [Council room] (Luma and other women are present, and occasionally  giving pieces of food to the men standing around. Our landing party are  still  unconscious, and sitting on stools. The woman in purple comes in, and  four women sit at the L shaped table. She presses the green button  twice, and they wake up. All the men have belts with green buckles on  them.)  What have you done with Spock's brain?  This is Spock. You saw him on the ship. You have his brain. It  must be restored to him immediately. What have you done with it?  I do not know about Luma, but you were on the Enterprise. I saw  you.  You came to my ship!  I saw you on my ship.  No, it doesn't.  Sorry. We don't want to hurt anyone.  No. We'll stay here and learn about you and tell you of us.  I wish to talk to those in charge.  Yes, the organisers, the managers. The leader of your people.  Who controls this complex?  Yes, the Controller. The Controller. Who controls? I would like  to meet, to see him.  We intend no harm.  No, no, no. I promise you.  Bones. Scotty. Spock's brain controls  Great leader. Great leader! (He kneels in front of Kara.) We come  from a far place to learn from your Controller.  He is our friend. You must take us to him. We beg you. Soon it  will be too late.  You must take us.  (A single press of the green button and they collapse, writhing in  agony.)  I never felt anything like that. Every nerve  in my body was on fire.  No wonder the Morgs are so obedient, and terrified.  (A Morg blocks the doorway.)  How is this place kept functioning by the primitive minds we've  met?  (Their equipment is laid out on a table, but another Morg stops Kirk  getting to it.)  They were smart enough to invent these training devices. What a  way to maintain control over a man.  Yes, I certainly did notice those delightful aspects. But that  too was strictly under command of the women.  With a communicator, we might be able to find out. This fellow is  keeping us from our property.  I certainly think that science might provide an answer.  Agreed, Doctor.  (Kirk hits the Morg by the table while Scott and McCoy take on the one  by the door. It isn't easy, but finally the Captain triumphs.)  Science will triumph. Come on, Scotty. Bones, give them something  to keep them out for a while. (into communicator) Spock. Spock. Come  on, Spock. Spock, you were on this frequency, Spock.  No. We might be able to locate you, if you gave us some idea of  what they were using you for. Is it medical?  Spock, we don't have time for that.  We came to put you back. Where are you?  Back into your body. We brought it along with us.  The skill to remove it exists right where we are. Restoring it  must also be possible. That's why we've got to get to you as quickly as  we can.  Eighteen hours and twelve minutes.  That leaves us exactly five hours and forty eight minutes, Spock.    Yes. Very brief. That's why we must get to you immediately. Beam  us a signal so we can home in on you.  Bones. (Spock's body stands up and they walk out of the room) [Corridor] Oh, Spock, one question.  We've got pain-giving devices attached to us. Can you tell us how  to get them off.  Oh, yes it does, Spock. (further along) Keep concentrating,  Spock. Keep concentrating, Spock.  You'll find another Controller.  Spock, you're in a black box tied in with light rays into a  complex control panel.  You say you're breathing, pumping blood, maintaining temperature?  Is it possible that you're  re-circulating air,  running heating plants, purifying water?  He will not stay. (He makes Spock release her, and grabs her  himself, taking off her bracelet.) Now, you took his brain. You will  put it back. How did you do it?  She was on the Enterprise. She must have done it. How did you do  it?  How do you get the old knowledge?  What is the Teacher?  How does it work? Show us.  KARA; I cannot.  You must tell us.  How does it work? Show us! We'll protect you.  We're not the first to bring you the knowledge of killing. If you  continue, you'll kill Spock.  But Spock will be dead. His body's dying this minute.  No one may kill a man. Not for any purpose. It cannot be  condoned.  (He reaches for the phaser.)  You must help us. When you came to the ship, you had the  knowledge. Yet, when we came here, you didn't.  How long does the knowledge last?  If you had the knowledge, could you restore what you've taken?  You must help us. You must restore with that knowledge what you  have taken.  You must put back what you have taken.  Go ahead, Doctor. Put the Teacher on.  No. You won't be destroyed. You'll be without your Controller for  the first time, but you'll be much better off, I think.  No, you'll live and develop as you should have. All this  shouldn't have been done for you. Now the women here below and the men  here above will control together.  There are other ways. You'll discover them. You must move to the  surface, you understand.  No, you won't. You'll learn to build houses, to keep warm, to  work. We'll help you for a while. Humans have survived under worse  conditions. It's a matter of evolution. You'll be fine.  (McCoy is starting to pause and think.)  What is it?  Bones? Bones?  Bones, you can't stop now.  Bones?  You could. A while ago it was child's play.  Captain's log, supplemental. Our race against time  to save Spock's life may prove futile. Doctor McCoy has lost the  surgical knowledge he obtained from the teacher. He has been drawing on  his own skills and surgical techniques  in an attempt to continue the operation, but he is faltering and  uncertain. In a desperate hope that he can draw on Spock's brain for  assistance, I instructed Doctor McCoy to give priority to connecting  Spock's vocal chords.  [Control room] Well?  Well?  How do you feel, Spock?  What's that?  Well, we took the risk, Doctor. 
Mister Marvick. I am James Kirk, the Captain.  Yes, everything will be taken care of. This is Mister Spock, my  First Officer.  MARVICK; Oh, yes, you're the Vulcan. It's all right for you to remain,  but you, Captain, and this other gentleman.  We mustn't keep the ambassador waiting. If you'll go with Mister  Scott, I'm sure the two of you will have a great deal in common.  Lieutenant Uhura, open a channel to transporter control centre on  the planet.  This is Captain Kirk. Inform the ambassador and Doctor Jones  we're ready to beam them aboard. Kirk out. Are you sure this visor will  work?  It's your human half I'm worried about.  Inform me when transport is complete.  (Kirk leaves. Spock puts on the red filter visor and beams aboard a box  and a woman. She removes her visor and gives the Vulcan salute.)  Lieutenant Uhura, open a channel to all  decks.  This is Captain Kirk to all ship's personnel. Clearance plans now  in effect. [Corridor] (Spock and Jones are wearing their visors again.)  Thank you, Mister Spock. Notify all hands to  return to stations. All right, let's take her out. Warp factor two.  I can't understand why they let you go with Kollos.  The male population of the Federation. Didn't someone try and  talk you out of it?  Well, I'm glad he didn't succeed. Otherwise, I wouldn't have met  you.  Tell me, Doctor Jones. Why isn't it dangerous for you to be with  Kollos? Spock I can understand. Nothing makes an impression on him.  You're very welcome, Mister Spock. But no human can look at  Kollos, even with a visor, without going mad. How do you manage?  To read minds?  I don't understand.  Oh.  Well, I doubt that Mister Spock would don the most revered of all  Vulcan symbols merely to annoy you, Doctor Jones.  Yes, very interesting. I might even say fascinating, but back to  your mission. Doctor, do you feel any way may be found to employ  Medusan navigators on starships? It would certainly solve many of our  navigational problems.  Yes, I think most of us are attracted by beauty and repelled by  ugliness. One of the last of our prejudices. At the risk of sounding  prejudiced, gentlemen, here's to beauty. (they stand for the toast) To  Miranda Jones, the loveliest human ever to grace a starship.  Some more Antarean brandy? (seeing her far-away look) What is it?    In this room?  Who is it? Can you tell?  Of course. Perhaps I'll see  Sleep well, Miranda.  Yes, she is something special.  Good night, Scotty. You dressed up for the occasion, Spock. Very  impressive.  Good evening. Sleep well.  (Spock leaves.)  Bones, what's troubling you with the girl?  I didn't think that for a moment. What else?  We're all vulnerable in one way or another.  Meaning she's quite a woman. I agree.  Good night, Bones.  [Dr. Jones' quarters] (The doorbell buzzes.)  Miranda! [Engineering] Miranda? [Kollos' quarters] (The green light is gone and the lid is closing.)  Has the Ambassador been hurt?  Who could have done such a thing?  Larry Marvick? Why?  Explain, Lieutenant Sulu.  Get engineering, Uhura.  Can't you disengage power from there, Mister Spock?  Put them on intercom.  Security to engineering.  No.  Scotty, where are we?  Bones.  All right. All right.  We'll take you to a place to hide.  Where are we?  You mean he just simply died.  Or what he felt. Damage report, Scotty?  Position report, Mister Spock.  Then we should be able to navigate back.  Explain.  Hazards?  I could confine her to quarters.  I think that could be arranged.  [Conservatory] (It's a room with lots of flowers in bloom.)  I may be sentimental, but this is my favourite place. Earth.  Certainly.  Try these.  (She sniffs at a rose, and pricks her finger.)  Let me see. It's just a thorn. I was hoping to make you forget  about this today.  You mustn't blame yourself because Marvick loved you.  But someday, you will want human love and companionship.  Are you willing to spend the rest of your life with the Medusans  in order to avoid human emotion?  A meeting of minds is all very well, but what about love,  Miranda? You're young, attractive and human. Sooner or later, no matter  how beautiful their minds are, you're going to yearn for someone who  looks like yourself, someone who isn't ugly.  Miranda, I meant no insult. Please. Here we are among the roses.  A very romantic setting. I wish there were moonlight, too. Moonlight  would suit you very well.  (He moves in for the usual kiss, but gets held off.)  Miranda, don't.  What?  Yes, of course. It's the only reasonable explanation. You can't  see and Kollos can't hurt you.  I think I understand. You said it. Pity is the worst of all.  No, that won't be necessary. Mister Spock will make the  mind-link. No other decision is possible.  If we can't persuade you, there is someone who can. You'll have  to take this up with Kollos. For your own sake.  (She goes into Kollos' quarters.)  Bones, why hadn't you told me?  Yes, there's a great deal to respect about that lady.  (There's a scream, then Miranda comes out of the room, calm and  composed.)  Am I addressing the Ambassador?  We don't hold you to blame for what happened, and thank you now  for your help.  Yes. Mister Sulu, release the helm to Mister Spock.  Then go ahead, Mister Spock.  Take over, Mister Sulu. Thank you, Ambassador. Mister Chekov,  plot a new course.  Ambassador, you must dissolve the link.  There must be no delay.  Spock! Don't look! Cover your eyes!  (Spock screams.)  Don't move!  No one is to move. Spock? Are you all right?  (Spock backs away from Kollos, anguish all over his face.)  KIRK; Spock? It's all right. You're safe with us now.  (Spock then attacks everyone within reach. Kirk manages to get the  phaser from a fallen security guard and stun his first officer.)  (pacing) Vulcan mind techniques. They seem so untrustworthy now  that Spock's life is at stake.  But does she want to? She's been in there so long.  She tried to help Marvick. Marvick is dead.  And Spock is her rival. Is that any better? Even Spock felt the  violence of her jealousy.  Whatever happens, Bones, don't interfere.  [Sickbay] Captain Kirk.  No change?  What are you doing about it?  Which doesn't seem to be much.  It's worth a try, isn't it? After all, he's not a machine.  Only half. The other half is human. Far more human than you,  apparently.  If you don't reach him soon, he'll die. But that's what you want,  isn't it?  Oh yes? You want him to die. What did you do to him on the  Bridge? Did you make him forget to put the visor over his eyes?  Yes, you know your rival, don't you? You couldn't keep him from  making a mind-link with Kollos, something you couldn't do yourself!  With my words, I'll make you hear such ugliness as Spock saw when he  looked at Kollos with his naked eyes! The ugliness is within you!  Your desire to see Kollos is madness! You can never see him.  Never. But Spock saw Kollos, and for that he must die.  The smell of hatred, the stench of jealousy permeates you. Why  don't you strangle him while he lies there?  Kollos knows what's in your heart. You can lie to yourself, but  you can't lie to Kollos.  Maybe too much.  You may be right, Bones. Maybe I shouldn't have gone in. She was  blind, really blind. Really in the dark.  And if he dies. If he dies, how do I know that I didn't kill him? How  do I know that she can stand to hear the truth?  [Sickbay] Spock.  Miranda.  (Kirk steps out into the corridor, but it is empty.)  [Transporter room] (Kollos is on the transporter pad in his box.  Miranda is wearing her sensor net again. Spock is advertising the IDIC  again.)  I didn't think you'd even talk to me.  Miranda, good luck, Health. I have something for you.  (A red rose.)  I never met a rose that didn't.  Peace.  (Spock puts on the visor to beam Kollos and Miranda away. Kirk just  watches, then leaves.) <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Record tape. Maybe it'll tell us something about the personnel  that lived here.  Kirk here. What is it, Enterprise?  How bad?  Get that ship out of here. Stay at minimum distance for absolute  safety. [Bridge] Get that ship out of here, Mister Scott.  Mister Spock, what about that tape?  Where's does that sound coming from? Spock, can you pinpoint it?  Bones! Spock!  (He tries to leave, but falls back into the floor. Then he vanishes too  leaving just a body print in the dust.)  [Huge room] (The three awaken lying on the floor of a big, bare  room. Blue floor, red walls.)  Spock. Bones. Where are we?  How did we get here?  No.  One of the missing scientists?  Identification?  Let's find out. Phasers on stun.  (They start walking.)  What is it?  Be careful.  We're not going to hurt you. Is this your home? Do you live here?  What about it, Spock? Analysis.  Are you responsible for bringing us here? Don't be afraid. Bones,  what's wrong with her?  Explain.  A race of mutes, like the civilisation on Gamma Vertis Four.  Without speech, how's she going to be able to understand us?  Unless she's a telepath.  Do you have any ideas?  I want to know why we're here. I want to know what's going on.  And she knows.  (Two big-headed aliens in silver robes appear. First cousins to the  Talos people, by the looks of them.)  I'm Captain  Who are you? Why did you bring us here?  What do you intend to do with us?  We come (moves forward and gets pushed back by a weapon) Since  you already know who we are, you must also know that we come in peace.  Our prime directive specifically prohibits us from any interference.)  (The Vians fire their weapons several times, and the landing party is  caught in some sort of enery field. The Vians go to Gem)  I can't seem to stand up.  Mister Spock there must be an exit other than the one we just  saw.  Don't worry about me. They may have hurt her.  (Kirk takes her hands, she takes a deep breath and turns away.)  Did they hurt you?  (Then Gem turns back and touches the cut on Kirk's head. It disappears  from him and appears on her forehead instead, then vanishes.)  The pain is gone. She touched my head, and the pain is gone.  Thank you.  Details.  Well they're there now. Let's go check them out. (to Gem) Staying  here alone could be dangerous. Come with us.  (The group comes to a collection of computer-like items, girder  structures holding up nothing, glass tubes. Herein called 'the  laboratory')  Bones Spock, come here.  (He has found the scientists, preserved in perspex tubes, in the same  positions that they vanished from the research lab.)  I found our missing men. Dead. Another one of your experiments?  Yes. Your time is running out. This sun is about to nova. When it  does, it'll destroy you, this planet, and this insane torture chamber.  (Spock neck-pinches the alien.)  Let's get out of here.  Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to Enterprise, come in. Out of range.  Readings, Mister Spock?  Let's get there as fast as we can. If the Enterprise has a search  party, it'll be there.  (The group run on. Gem isn't very good at running, and McCoy falls over  a stone once.)  Spock! Much further?  Scotty!  Stay there! Come on!  Keep going.  What are you doing here? Where's Scotty?  What about the others?  Very well.  Denied.  You have your orders.  (McCoy, Spock and Gem vanish.)  What happened to my men?  One specimen, you said. One specimen! What happened to my men?  Where are they? Tell me! You said you'd let them go! [Bridge] What is it you want to know?  You don't need any knowledge from us, yet you're willing to kill  for it. Is that what happened to Linke and Ozaba?  Well, what did you expect from them? And what do you want from  me?  Why? What is it you hope to prove? If my death is to have any  meaning, at least tell me what I'm dying for.  Will she live?  Can you explain what happened?  She weakened. I could feel it. Is her life in danger?  Could the strain really have killed her?  I'm tired.  I remember the laboratory, and they wanted to know something. But  I, I can't remember.  What's the matter with me?  You'll have to ask the Vians. Will I live?  No, he's right. Continue.  Can you tap into it?  And get us out of here the same way we were brought in.  Then I would say proceed.  It is.  We will not co-operate.  How's it coming, Spock?  Take it easy, Bones.  And space travel is?  The decision's mine. If there are any decisions to be made, I'll  make them. If and when it becomes necessary.  (Kirk appears to be in discomfort. McCoy prepares a hypo, and injects  him.)  I don't need any  Why did you let him do it?  Anything?  What exactly is it?  Can you adapt it, re-attune it to fit our brain pattern?  Do whatever you have to to make it work, Spock. What disturbs me  is why the Vians let us keep it.  And that we would use it to escape.  And they keep McCoy.  (to Gem) Somehow, you're the crux, the focal point of all this.  Even before we got here, she was a prisoner. They didn't hurt her, they  didn't even threaten her.  Yes, there is a purpose, but what is it? Has all the pain and  terror happened, or been made to happen for you?  Will it take us to McCoy?  The best defence is a strong offense, and I intend to start  offending right now. Aim for the lab. [Laboratory] (Spock, Kirk and Gem arrive at to find McCoy alone,  still suspended from the chains. Gem is horrified.)  Bones. Spock. Get him down. His wrists. (they lie him on a couch)  His pulse is almost gone. How is he?  Don't talk. Don't speak. Take it easy until we get you back to  the ship. What is it? What's the matter?  You don't know. You're not a doctor.  How long?  Can't we do something?  Gem might be able to help him, the way she helped me, but could  his nearness to death also kill her?  If she could just strengthen him and keep him from sinking  further into death, we might be able to save him.  (A forcefield stops them from getting to where Gem is crouching in  fear)  She can save his life. Let us help her to go to him.  What purpose can all this serve, except the fulfilment of some  need of yours?  Patient? Our friend is dying.  This arena of death that you have devised for your pleasure. Will  it prevent this catastrophe?  How will the death of our friend serve this purpose?  We were? What could she learn from us?  Then you cannot let him die.  Yes, Bones.  What is it?  Yes, I know.  I'll try.  (Spock leaves the forcefield, but Kirk remains trapped.)  Yes.  You must save the life of our friend.  If death is all you understand, here are four lives for you.  (Kirk returns the two devices.)  We will not leave our friend. You've lost the capacity to feel  the emotions you brought Gem here to experience. You don't understand  what it is to live. Love and compassion are dead in you. You're nothing  but intellect.  (Lal goes over to McCoy and heals him, then picks up the unconscious  Gem.)  Strange.  I'm not puzzled, Mister Spock. I am awed.  No, no. I wasn't thinking of Gem. I was thinking of that  fantastic element of chance that out in limitless space we should come  together with Gem.  What, Scott?  Yes, she was all that. And whether the Vians bought her or found  her makes little difference. She was of great value.  Mister Spock, can you be prevailed upon to bring them the news?  Mister Sulu, ahead warp factor two. 
Bones, Spock. since you are playing this tape, we  will assume that I am dead, that the tactical situation is critical,  and both of you are locked in mortal combat. It means, Spock, that you  have control of the ship and are probably making the most difficult  decisions of your career. I can offer only one small piece of advice,  for whatever it's worth. Use every scrap of knowledge and logic you  have to save the ship. But temper your judgment with intuitive insight.  I believe you have those qualities, but if you can't find them in  yourself, seek out McCoy. Ask his advice. And if you find it sound,  take it. Bones, you've heard what I've just told Spock. Help him if you  can. But remember he is the Captain. His decisions must be followed  without question. You might find that he is capable of human insight  and human error. They are most difficult to defend, but you will find  that he is deserving of the same loyalty and confidence each of you  have given me. Take care. 
Missile spread, Mister Spock.  Anything on communications, Lieutenant Uhura?  Course of the missile, Mister Spock?  Prepare phaser banks one and two, Mister Sulu.  Mister Chekov, get a fix on the missile's point of origin.  Fire phasers. (the missiles are obliterated) Mister Chekov, alter  course to the missile's point of origin.  Warp factor three, Mister Sulu.  What's the emergency?  That was quite a scene.  Excellent. What's the emergency?  Serious?  What is it?  Who?  Who is it?  You.  Mister Spock.  Confirm Chekov's co-ordinates for the missile's point of origin.  That object on the screen?  Could the enemy vessel be hiding behind the asteroid?  Then the asteroid is the missile's point of origin.  Full sensor probe, Mister Spock.  How could that be? Unless it's powered. A spaceship?  Source of power?  Mister Chekov, plot the course of the asteroid vessel.  Yes?  Daran Five? Inhabited?  Mister Sulu, match Enterprise speed with that of the asteroid  vessel. Mister Spock and I are transporting aboard. Mister Scott, you  have the conn.  Doctor McCoy, Mister Spock and I will handle this.  Well, I think it would be wiser if  All right, Doctor. If that's what you want.  [Open ground] (Dead flat soil, rocky outcrops, orange sky.)  Wouldn't know this was a spaceship. Kirk to Enterprise.  Transported without incident. Kirk out.  (They go exploring and see large tubular structures sticking out of the  ground.)  No apparent opening.  Of a sort. Weapons, communication devices. Let me go to my  friend.  (She allows Kirk to go to McCoy.)  You all right?  I can't say I think much of your welcome.  They've been in flight ten thousand years. Maybe they don't  realise it.  I am Captain Kirk of the starship Enterprise. This is my medical  officer, Doctor McCoy. My first officer, Mister Spock.  We've come in friendship.  (There's a sound of lightning.)  Spock. (he wakes) Doctor McCoy. Bones. Bones?  (But McCoy doesn't wake.)  No, that's not it.  You're right, Spock. The shock was serious because of McCoy's  weakened condition.  I don't think he would've told you himself, but I think you  should know now. It's xenopolycythemia.  Then you know that nothing can be done.  (McCoy finally wakes up.)  Bones, how is it?  Spock knows.  Are you in any condition to get up?  No. The people of Yonada may be changed by the knowledge, but  it's better than exterminating them.  And the three billion on Daran Five.  No, we're from outside your world.  Up there. Outside, up there, everywhere.  Why is it forbidden?  What is it, Bones?  For the world is hollow, and I have touched the sky.  Yes, of course it is, because if you did you'd touch the sky and  find out that you were living on a big ball. Not a planet, but a  spaceship. And that knowledge seems to be forbidden.  (Natira arrives with two women bearing food and drink.)  We don't know. He just suddenly screamed in pain and died.  You seem to be the special favourite.  Personally, I find the lady's taste questionable, but she  obviously prefers you, and you obviously don't seem to mind. If you  could arrange to be alone with the young lady, Spock and I would be  left alone to find the power controls of this world.  Thank you, Mister Spock. To our good friends of Yonada.  Good. Then you wouldn't mind if we looked around?  Thank you. And thank you for taking care of Doctor McCoy.  Mister Spock.  (Kirk and Spock leave. One woman offers a plate of food.)  I wonder how many generations have lived out their lives and been  buried here without ever knowing that their world is hollow. [Room] The problem, to get in.  Fabrini? Didn't the Fabrini sun go nova and destroy its planets?  Some of them must have been put aboard this ship and sent to  another planet. And these are their descendants. (Once the coast is  clear.) Now.  (Spock waves his hand in front of some symbols and the door opens.) [Oracle room] The Oracle doesn't seem to know we're here. I  wonder what alerted it the first time.  I think you're right. Continue investigating. The clue to the  location of the control room must be around here somewhere.  (Spock reads the wall panels.)  This plaque is a representation of a star and its solar system.  Then there's no doubt these people are the descendants of the  Fabrini.  You're returning with us?  Bones, this isn't a planet. It's a space ship on a collision  course with Daran Five.  Doctor McCoy, I order you to return with us.  Bones, if we can't correct the course of this ship, we'll have to  blast it out of space.  As her husband?  Kirk to Enterprise.  We're beaming over. Lock in on our signal.  And transport Mister Spock and myself immediately.  He's staying, Scotty. Kirk out.  [Oracle room] (McCoy is kneeling on the platform.)  That is the problem, sir.  Yes. Those are the orders.  Kirk here.  Put him on.  Yes, Bones.  You've located the controls? [Natira's room] Where is it?  (McCoy collapses, crying out in pain.)  Bones, are you all right? [Natira's room] Help him.  Spock, take care of McCoy.  (Kirk drags Natira away so Spock can remove the Instrument of  Obedience.)  We have freed him from the cruelty of your Oracle.  Bones. Bones. You said something about a book. Where is it?  Now listen to me. You must listen to what I have to say. Give me  one moment to speak to you. One moment. Natira, if you don't believe  what I'm about to tell you, you can call the guards. We'll accept any  punishment you decree.  You must believe that what I'm about to tell you is the truth.  Yes, my world and your world of Yonada.  I understand. I understand, Natira. Ten thousand years ago, a sun  was dying and with it, its world. It's the world you see on the plaque  in the room of the Oracle.  No. It is the world of your ancestors, your creators. It no  longer exists.  No, I'm not. Now listen to me! Hear me out. When your ancestors  discovered that their world was dying they built a great ship and chose  their best people. They wished for their race to survive. They sent the  ship out into space.  Yes.  No. You are living inside a hollow ball. Your ancestors created  it to take you on a journey to a promised new planet.  Because a flaw developed in the controls. And unless we correct  it, Yonada will kill millions of people and destroy a world it doesn't  even know.  Let us remove the instrument of obedience, the way we did for  McCoy. Natira.  (She runs from the room.)  Do you think she understood me?  (Spock opens the door, looks out, nods to passers-by.)  Is she all right?  We do this for the survival of the people of Yonada.  We mean no desecration to the faith of Yonada. We must consult  the book to help you.  McCoy, how do you open this thing?  Here. The plan must be in there. Is it indexed?  Hurry, Spock.  Let's get her out of the heat. [Control room] Active and functional. Not too different from  the Enterprise.  Enough to turn it off course?  Good. Going back to marked headings.  Steadying on course marked in red.  Doctor McCoy, the Fabrini descendants are scheduled to debark on  their promised planet in approximately three hundred and ninety days.  I think that we could manage to be in that vicinity at that time, if  you wanted to thank the Fabrini personally. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Report, Mister Chekov.  Life readings, Doctor McCoy?  An entire human colony, a whole settlement. One hundred men,  women and children. Who did it? And why? (communicator beep) Kirk here.    Total reply if attacked. So that's the  answer. Klingons. [Bridge] Maintain Red Alert.  (The Klingons arrive, and their leader hits Kirk with his disruptor,  knocking him down.)  We took no action against your ship, Kang.  There was a Federation colony on this planet. It was destroyed.  Yes, a test of a new Klingon weapon, leaving no traces.  Federation ships don't specialise in sneak attacks.  You received a distress call? We received a distress call.  Go to the devil.  Chekov! Stop the torture!  Help Chekov.  I'll beam you aboard the Enterprise. Once there, no tricks.  (Kang gives him a communicator.)  Kirk to Enterprise. Mister Spock.  Mister Spock, we have guests. Adjust transporter to wide field.  Beam up everyone in the target area. (and presses a button) [Bridge] (An amber light flashes by the Captain's chair.)  Full security, Johnson, on the double.  (The security guard runs off, Spock enters.)  Good work, Spock.  Klingons.  Johnson?  Bring them in.  (The Klingons materialise, and are quickly disarmed.)  I said no tricks after we reach the ship. You're a prisoner of  the Federation of Planets against which you may or may not have  committed an act of war.  Prepare to destruct.  You wouldn't be standing here if I had.  Apparently you have a few things to learn about us. Detain them  in the crew lounge.  Programme the food synthesiser to accommodate our guests. You'll be  well-treated, Kang.  Secure from Red Alert.  [Corridor] (The weird light hides as Kirk and Spock leave the  transporter room)  But maintain general quarters. Scan this sector for other ships.  Run a full check on the colony. I want this thing nailed down fast.  No proof that Klingons committed it.  Unfortunately, there's no guarantee that they will be believed. [Bridge] Report.  Keep trying. We've got a diplomatic tiger by the tail.  Very good, Scotty. Mister Sulu?  Fire phasers.  (The Klingon ship is vapourised.)  Lieutenant Uhura?  Mister Sulu, change course to seventeen mark four, warp factor  three.  Sulu?  Override.  Scotty, stop all engines.  Scotty!  New course?  That'll take us out of the galaxy.  Johnson. Get down to Security. Search every section. Some  Klingons may have beamed aboard undetected from the wrecked ship. Then  get down to Engineering and help Scotty hammer things back to normal.  And free those trapped crewmen. (to Kang) And before I put you in the  brig, there's a little something I owe you.  (He punches Kang. A solitaire set on a table changes into a short sword  which Kang picks up. A potted plant and 3D chess set become swords.)  Phasers.  (But they turn into swords too. There's a stunned pause then a brief  fight as the Starfleet group get out of the room.)  Out! [Corridor] Sickbay.  (The security men carry their comrade out.)  Bridge. [Bridge] The Klingons are free. They're armed as we  are. They'll try to take the ship. Scotty, how many men do we have?  Deploy forces to protect your section and the auxiliary control  centre. [Engineering] Blow out the bulkheads if you have to. We  need numbers. What kind of luck have you had controlling the ship's  speed? [Engineering] Full sensor scan of the ship. Report on any  movement by the Klingons. The Klingon Empire has maintained a duelling  tradition. They think they can beat us with swords.  Any other logical candidate?  Mister Sulu. Get below. Take command of Engineering and auxiliary  control.  Mister Chekov.  Mister Chekov, as you were. Chekov!  This is no time for a vendetta. Maintain your post.  Chekov, maintain your post!  His only brother, killed in a Klingon raid.  Sulu, get down to Engineering.  Security, this is the captain. Find Mister Chekov and bring him  to the bridge.  I don't know, but he does. And now he wants revenge for a  non-existent loss. [Sickbay] (McCoy finishes bandaging Johnson.)  Get back to Engineering. Try to re-establish  engine control, and talk to ordnance about manufacturing phaser  replacements. [Armoury] What the blazes is going on?  Constant surveillance, Mister Spock.  Could more Klingons have beamed aboard?  An alien life force. We must make contact, find out what it  wants.  A brother that never existed, a phantom colony, imaginary  distress calls, the creation of these weapons. Do you sense a pattern,  Mister Spock?  And now it has control of the Enterprise and taking us out of the  galaxy. But why?  We must talk to Kang, bury the hatchet.  McCoy?  The alien is the real threat. That's the enemy we have to wipe  out.  Kang, there's something important I must  discuss with you.  (dictating into PADD) The Enterprise is heading out of our  galaxy, controlled by a mysterious alien somewhere aboard the ship.  Engineering has been taken over by Klingons who have cut off  life-support systems. Mister Sulu.  Get down to emergency manual control. Try to protect our  life-support circuits and auxiliary power.  Scotty, I'm glad you've come.  Scotty?  Scotty, take it easy.  Gentlemen! (intervenes as they nearly come to blows.) Spock!  Scotty. Spock. Spock! Stop it! You're half human! What are we saying?  What are we doing to each other?  We've been under stress before. It's never set us at each other's  throats.  There isn't any war! Or is there?  Scotty. What's happening to us? We've been trained to think in  other terms than war. We've been trained to fight its causes, if  necessary. Then why are we behaving like a group of savages? Look at  me. Look at me. Two forces aboard this ship, each of them equally  armed. Has a war been staged for us, complete with weapons and ideology  and patriotic drum beating? Even, Spock, even race hatred?  But what's the game? And whose? And what are the rules?  Yes. Mister Sulu, report.  We're getting something. [Jefferies tube] Start scanning. Let's find that alien. [Engineering] Let's go.  (Kirk and Spock, armed with swords, leave the bridge.)  [Corridor] (The weird light hides as Chekov comes along. He  hides, then kills the Klingon and takes Mara prisoner.)  Chekov!  (He hauls him off Mara and slaps him twice, knocking him out.)  What have I done? (to Mara) There's an alien entity aboard the  ship. It's forcing us to fight. We don't want to. We don't know what  its motive is. We're trying to find out. You must help us. Take me to  Kang. A temporary truce, that's all I ask. Spock, take her.  (Spock and Mara leave)  Chekov. Chekov. (picks him up) Is this what's in store for us,  from here on in? Violence, hatred. [Sickbay] (It's very busy. Kirk carries in Chekov, followed  by Spock and Mara.)  He lost control. So did I. We're becoming animal warriors. Let's  go, Spock.  Why? So we can fight, and fight, and keep coming back for more  like some bloody coliseum? What's next, the roar of crowds?  Let's find the alien. (to Mara) You come with us. Maybe we can  prove to you that it exists. [Corridor] (The weird light is up ahead of them and glowing  red.)  What is it?  What do you want? What are you doing here?  Duty? Did McCoy release you from Sickbay?  Then get back to Sickbay!  I order you  Johnson!  (They cross swords, but Spock neck-pinches Johnson.)  (The light becomes yellow.)  It subsists on the emotions of others.  It exists on the hate of others.  And kept numbers and resources balanced, so that it can maintain  a constant state of violence. It's got to have a vulnerable area. We've  got to get rid of it.  Or we're a doomed ship, travelling forever between galaxies,  filled with eternal bloodlust, eternal warfare. Kang has got to listen.  We've got to pool our knowledge and get rid of this thing. (goes to  intercom) Kang. Kang, this is Captain Kirk. [Engineering] Kang. (switches off intercom) He won't answer.  Time factor?  Well, do whatever you can. Kirk out.  (The weird light floats off through a bulkhead)  And so we drift in space, with only hatred and bloodshed aboard.  Now do you believe?  Captain's log, stardate Armageddon. We must find a  way to defeat the alien force of hate that has taken over the  Enterprise. Stop the war now, or spend eternity in futile bloody  violence.  [Bridge] If I could talk to Kang, somehow cut through the Klingon lines,  make peace before it's too late.  Kang! Kang, this is Captain Kirk. [Engineering] She has five seconds to live. Reply. [Engineering] He called my bluff.  The Federation doesn't kill or mistreat its prisoners. You've  been listening to propaganda, fables. How much time?  We only wanted to stop the fighting to save us all.  There's another way to survive. Mutual trust and help.  How?  We can't get through the Klingon defences in time, unless. Spock.  Intra-ship beaming from one section to another. It's possible?  We're all in a trap. This is the only way out.  No. That'd start the final battle. I believe her. Prepare the  transporter. We'll wait for your signal.  (Kirk and Mara leave.)  I hope your computations are correct, Mister  Spock.  Mara. Before you start killing, give me one minute.  (Kang swings his sword at Kirk's head, and Mara intervenes.)  Nobody wins. Have any more of your men died? We can't be killed.  There's an alien aboard. It wants us alive.  Look! Look, Kang. For the rest of our lives. A thousand  lifetimes. Senseless violence, fighting, while an alien has total  control over us.  (Kirk throws away his sword.)  All right. All right. In the heart. In the head. I won't stay  dead. Next time I'll do the same to you. I'll kill you. And it goes on,  the good old game of war, pawn against pawn! Stopping the bad guys.  While somewhere, something sits back and laughs and starts it all over  again.  Be a pawn, be a toy, be a good soldier that never questions  orders.  (Kang looks at the weird light, then throws down his sword.)  Lieutenant Uhura.  Put me on ship-wide intercom.  Kang.  This is Captain Kirk. A truce is ordered. The fighting is over.  Lay down your weapons.  Get off my ship. You're a dead duck here. You're powerless. We  know about you, and we don't want to play. Maybe there are others like  you around. Maybe you've caused a lot of suffering, a lot of history,  but that's all over. We'll be on guard now, ready for you. So ship out!  Come on! Haul it! 
That's right.  (The huge shadow is an optical illusion. The person who walks in is a  dwarf with a normal voice.)  Who are the inhabitants of this planet?  Bones, I can't understand why a simple cut like that could become  so serious.  This psychokinetic power of yours, how long have you had it?  That's why you have no resistance?  Kirk to Enterprise. [Bridge] Engines at full speed. Get her out of orbit and into space. [Bridge] Then there's nothing you can do but batten  down and weather. [Bridge] Parmen's mind is not (something flies past  them very fast) Watch it! He's not only throwing around furniture, he's  tearing up the Enterprise as well. Bones, knock him out fast.  (McCoy tries to give the injection, but gets flung away by Parmen's  mind. Alexander gets jerked around too.)  Alexander. Stand behind me.  (Kirk takes psychic punches.)  Hurry up with that shot!  Bones! Shake him. Break his concentration.  (Parmen passes out, and relaxes. Alexander can breath again.)  Kirk to Enterprise.  Good. I think you'll find the orbit lock is  broken as well. Assess damage and repair whatever is necessary.  No thanks is necessary.  Oh, thank you, we must return to the ship.  Well, in that case, we'll stay. [Guest room] Thank you, Alexander.  Tell me what?  Where is everyone?  Alexander, are there other Platonians like you?  Who don't have the psychokinetic ability.  Don't worry about it. We're happy without it.  Alexander, where I come from, size, shape, or colour makes no  difference, and nobody has the power.  That might not be easy should Parmen die.  Yes. This utopia of theirs is one of the best-kept secret in the  galaxy. Screening themselves from our sensors, locking us into orbit.  All this adds up to a pattern.  (McCoy enters, happy.)  If ever there was a time to get out of here, it is now. Kirk to  Enterprise. Scotty, come in. [Bridge] The turbulence hit you that hard? [Bridge] Did you get up into space?  All right, Scotty. I'll handle it down here.  Stand by. [Parmen's chamber] (Alexander is entertaining his master by singing  whist playing a lyre.)  Your Excellency.  I would like to know why the ship's instrumentation and weaponry  is frozen, and why the Enterprise is locked in orbit.  Parmen, I've talked to the engineer aboard the ship. We've showed  our good faith. Now you show yours. I want this ship released  immediately.  Guests? You don't know the meaning of the word. Guests aren't  treated like common prisoners.  Kirk to Enterprise. Acknowledge. Acknowledge.  Enterprise, come in. Enterprise. I can't raise them.  No, Mister Spock. One thing for certain. Parmen is not concerned  with my dignity or safety.  Where are you going?  Has the Enterprise been released yet?  Certainly. Has the Enterprise been released yet?  Then good day, and thank you for the presents.  Doctor McCoy saved your life.  And you consider yourself a disciple of Plato?  And if his mind isn't strong enough, he gets torn apart like  Alexander.  We don't use our weapons for the kind of brutality you practice.  Come on, Doctor. McCoy.  No. You're the doctor. They don't want to force you. They need  your goodwill. They're trying  We're not leaving until McCoy is released.  I'm Tweedledee, he's Tweedledum.  You're not staying, McCoy. No matter what he tries to  (Prostrate on the floor.)  Being your slave, what should I do but tend upon the hours and  times of your desire? I have no precious time at all to spend, nor  services to do, till you  McCoy. No matter what he makes me say or do, the answer's no.  Is this your utopia, your grand vision of the future? You don't  even (screams)  Spock. Spock. Don't let them break you. Hold on. Don't  Can you do anything for him?  My muscles are sore, that's all.  Which just goes to prove that there's no such thing as a perfect  solution.  Yes, Spock.  Great anger.  You can't.  Promised? Parmen? He'd let us beam up to the Enterprise, and  plunge the ship back into the atmosphere.  Because, if he killed us outright in front of you, you'd  retaliate. You're a doctor. You have the means. Bones, I know you're  trying to do the right thing, but if any one of us escaped, Parmen  knows Starfleet would never let this planet go unpunished. Sacrifice  yourself by agreeing to stay, and you sign our death warrant.  Put it down.  Put it down. Do what I say.  Give it to me!  In that case, what's the point in you dying too, Alexander? Give  it to me.  That's all right. It's all right, Alexander. Listen, we haven't  given up, and there may be something you can do to help.  All right. Did the Platonians always have this power?  Bones, I think it'd be a good idea if you took a reading of  Alexander's blood.  You still have a tricorder reading of Parmen's blood, don't you?  And if our theory works out, we've got a weapon.  Kironide. It's a high-energy source. That could be it.  Exactly. McCoy, there must be a quick way of building up a  concentration of kironide in our blood.  What are we waiting for?  (McCoy takes a couple of ampoules from his bag, then hesitates.)  What is it, Bones?  Yes. There are thirty eight of them.  Let's not any waste time. Give us double the concentration in  Parmen's bloodstream.  (McCoy injects Kirk and Spock.)  Yes. What about Alexander?  Why not? You could conceivably take Parmen's place and run the  whole planet.  Alexander.  (Two figures beam in.)  Nurse. Lieutenant Uhura.  (The women try to speak, but no sound comes. Then they turn and leave  the room.)  I guess we weren't sufficiently entertaining. [Entertainment Chamber] (Uhura and Chapel are dressed in long robes. Kirk  and Spock enter in short tunics wearing laurel wreaths.)  Spock, do you feel any effect of the kironide shot?  So did l. Let's try a simple test. Concentrate on raising this  plate of fruit. Nothing.  (Shutters draw back to reveal their audience, the Platonians and  McCoy.)  Not yet, Parmen. You have to convince the doctor first.  That's the way they want you to feel. It makes them think that  they're alive.  Try not to think of them. Try.  You're half dead, all of you! You've been dead for centuries. We  may disappear tomorrow, but at least we're living now, and you can't  stand that, can you? You're half crazy because there's nothing inside.  Nothing. And you have to torture us to convince yourselves you're  superior.  (Kirk cracks the whip in front of Uhura's face. Alexander creeps  away.)  (throwing down the whip.) I did.  Platonians, listen to me. The next one of you that tries any  trick will get hurt. Not only do we have your psychokinetic abilities,  but at twice your power level.  Do you want to be like him?  (Alexander puts down the knife by his own choice. Parmen is dragged out  of his seat.)  To us, killing is murder, even for revenge. But there will be  other starships.  I don't believe you.  Just remember, we can recreate that power in a matter of hours,  so don't try anything.  You're very good at making speeches, Parmen. Just make sure that  this one sinks in. Now move aside. Alexander. Kirk to Enterprise.  Mister Scott, prepare to beam us up. I have a little surprise for you.  I'm bringing a visitor aboard. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Kirk to Enterprise. [Scalos] (A blue background of extraordinary architecture,  and a humanoid statue.)  Exactly?  Check co-ordinates. Is it the same area? 
A ghost planet?  Let's take the facts one by one. That should explain something.  Its size is approximately that of Earth's moon.  That would be difficult to explain.  And yet it has.  But a fascinating one, Mister Spock.  It would bear closer investigation, it would seem, if we're to  provide Starfleet with an accurate report. Lieutenant, send Doctor  McCoy to the transporter room for survey party. We'll also need Senior  Geologist D'Amato.  Feed beam down co-ordinates to the transporter room. Mister Sulu,  you'll accompany me. Mister Spock, you have the conn.  (Kirk and Sulu leave.)  This expedition should be a geologist's  dream, Mister D'Amato.  Yes. If Mister Spock is correct, you'll have a report to startle  the Fifth Interstellar Geophysical Conference.  A planet that even Spock can't explain. Prepare to transport.  Energise.  (But just as they start to disintegrate, a woman appears in the  transporter room)  That woman attacked Ensign Wyatt.  I don't know. Any more like that and they'll tear this planet  apart.  Could seismic stress have accounted for it?  That's very strange. And that woman. Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to  Enterprise, come in. The shock may have damaged it.  For one thing it means we're stranded.  Shall we stop guessing, Mister Sulu, and try and establish a  pattern? I get no readings of high energy concentration. If the  Enterprise had blown up, it would have left a high residual radiation.  Mister Sulu, if I'd wanted a Russian history lesson, I'd have  brought along Mister Chekov. This is a matter of survival, gentlemen.  Without the Enterprise, we need food, and we need water, and we need  them fast. I want a detailed analysis made of this planet, and I want  it now.  Mister Sulu.  (Kirk hands back the tricorder.) [Bridge] Your report covers all vegetation?  Yes. I don't see any water, but there must be some to grow the  vegetation. A source of water would stretch our survival. Did you see  any evidence of rainfall?  But there is earth-type vegetation.  Yes, that's possible. There's also the possibility of underground  water.  This apparently is going to be our home for as long as we last. I  suggest we find out as much as we can about it. Split up. D'Amato, see  if you can find underground water.  Sulu, run an atmospheric analysis.  Bones, see if you can find out anything about the vegetation and  your parasite. How do they get their moisture? If you can discover how  they survive, maybe we can.  (Sulu and D'Amato have headed off to do their analyses. Sulu contacts  Kirk on his communicator)  Kirk here.  Kirk out.  (Elsewhere, D'Amato is wandering amongst the purple tipped vegetation  and picking up  handfuls of sand. He turns around and there is the woman.)  Kirk here.  What do you mean just there?  As though a door opened and closed.  What direction?  Hang on. D'Amato's section. Come in. Kirk to D'Amato. Come in.  Come in. Bones, Sulu, D'Amato doesn't answer.  Bones!  (McCoy runs in and examines the body.)  Digging a grave.  There are no good ways, Sulu.  (Kirk phasers the ground, but it only cuts a shallow trench in the  soil.)  My phaser didn't cut through it.  Eight thousand degrees centigrade. It looks like igneous rock,  but infinitely denser.  (Adjusts his phaser and tries again.)  Mister Sulu, it might explain this place a little better if we  knew what the substance is. I know it was D'Amato's field, but see what  you can find out.  Yeah. It might be the most suitable memorial at that.  I don't know, but something or someone did.  [Bridge] We've got to figure this out and devise a defence against it. Is  it possible that the rocks have life?  Unless we're dealing with beings, intelligent beings who can  shield themselves.  That's the problem, Sulu. We have only questions. No answers.  [Engineering] (Scott is trying to track down the source of his  feeling, and a man in a red boiler suit keeps looking over his  shoulder.)  Except for a momentary fluctuation on your instruments, this  planet has no magnetic field. The apparent age of these rocks is only a  few thousand years. No known process could evolve the plant life they  have here in that short space of time.  The planet might be hollow. They might be shielding themselves  from our sensor probes. It's dark. Let's get some rest. Tomorrow we  have to find some food and some water or it's going to be a very  unpleasant stay.  All right. Take D'Amato's tricorder. Set it for automatic  distress. You never can tell.  Hold it! Who are you?  How can you destroy others and not me?  Who are you? Why are you trying to kill us?  Are there men on this planet?  No!  (Losira goes two-dimensional, then vanishes.)  Bones, did you see that? Maybe Spock was wrong. Perhaps this is a  ghost planet.  Yes, I know.  [Bridge] That's a good question. She touched the transporter chief. He  collapsed immediately. She apparently got to D'Amato.  We saw what happened to him. The question is, why are you alive?  The power to totally disrupt biological cell structure. Sulu's  alive because I intervened. But that raises an even worse question.  She's not through yet.  [Engineering] (Scott is working on the emergency bypass)  Lieutenant Sulu, do you feel strong enough to  move about?  Is he, Bones?  All right. Whatever destructive power this woman has seems to be  aimed at one specific person at one specific time.  If I'm correct, when she re-appears, the other two might protect the  one she's after by interposing their bodies. No weapons seem to affect  her.  Controls are fused. Drop!  (He throws his phaser away, and it goes off with a big bang.)  Apparently she can destroy our weapons as well as destroy us.  Come on, let's go.  [Bottom of crawlway] Yes. Like a door opening.  (And suddenly Losira is there again.)  Who have you come for this time?  Why do you want to kill us?  Then why do you want to kill me?  We're here on a peaceful mission. It's you who have killed our  people. We mean no harm to you. We want to leave, peacefully.  An android?  Who are you?  Commander of what?  Station? Station? Where? How do you feel about killing me?  Stay between us.  You want to kill me?  Then why do it if you don't want to?  By whom?  Are there others on this planet?  How long have you been alone? Are you lonely?  (She does her disappearing act.)  And there's this power surge, right off the scale. Like a door  closing. It must be near here.  (They walk on.)  Right off the scale. It's remained at a peak ever since she  disappeared. The entrance is here.  (A section of rock slides back and a door opens.)  It certainly looks like it. And the invitation doesn't exactly  relax me.  I agree.  I don't know. But whatever civilisation exists on this planet is  in there. And without the Enterprise, gentlemen,  the only source of food and water is in there. Let's go.  [Bridge] Who have you come for? Form a circle. You see? You'd better tell  us. Tell us. Who have you come for?  Who have you come for? You're a very determined woman. For me?  Gentlemen, I need your help.  We've seen the results of your touch.  That is how you kill. You'll never reach me.  (A second Losira appears)  That computer must be programming these replicas.  Shift positions.  Spock, the computer! Destroy it!  (The guard phasers the cube, and the three Losiras disappear.)  Mister Spock, I certainly am glad to see you. I thought you and  the Enterprise had been destroyed.  Returned from where?  Was, Mister Spock. Its defences were run by computer.  There were replicas of one of them. But that power to recreate  them has been destroyed.  Well, you wouldn't have thought so, Mister Spock, if you'd been  among us.  (An image appears on a wall)  The computer was too perfect. It projected so much of Losira's  personality into the replica that it felt regret, guilt, at killing.  That bought us the time we needed to destroy it. She must have been a  remarkable woman.  Kirk to Enterprise. Five to beam up. I don't agree with you,  Mister Spock.  Beauty survives. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Kirk, affirmative.  What caused it? 
Mister Chekov, our estimated time of arrival  for Ariannus?  Lieutenant Uhura, advise the planet's ministry of health that  we'll begin decontamination procedures immediately upon locking into  orbit.  Scotty, will that present any problems for you?  Is it within visual range?  Put it on the screen, extreme magnification.  (A wobbly shuttlecraft appears on the viewscreen.)  Lieutenant Uhura, try to contact them on command frequency two.  Try all frequencies.  Lieutenant Sulu, activate tractor beams.  Prepare to bring it aboard the hangar deck.  Lieutenant Uhura, send a security team to the pressure doors on  the hangar deck.  Mister Spock, come with me. Scotty.  (Scott takes the conn.)  [Hangar deck] (As we watch the shuttlecraft land, we think it  might say USS Enterprise across it's nose.)  Kirk here.  Acknowledged.  (As the shuttlecraft turns around, NCC 1701/7 is clearly emblazoned on  it. Careless special effects.)  [Outside hangar deck] (to security men) We'll enter as soon as the  doors open. Go on my command.  (The doors open, and a man falls to the floor. He is white on the right  side, and black on the left. This is important.)  [Sickbay] (McCoy gives the patient an injection.)  Do we have any knowledge of a planet that could have produced  such a race of beings?  Bones, what do you make of it?  And judging by looking at him, we know at the very least he is  the result of a very dramatic conflict. Spock?  Your prognosis, Doctor?  You're aboard the starship Enterprise.  Federation. So was the shuttlecraft that you were flying in.  Don't you usually know whose property you've stolen?  Well, certainly no ordinary thief, considering what it is you  appropriated.  Well, I do know you made off with a ship that didn't belong to  you.  You can try those technical evasions on Starfleet Command. That's  where you'll be facing your charges.  Don't mention it. We're pleased to have caught you. Who are you?  Go on.  That's in the southernmost part of the galaxy, in an uncharted  quarter. What are you doing so far from home? (no answer) You  understand that when we complete our mission, we'll take you to  Starbase where you'll face a very serious charge.  Had what? What were you going to do?  We've never encountered a being like you. I'd like to know more  about you and your planet.  And very evasive. Or at least not fully responsive. Now, then,  Lieutenant Uhura.  Notify Starbase Four that we've recovered its shuttlecraft, and  it will be returned along with its user as soon as we've completed our  mission at Ariannus.  Bones, if you're satisfied that the mutation theory is  applicable, I'll make a note of it in my report.  Kirk here.  I'll be right there. Notify Mister Spock.  [Bridge] Put the ship on the viewing screen, Mister  Sulu. Magnification. Still nothing, Mister Chekov.  Maximum magnification. I draw a blank, Mister Spock. Your  response?  What is it?  Could it be a Romulan ship using their cloaking device?  Weaponry on the vessel, Spock?  Something out there can't be seen. Explanation?  Invisible. Malfunction?  Evasive action.  Deflector shields activated, Mister Sulu.  Sound warning for collision. Red Alert.  Read out, Mister Spock.  What is it now?  Where?  Explain, Spock. One of a kind?  Of the planet Cheron, no doubt.  Your mode of travel was also unorthodox. Secure from Red Alert.  What happened to your vehicle?  What brings you to us?  All personnel aboard this vessel are subject to my command. No  one claims anyone without due process.  What is your authorisation? From what source?  He's in Sickbay. Remember, since you're aboard the Enterprise,  you're bound by its regulations.  Mister Spock.  [Sickbay] I told you where you were going. I allowed your fellow countryman  here simply as a courtesy.  It's now very clear you know each other extremely well,  gentlemen. The only service this ship can offer is to bring you  together. It is not a battlefield.  I'll tell you once more. For you, this ship is a prison.  Commissioner, Cheron is not a member of the Federation. No  treaties have ever been signed. Your demand for possession of this  prisoner cannot be honoured. There are no extradition procedures to  allow it. Is that clear, Commissioner Bele?  How do you mean?  I cannot take sides.  Impossible. I have a mission to accomplish. There's a planet to  be decontaminated. Millions of lives are at stake. Once that has been  completed, I'll return to Starbase Four and turn you both over to the  authorities. You can make your case to them.  Commissioner, as a visiting dignitary from a far planet, I offer  you every hospitality aboard this ship.  Choose any other course,  Yes, I am. I think we can consider your problem settled. At least  for the present. I have ordered guest quarters for you on deck six.  (Bele leaves with a security escort.)  And I suggest you get a great deal of rest, especially your vocal  chords. It seems you'll have a double opportunity to practise your  oratory on Starbase Four.  Kirk here.  Well, get back on course.  I'll be right there.  [Bridge] Have you located the malfunction?  Explanation, Mister Spock?  Kirk to engineering.  Scotty, we're suddenly off course. Check our manoeuvering  controls. [Engineering] Kirk here.  Stand by for check. Scotty, we're still off course.  Speed, Mister Chekov.  And new course?  Lieutenant Uhura, put the ship on Red Alert. All hands, this is  the captain. The ship is on Red Alert. [Engineering] Our new heading, Mister Chekov?  Spock?  You're two of a kind.  Security, put them both in the brig.  (The security guards are held back by forcefields.)  Phasers on stun. Fire. (no effect)  This ship is going to Ariannus.  We are going to Ariannus. The lives of a billion people make no  other choice possible.  Bele, I am captain of this ship, and it will follow whatever  course I set for it, or I will order its destruction.  I will destroy it.  Lieutenant Uhura, tie in the bridge to the master computer.  Computer, destruct sequence. Are you ready to copy?  Prepare to verify destruct sequence code one. Computer, this is  Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise.  Destruct sequence one, code one, one A.  COMPUTER Voice and code one, one A verified and correct. Sequence one  complete.  Mister Spock.  Mister Scott.  Mister Spock, has the ship returned to the course set for it by  my orders?  Computer, this is Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Begin  thirty second countdown. Code zero, zero, zero, destruct zero.  Let's see you prevent the computer from fulfilling my commands.  From five to zero, no command in the universe can prevent the  computer from fulfilling its destruct orders.  You can use your will to drag this ship to Cheron. But I command  the computer. Mine is the final command.  Computer. This is Captain James Kirk of the USS Enterprise. Code  one, two, three continuity. Abort destruct order. Repeat code one, two,  three continuity. Abort destruct order.  Mister Spock, is this ship headed for Ariannus?  We're waiting for you to fulfil your commitment, Commissioner.  I make no deals for control of this ship, sir.  Ship's course?  Speed, Scotty?  Good. Lieutenant Uhura, cancel Red Alert.  Let me reaffirm my position, gentlemen. I could put you in the  brig for what you have done, but I won't do it  because you are new to this part of the galaxy, which is governed by  the United Federation of Planets. We live in peace with full exercise  of individual rights. The need to resort to violence and force has long  since passed, and it will not be tolerated aboard this ship. You are  free to move about the ship. I hope that you'll take the opportunity to  know more about the Federation through its best representatives, my  crew. But let me make it clear. I will stand for no interference with  the function of this ship. All hands, return to normal routine. Captain  out.  (Bele leaves, with an escort.)  We try, sir.  That's enough for today. Those two are beginning to affect you. [Rec room] (Crew are sitting at tables, not playing chess,  while Lokai expounds his case. Spock and we are listening from  outside.)  I expect the answer is already on its way.  Let's do that.  No, Commissioner. The one thing we're agreed upon is that Lokai  took a shuttlecraft.  (Intercom whistle)  Excuse me.  Kirk here.  Yes, read it. [Bridge] That's enough. Thank you.  Now, wait a minute, Commissioner,  I can assure you, Commissioner, that our minds will not be  twisted, not by Lokai, nor by you.  You're black on one side and white on the other.  I fail to see the significant difference.  Let Lokai state his grievances. Hear him, listen to him. Maybe he  can change. Maybe he wants to change his image.  There must have been a time, long ago no doubt, when that was  true.  (Intercom whistle)  Excuse me. Kirk here.  Very good. Commence decontamination procedures when ready. Advise  when complete.  Good. Repeat procedure for maximum effect. [Bridge] Very good. We'll be right up. [Captain's mess] Set directional controls for Starbase Four.  Kirk out. Will you join us on the bridge?  Can you determine which ones?  At the moment, I seem to have no choice.  After so many years of leading the fight, you seem very much  alive.  Bele, you keep this up, and you'll never get to Cheron with your  prisoner. The rest of this ship will be irreparably damaged. This will  be your final battlefield. Your fifty thousand years of pursuit will  have been wasted.  (Bele and Lokai separate)  And you, Lokai, will die here in space. You'll inspire no more  disciples. Your cause will be ended.  You've made your point.  I understand. Will you return the Enterprise to my control?  Scotty, have repairs on directional control been completed?  Check controls and co-ordinates.  Is it within visual range?  Chekov, put it on the screen. Extreme magnification. What are you  picking up?  You mean, all the people are dead?  Yes, Commissioner, all of them.  Stop it! What's the matter with you two? Didn't you hear Spock?  Your planet is dead! There's nobody alive on Cheron because of hate.  The cause you fought about no longer exists. Give yourselves time to  breathe. Give up your hate. You're welcome to live with us. Listen to  me. You both must end up dead if you don't stop hating.  Bele. The chase is finished.  Bele.  No, Lieutenant. Where can they run?  (Through the ship, knocking over crewmen, whilst imagining the  buildings burning on their home planet.)  Spock, anyone in the transporter room?  There's nobody there to try him. His judges are all dead.  Of course.  No, but that's all they have left. Warp factor two, Mister Sulu.  Set course for Starbase Four. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Donald, good to see you.  We'd be delighted.  Why, Donald, are you becoming a pessimist?  When I was a cadet at the Academy, his exploits were required  reading. He was one of my heroes. I'd like to see him.  What is it you want to tell me?  You're afraid to talk in front of Governor Cory?  Cory?  Garth, do you have to make him suffer like that?  I'm sorry. I should've said Captain Garth.  I'm sorry, Lord Garth.  Release him.  Are you so afraid of him that you must keep him pinned?  Thank you. Now what have you done with the medicine?  Destroyed it? It was your only hope.  Of course.  The crew of the Enterprise will also mutiny.  Governor Cory, how do you feel?  How does he manage to change form at will?  He was such a genius. What a waste. [Control room] (Kirk is really Garth, remember. The Andorian and  Tellarite are with him.)  Force field is on. Good. Remain here out of sight until I give  the order to join me. Kirk to Enterprise. [Bridge] (throws a tantrum) No! No! No! (ends up  thumping the floor until he changes beck to Garth.  [Bridge] Thank you for your concern. All in all, it's been rather restful.    I'd forgotten.  Where is Mister Spock?  How are you, Mister Spock?  Isn't Governor Cory joining us?  An oversight?  In that case, we must decline with thanks.  You're very persuasive.  Not really.  All we need is a few seconds, if Scotty has alerted the security  detail.  Yes, er, incredible.  Oh, er, thank you. That's, er, very magnanimous of you.  That's very flattering. I am primarily an explorer now, Captain  Garth.  And tried to destroy Antos Four. SPOCK: Why?  Yes, you could say, but that would be untrue.  I agree there was a time when war was necessary, and you were our  greatest warrior. I studied your victory at Axanar when I was a cadet.  In fact it's still required reading at the Academy.  Very well. But my first visit to Axanar was as a new fledged  cadet on a peace mission.  They were humanitarians and statesmen, and they had a dream. A  dream that became a reality and spread throughout the stars, a dream  that made Mister Spock and me brothers.  No thank you. I prefer to join Mister Spock.  Occasionally.  I'm sure you're aware that there are an infinite number of  countermoves.  I can't for the life of me imagine which one.  Dead I am of no use to you.  Yes, I think it's very good.  I can't.  Yes, I recognise it. It's used for rehabilitation purposes.  Stop it!  (Garth turns it off.)  No.  Is this more of Garth's persuasion, Marta?  I believe you mean that.  Marta. Marta, I can help you, but I must get to the Enterprise to  do that.  Yes, it is. It is if I can get to the control room and remove the  force field, then Garth is finished.  He will lead you to destruction. He's already destroyed the  medicine that could have helped you. But there's more medicine aboard  the ship.  Spock?  How did you manage that?  I'm very glad to see you.  Yes, you presume correctly. (They head along the corridor, until they see a  Tellarite standing guard. Spock stuns him. Kirk takes his weapon and  they head into the control room.) [Control room] Kirk to Enterprise. [Bridge] Mister Scott, I want a fully armed security detail beamed down  here on the double. [Bridge] And have Doctor McCoy prepare additional  medicine as quickly as possible.  Very well, Spock.  Scotty, Mister Spock will give the countersign.  What have you done with Spock? Where is he?  Captain Garth  No, sir. Captain Garth, Starship fleet Captain. That's an  honourable title.  Yes, you were. Yes. But you're a sick man now, sir.  No. No, think. Think back to what you were before the accident  that sent you to Antos Four. Try.  No, I, I can remember. You were the finest student at the  Academy, the finest Starship Captain. You were the prototype, the model  for the rest of us.  And you bore it well. And the disease that changed you, it's not  your fault. And the terrible things you did since then, not truly  responsible.  No, I'm not. I want you to find what you once had. I want you to  go back to the greatness that you've lost, Captain Garth.  No, sir, listen to me. I  No.  Coronation?  Yes, I agree. You'll wear a crown too, I presume?  Garth, you have only a handful of men.  No, I wouldn't enjoy that at all. Besides, you seem to need me  alive.  Listen to me. This may be our last chance.  Garth will destroy all of us unless you help me stop him. And he's  using you, you know that, because he wants the power for himself. I  brought something that might have cured you, but he destroyed it. If I  can get a patrol down, they'd bring more of that medicine and  (Kirk tries to switch off the forcefield and gets hits for his effort.  Garth enters.)  All I can say, Garth, if it happens to me, it happens to you.  (with chair) I'm your Captain, Spock! Can't you tell? Shoot!  Shoot!  (on floor) He's right, Spock. You must shoot, but shoot both of  us. It's the only way to ensure the safety of the Enterprise.  (Spock shoots the aggressive Kirk with the chair, who then turns back  into Garth. Spock switches off the force field.)  Mister Spock.  Captain Garth, I'm James Kirk.  The starship Enterprise.  Yes, sir, the Enterprise. I'm the captain. (Kirk and Garth shake  hands) Can I help?  No, Captain. No.  Mister Spock.  Tell me something. Why was it so impossible to tell the  difference between us?  Yes, and congratulations. What took you so long?  I see. Mister Spock. Letting yourself be hit on the head, and I  presume you let yourself be hit on the head, is not exactly a method  King Solomon would have approved. Mister Scott, ready to beam up. 
I've never felt like this before either.  There's no sickness on your planet, remember? 
When a man of Scotty's years falls in love, the loneliness  of his life is suddenly revealed to him. His whole heart once throbbed  only to the ship's engines. He could talk only to the ship. Now he can  see nothing but the woman.  [Bridge] Doctor, how's the girl?  Well, Mister Scott seems to agree with you. The two of you  meet me in the transporter room on the double.  (McCoy and Scott leave, then we see in Mira's eye the sparkles and an  image of a dead alien presumably on Memory Alpha)  Captain's log, supplemental, stardate 5725.6. The  storm has cleared Memory Alpha. It is heading away at incredible speed.  We have been unable to make contact with the planetoid. Its silence is  ominous. We are beaming down to investigate. [Memory Alpha]
(dictating) At Federation orders, we're  proceeding at top warp speed to the planet Ardana, where the only  source of zenite exists. It is the one substance that can halt the  plague.  On Stratos? That's their cloud city, isn't it, Mister Spock?  There must be some mistake. Do you have the co-ordinates to the  mine entrance available?  Kirk to transporter room.  Mister Scott, are you locked in on the mine entrance or on their  cloud city, Stratos?  Fine. Uhura. Tell the High Advisor that we request to dispense  with the welcoming ceremonies due to the emergency, and that we're  beaming directly down to the mine entrance in order to ensure the  fastest possible delivery of the zenite. The need is urgent.  Mister Spock, come with me. Oh, and tell them that we appreciate  the honour and that we look forward to some visit in the future.  Looks as tranquil as its reputation, doesn't it.  Once. I didn't have time to look around.  Yes, art is the population's chief occupation.  There's the mine entrance. The zenite consignment should have  been there. I don't understand it. Those Troglyte miners were supposed  to have made delivery when we beamed down.  Perhaps.  Who are you? What's the meaning of this attack?  We're here by permission of your government council on an  emergency mission.  No, just a little shaken up.  Captain Kirk, Enterprise. My first officer, Mister Spock.  It was rather warm.  Well, I'm more concerned with the zenite consignment. Why wasn't  it in its specified location?  They agreed to the delivery. Your council assured us of it.  Hostages? For what purpose?  Very well. I do hope the search will be brief, Mister Advisor.  Pleasure, madam.  What are their demands?  I must concern myself with it if it should interfere with the  delivery of zenite to Merak Two.  I hope so. Ardana is a member of the Federation, and it is your  council's responsibility that nothing interferes with its obligation to  another member of the Federation.  You again!  Yes, duty is a good teacher. I see you've changed your  dressmaker.  So you can attack me again? That would be foolish.  I'm not afraid. In fact, I find this rather enjoyable.  All right, I'll make a deal with you. You answer some questions  and I'll let you up.  Your word first.  Then why this?  No, not at all. In fact her visit was quite enlightening.  Yes, it seems the Troglytes are under the impression that the  Enterprise is here to intimidate them.  We're here to get that zenite consignment, and that's it.  In times of emergency, they do anything. And believe me, this  botanical plague is an emergency.  Unaccustomed to light and warmth? That's necessary to all  humanoids. Surely, you don't deny it to the Troglytes.  They can be taught to understand, especially in a society that  prides itself in enlightenment.  Yes, I should have realised.  (A scream rings out. Kirk and Spock go to investigate)  [Council gallery] Mister Advisor!  (The rays are switched off, and Vanna slumps)  You said you were going to question Vanna, not torture her.  Surely there are better methods than this.  Yes, but I won't stand by while someone is tortured!  The abstract concepts of loyalty and leadership seem clear to  Vanna.  But obviously no more consideration.  The only way you'll use that device again is on one of us.  Of course, but Starfleet command won't take kindly to having  either rays or physical force used against one of its command  personnel, Mister Advisor.  Beyond plain humanitarianism, my orders are to get that zenite.  You won't get it through torture.  Kirk to Enterprise.  Mister Scott, we're ready to beam up.  Lieutenant Uhura, advise Starfleet command  that the zenite has not been delivered. In my opinion, Plasus' method  of accomplishing delivery will not succeed. If the zenite is not  delivered shortly, I shall have to violate Plasus' order of  non-interference and win the confidence of the Troglyte leader with the  use of reason.  That's impossible, Bones. The Troglytes have accepted personal  sacrifice, a common cause. Mentally inferior beings aren't capable of  that.  Natural growths? What kind?  And the mines are full of that gas.  Bones, the Disrupters, Vanna. It seems impossible. They've  outwitted a highly organised, scientific culture for months.  Does the brain return to normal?  Can you neutralise the gas?  Find one. Meet us in the transporter room.  [Transporter room] (Kirk, Spock and McCoy are talking to Plasus on a  wall monitor)  This mask automatically eliminates all substance injurious to  humanoid life, chemical as well as bacterial. We have used these filter  masks frequently on  Doctor McCoy has analysed the zenite thoroughly. We've checked  his findings through the computer and they're absolutely valid.  There's no time to argue about the findings now. I simply propose  to tell Vanna all about them.  This nonsense might mean a great deal to the Troglytes. I would  like to offer them a supply of these filter masks in exchange for the  zenite consignment.  Are you afraid the filter masks will work? Is that why you don't  want the Troglytes to try them?  I am here to get that zenite. If these will help me get them,  I'll use them.  My diplomacy is somewhat inadequate.  Doesn't give us much choice, does it.  Beam me down to Vanna's confinement quarters.  If Vanna doesn't have something definite to gain for her people,  she'll die rather than turn over that zenite consignment. This is the  only thing that might convince her.  If you’re about to suggest that you contact Vanna, the answer is  negative, Spock. That goes for you too, Bones.  Officially, yes. But this mission is strictly unofficial.  Nobody's to have any part in it, any responsibility for it, but myself.  That's an order, Spock. You have the conn. Stand by till I contact you.  [Vanna's cell] (It's a fair size, with a bed and table, and  horizontal bars across the doorway)  Vanna, I've brought you a gift. There's a dangerous gas in the  mines that affects the development of the Troglytes exposed to it for a  period of time. This mask will prevent any further damage.  Yes.  That's true. But an idea can't be seen or felt. That's what's  kept the Troglytes in the mines all these centuries,  a mistaken idea.  Yes. I'll see to it that the Federation engineers construct them.    Plasus is not the whole government.  As soon as the zenite is delivered to Merak Two, I'll come back.  I'll request permission to mediate for the Troglytes. Vanna, you must  trust me. I give you my word.  The zenite can be delivered in a few hours. You won't have long  to wait now.  Vanna, you must trust me. If you don't, millions of people will  die. A whole planet. This zenite is all that can save them. This filter  mask is all that can save the Troglytes. Trust me. Please.  (wearing the mask) We had a bargain. Why did you break it?  I trusted you.  Then you are a fool. These masks will free you, just as I said.  Holding me won't help you. My men'll still come for that zenite  consignment.  They'll still come.  Without that mask, I haven't  It takes a while for its effects to be noticed.  Is that what Disrupters are bargaining for, the right to kill  everyone?  The masks can change that.  How long do you plan on keeping me here, providing Midro doesn't  kill me, of course?  That's quite a while. Longer than I expected.  (Kirk jumps Vanna, gets the phaser and uses it to cause a rockfall in  the tunnel)  Completely.  Die from something that can't be seen? You astound me, Vanna.  Kirk to Enterprise. Enterprise, come in. Kirk to Enterprise.  Enterprise, come in. Kirk to Enterprise.  Nothing. Are you locked in on me? [Bridge] Circumstances dictate a slight variation,  Spock. [Bridge] Hold on these co-ordinates. Locate the High  Advisor and beam him to these co-ordinates immediately. Without advance  communication. Repeat, without advance communication. Have you got  that, Spock? [Bridge] I am preparing a demonstration on the effects of unbelieved gas.  [Bridge] Not until you're convinced of the effects of the zenite gas,  Mister Advisor.  Perhaps you need closer exposure. Fill that container.  I insist.  You too, Vanna. You too! Dig! Kirk here. What is it? [Transporter room] Your orders are to stand by. Now, carry them  out! Kirk out. [Transporter room] We'll leave when the gas has effect.  Dig!  I said dig!  One more step and I'll kill you.  Both will kill.  (Kirk throws his phaser away, and Plasus attacks him with two mortae.  Kirk quickly disarms him, and they wrestle instead. Vanna  notices the communicator has fallen off Kirk's belt, and picks it up)  The zenite gas.  Well, it seems my little demonstration was quite a success. [Council gallery] They will be very effective. sir. They've been severely tested,  and the Troglytes will no longer suffer from retardation and emotional  difficulties.  Thank you, Vanna.  Perhaps some form of mediation can be helpful in your  difficulties. The Federation Bureau of Industrialisation may be of aid  to you.  Believe me, sir, I have neither the time nor the desire to return  here. Only answering your charges against me will force me back.  You're guilty of attacking a starship commander and plotting  against his life.  Yes, Vanna. They never happened. Mister Advisor? (Plasus nods)  Mister Spock, let's get that zenite delivered. I believe we only have  three hours left.  Kirk to Enterprise. Kirk to Enterprise. Mister Scott beam us up. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
See if you can bypass him.  The Romulans will view this as a  military intrusion and attack. Bring the ship about now. If you bring  her about [Bridge] Rad. [Bridge] You are being used by him. [Bridge]
Report.  Let's get that ryetalyn.  (A strange device comes travelling through the air towards them. A bit  like Nomad, but much smaller and with more round bits. It fires an  energy beam at the landing party's feet. They try to fire their  phasers.)  Inoperative.  (The device fires again, and closes in.)  I'm Captain James Kirk  Then if you know who we are, you know why we're here, Mister?  Mister Flint, I have a sick crew up there. We can't possibly  reach another planet in time. You can't refuse us the ryetalyn.  We're in need! We'll pay for it, work for it, trade for it.  But you have the ryetalyn that we need! If necessary, we'll take  it.  Kirk to Enterprise. Mister Scott, lock phasers onto our  co-ordinates.  Mister Flint, if anything happens to us, four deaths and then my  crew comes down and takes that ryetalyn.  We need only a few hours.  With all due gratitude.  A most impressive home, Mister Flint.  If that ryetalyn isn't here in one hour, we'll go prospecting,  right over Mister Flint if necessary.  Please.  Would be? You mean you think they're fakes?  Well, this could be what it seems to be, or it could be a cover,  a setup, or even an illusion.  Spock, at your earliest opportunity, take a full tricorder  reading of our host. See if he's human. Kirk to Enterprise. Mister  Scott?  Mister Scott, run a full computer check on Mister Flint and on  this planet, Holberg Nine One Seven G. Stand by with your results. I'll  contact.  Kirk out. Let's enjoy this brandy. It tastes real.  (M4 glides in with a bag of purple crystals and puts it on the table.  It leaves)  Easy. Bones?  Beam up to the ship and start processing.  Thank you, Mister Flint. I don't think we have the time.  I thought you lived alone.  Rayna.  Why not all three?  (M4 leads McCoy into a lab, then disappears through a door. McCoy  examines the large coloured jars on a table whilst M4 works behind an  opaque window)  (Rayna sends the cue ball around all four cushions to hit both reds.  Billiards)  Did you teach her that?  You said something about savagery, Mister Flint. When was the  last time you visited Earth?  Thank you. Our missions are peaceful, our weapons defensive. If  we were barbarians, we would not have asked for ryetalyn. Indeed, your  greeting, not ours, lacked a certain benevolence.  Yes, well, those pressures are everywhere in everyone, urging him  to what you call savagery. The private hells, the inner needs and  mysteries, the beast of instinct. As human beings, that is the way it  is. To be human is to be complex. You can't avoid a little ugliness  from within and from without.  (While Rayna is very close to Kirk, Spock is at a gold carved grand  piano)  May I have the pleasure?  (So the couple do an old-fashioned waltz as Spock plays)  (In the lab, M4 brings three vials to McCoy for analysis)  (Kirk and Rayna are now literally cheek to cheek. Flint is watching her  carefully)  (McCoy enters)  Is something wrong?  Time factor, Bones? Epidemic?  But would we have made the error?  Go with Flint. Keep an eye on procedures.  Later, Spock.  I think I will go to the laboratory. There may be a way of  reversing the irillium's effect and saving the existing antitoxin. Stay  here. Let me know when Flint and McCoy return.  Captain's log, stardate 5843.75. Have I committed a  grave error in accepting Flint's word that he would deliver the  antidote to us? The precious time I have let pass may result in  disaster for the Enterprise and her crew.  [Laboratory] (Kirk is having a look around when Rayna enters and  goes to a closed door)  You left us. The room became lonely.  What? What's in there?  Then why are you here?  Are you troubled now?  By what? Are you happy here with Flint?  Then why are you afraid? (he embraces her) Don't be afraid.  (Kirk kisses Rayna. M4 enters and Rayna is scared. Kirk pushes her  away)  Thank you, Mister Spock.  If it were around right now, it would correct  (M4 enters)  In your own words, it would be an interesting test of power.  I don't like the way he orders her around.  He loves her?  Jealousy. Yes, that would explain the attack, but he seemed to  want us together. The billiard game. He suggested we dance.  Kirk to Enterprise. Mister Scott.  Report on the Rigelian fever. [Bridge] Run a computer check on Rayna Kapec. Status, legal ward after the  death of her parents.  Kirk out, Mister Scott.  Can you confirm that, Mister Spock?  Time factor.  What's keeping the processing this time? [Sitting room] Kirk here.  No award of custody? [Bridge] Kirk out. Like Flint. People without a past.  What hold does he have over her?  Let's find McCoy.  I'll meet you in the lab.  (Spock leaves)  I don't want to say goodbye. [Sitting room] (Flint watches on the monitor as Kirk kisses Rayna,  and she starts to respond)  Come with me. I offer you happiness.  Childhood must end. You love me, not Flint.  (Rayna dashes out of the room)  [Laboratory] (Kirk enters)  Why is Flint playing tricks on us? Apparently we're supposed to  go in and get it, if we can. Well, let's not disappoint the chess  master. Phasers on full.  (The door opens by itself)  Why you?  Let's find out.  We'll all go.  (they go down a short corridor into another laboratory)  [Lab two] (The vials of ryetalyn are on a table.)  Spock, you knew?  : You brought me here to learn this? Does she know?  Let's go.  Why?  Kirk to Enterprise.  (We see Flint press a button, and the Enterprise disappear from its  orbit)  Clear out of the area. Inform Starfleet Command. Enterprise?  Scotty?  My crew.  You'd wipe out four hundred lives? Why?  Worse than dead! Restore them. Restore my ship!  What needs?  Give me back my ship. Your secret is safe with us.  (The model Enterprise disappears, and appears back in orbit)  That's why you delayed the processing of the ryetalyn. You  realised what was happening. You kept us together, Rayna and me,  because you knew I could bring her emotions alive. And now you’re just  going to take over.  Impossible? Impossible. From the beginning, you used me. I can't  love her, but I do love her. And she loves me.  Stay out of this. We're fighting over a woman.  She's human. Down to the last blood cell, she's human. Down to  the last thought, hope, aspiration, emotion, she’s human. The human  spirit is free. You have no power of ownership. She's free to do as she  wishes.  I don't want to beat you. This is no test of power. Rayna belongs  to herself and she claims the human right of choice to be as she wills,  to do as she wills, to think as she wills.  Rayna, come with me.  What happened?  Spock.  A very old and lonely man. And a young and lonely man. We put on  a pretty poor show, didn't we? If only I could forget.  (He rests his head on his arms, on the desk. McCoy enters) 
What caused the red alert?  What caused that? 
Any sign of survivors?  If they knew that their sun was dying, it could be anything up to  mass suicide.  Then we're certainly in the right place to find out what  happened, where the inhabitants are, and if there are any left now.  Perhaps you can, Mister  You say everyone is gone? Where'd they go?  What about recent history?  It doesn't have to be extensive, Just the answers to a few  questions.  You're a very agile man, Mister Atoz. Just how many of you are  there? We came as soon as we knew what was happening.  Did you say they were safe?  Where did they go?  I see. And you personally sent all these people on the planet to  safety?  You are the real one, Mister Atoz?  Of course. I am the real Mister Atoz.  Let us take you with us to a place of safety.  We'll choose it as quick as we can. How long till nova?  This gentleman is not  Spock. Bones.  I'm a free man, sir.  What's that? Are you all right?  You better come back with me to the library. You'll be safe  there. Doctor McCoy can see to those bruises.  It's right over there.  (But all he sees is a blank brick wall)  [Ice Age] No. Do you remember when you first saw me? Do you remember  whether I came through some kind of door?  No. No. It must be here someplace.  Bones? Spock? [Ice Age] We must've missed each other somehow.  No, no. No, no, no. These are friends of mine, and they're [Ice Age] Can you get to the library? [Ice Age] Explain. [Ice Age] It must have been tied in to the tape viewer  somehow. [Ice Age] Yes. (a mob approaches) My friends are coming  back with reinforcements.  On what charge?  That's a mistake. I'm no thief.  Keep talking!  I'm a stranger.  An island.  It's called Earth.  I never saw that woman before tonight. When she screamed, as far  as I could tell, she was being attacked.  Yes, I deny it. I was reading in the library when I heard her  scream. My lord, the library? Do you remember where the library is, my  lord?  Surely you don't believe  What he heard, my lord, were only my friends behind the wall in  the library. In the library.  My lord, at least arrange for me to meet Mister Atoz.  Yes! Yes! Atoz!  Let me speak to you!  At least let me talk to you!  Cry out and I'll break it. Don't move.  (He takes the keys and unlocks his own cell, lets himself out, knocks  out the jailor and drags in inside, shutting the door behind him. The  Judge comes down the steps)  I'm being falsely accused. You know that.  There are no such things as witches!  You're the only one that can hear me, and that's the truth. There  are no witches. Why do you deny it?  I'll denounce you to the inquisitor. You came here from the  future just as I did. Therefore, you, too, are a witch.  Then help me.  Help me return to the library. I've lost my way. I must get back  there.  I tell you I must! I had two friends with me, who are lost in  another time period. I must find them. You'll come back with us.  Prepared? I was not prepared. Your Mister Atoz did not prepare me  in any way.  Spock? McCoy? Kirk to Enterprise. Come in.  How much time before the sun blows up?  We can't, Scotty. Spock and McCoy are missing.  No. Under no circumstances send anyone else here without my  orders. Prepare to warp out and stand by. Kirk out. Mister Atoz, where  are you?  No. Mister Atoz, my friends and I are from another planet. We  don't belong in your history. We don't belong on your planet at all.  No. I want to find the exact disc that they were viewing.  I'm sorry, Mister Atoz. Mister Atoz!  (They tussle)  I'll let you out in a minute. Still up to your little game of  replicas? Which are you this time, real or not?  (He knocks this one out)  If you help me, we won't die. I promise you that.  Which one are you now, the replica or the real one?  You don't really want to hurt me, do you? You've been trying to  save my life. I realise that. Put that thing away.  (But Atoz fires the little tube at Kirk and he falls to the floor)  [Cave] Now, you're going to help me look for my friends.  Kirk here.  No time to explain. Are you ready to warp out?  Stand by to beam us up. But when that star explodes, don't wait.  Get out fast. Kirk out. Now we're going to start looking. They were in  a frozen waste. I could hear the wind.  We'll both look, Mister Atoz.  [Cave] I don’t know.  I didn't see it.  Bones? Spock! McCoy! You've got the wrong one.  Try again.  [Ice Age] (Zarabeth and Spock join McCoy at the ice cliff)  Bones. Spock! [Ice Age] I've found them. Can you still hear me?  Follow my voice. [Ice Age] What are you waiting for? Hurry! [Ice Age] What are you waiting for? Hurry! [Ice Age] Scotty, how much time is there?  What's the matter? Why can't he get through?  Spock, McCoy, you can't get through unless you both come back at  the same time. Scotty.  No! Wait! [Ice Age] He had his escape planned. I'm glad he made it. Kirk to  Enterprise.  Scotty, are you there?  Beam us aboard and go to maximum warp as soon as we're there.  Kirk out. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
What's wrong with her?  Janice, you must remain absolutely quiet. Those are doctor's  orders, not mine.  I don't blame you.  I never stopped you from going on with your space work.  No, it isn't. And you punished and tortured me because of it.  We'd have killed each other.  You had your chance, Captain Kirk. You should've smothered the  life in me. Then they would have said Doctor Janice Lester died of  radiation poisoning in the line of duty. Why didn't you do it? You  always wanted to. Didn't you? You had the strength to do it. But you  were afraid. You were always afraid. Now Janice Lester takes the place  of Captain Kirk.  I already possess your physical strength. Only this Captain Kirk is not  afraid to kill. Now you know the indignity of being a woman. For you  this agony will soon pass, as it has for me. Quiet. Quiet! Believe me,  it's better to be dead than to live alone in the body of a woman. It's  better to be dead.  (He makes to strangle her with her own scarf, but is interrupted by the  sound of footsteps)  Doctor McCoy, your report.  Was it radiation as suggested?  No, nothing at all. She was unconscious all of the time.  Perhaps the shock of knowing what happened to her staff is part  of her problem.  Captain Kirk to the Enterprise. Captain Kirk to the Enterprise.  Mister Scott. Prepare to beam the landing party aboard plus two  others. One critically ill. Have a medical team standing by to receive  the patient. Captain Kirk, out. Prepare to beam aboard.  [Transporter room] (Kirk is carrying Janice in his arms. He puts her  on a gurney)  Doctor Coleman, accompany the patient to the Sickbay. Mister  Spock, take the ship out of orbit. Resume designated course.  Doctor McCoy. Doctor McCoy, you and Doctor Coleman seem to disagree on  diagnosis.  Will it affect your arriving at a correct treatment?  Well, this is especially disturbing to me for personal reasons.  Oh, yes. It's been a long time since I saw her. I walked out on  her when it became serious.  Youth doesn't excuse everything, Doctor McCoy. It's a very  unhappy memory for me.  Thank you. Thank you very much.  (McCoy leaves)  Yes, very lucky. Very lucky. [Sickbay] (Janice is delirious. Coleman is with her. Kirk  enters)  Well you'd better put a stop to it! If you allow Doctor Lester to  become fully conscious she'll know what has happened.  Probably?  I tell you it can't continue.  There wasn't enough time.  He hung onto life too hard. I couldn't  Love? Him? I love the life he led. The power of a starship  commander. It's my life now.  You are a murderer! You knew it was celebium. You could've  treated them for it. You're a murderer many times over.  (McCoy and a now brunette Chapel enter)  I thought my presence might quiet Doctor Lester. It seems to have  had the opposite effect.  Didn't Doctor Lester's staff become delirious before they went  off and died?  Doctor Coleman, Doctor McCoy has had a great deal of experience  with radiation exposure on board the Enterprise.  I am guided by his opinion.  Doctor McCoy, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to take you off  the case and turn it over to Doctor Coleman.  Doctor Coleman wants to assume the full responsibility. Let him  do it.  It's done! Doctor Coleman, your patient. Doctor Coleman, didn't  you suggest a sedation to rest the patient?  Doctor Coleman.  Course, Mister Chekov.  Mister Sulu, set speed at warp factor two.  Mister Chekov, plot a course for the Benecia Colony.  How long to the colony at our present speed?  Mister Sulu, set course for the colony. Three seven three mark  eight.  Yes, it can't be helped. We must take Doctor Lester to a place  where she can be treated.  How long to Starbase Two?  It's twenty four hours too long. Doctor Lester's condition is  increasingly serious. Continue present course.  They will have to serve.  Thank you, Mister Spock, but the facilities will be of little use  if Doctor Lester's dead. Time is of the essence. Continue present  course.  No change of plan has been ordered, Lieutenant. Our arrival at  Beta Aurigae will merely be delayed. Our gravitational studies of that  binary system will not suffer, and a life may be saved! That is not  unusual procedure for the Enterprise.  Mister Spock, if you’d concentrate on the areas for which you are  responsible, Starfleet Command would've been informed already.  Inform Starfleet of the delay, Lieutenant.  Continue present course. Increase speed to warp factor six. [Kirk's quarters] (Kirk is sitting at his desk, filing his nails)  Why are you being so defensive? There's no implied criticism of  you in my order to remove you from the case.  That's the opinion of an individual.  There are no administrative duties required here.  Promotions and demotions can be politically manoeuvred. You know  that, Bones.  I'm afraid the order will have to stand. I can only say that  Doctor Coleman's experience with what happened on the planet had to be  the deciding factor here. I’m sure that you can appreciate that.  What? What do you base that on?  You'll never make that charge stick. Any fool can see why you're  doing this.  I won't submit to this petty search for revenge!  Captain Kirk here.  I'll be right there.  [Sickbay] (Janice wakes up. She looks at the monitor above  her bed)  Well, gentlemen. I'm here, Doctor.  (Janice has run down the corridor and now enters)  She might have killed someone.  (Two security guards arrive)  Put her in isolation in her room. Maintain a twenty four hour  watch. No one, absolutely no one, is to talk to her without my  permission!  How am I otherwise?  Good. I hope you're as pleased about it as I am.  You said I was in perfect condition.  I don't think another test is necessary.  Well, are you satisfied with the results of  the tests?  No hard feelings, Bones. You did your usual thorough, good job.  Captain Kirk here.  Captain Kirk to Security. On the double to Doctor Lester's room! [Outside Janice's room] Phasers.  Attention, all personnel. First Officer Spock has been placed  under arrest. He has conspired with Doctor Lester to take over the ship  from your captain. A hearing will be immediately convened to consider  the charges and specifications of a general court martial on the charge  of mutiny.  Captain's Log, stardate 5930.3. The results of  Doctor McCoy's examination have given me complete confidence in myself.  My fears are past. I shall function freely as the captain. I am the  captain of the Enterprise, in fact. [Courtroom] (Scott is questioning Spock, but the log entry  obliterates some of the evidence)  She's dangerously insane. We've seen the evidence.  Mister Spock. Mister Spock, my authority has been given to me by  Starfleet Command, and only that high authority can take it away.  Mister Lemli, have Doctor Janice Lester brought here.  Doctor McCoy, while Mister Spock was busy with his ambitious  plot, what were you doing?  Oh, yes. You were deeply concerned about my health, emotional and  physical, since leaving Camus Two. Is that correct?  Instead of trying to destroy me, you were searching for ways to  help me. Doctor McCoy, for the record, will you tell the court your  findings?  Thank you, Doctor McCoy. Mister Spock, were you aware of Doctor  McCoy's findings?  And what have you to say now?  Doctor Coleman, if you’re required here, we'll call you.  (Coleman leaves. Janice takes the witness stand)  We certainly appreciate your being here. Everyone is deeply aware  that you have been subjected to inordinate emotional stress. We had  hoped to avoid any further stress, but Mister Spock disagrees. It is  his opinion that your testimony is important in determining the merits  of his case. And since we are solely interested in arriving at a just  decision, I'm going to have to ask you a few more questions. I'll try  not to upset you. You claim that, that you are Captain James T. Kirk?  Oh. Well. However, as I understand it, I am Doctor Janice Lester.    A subtlety that somehow escapes me. I assume that this switch was  arrived at by mutual agreement.  Violence by the lady, perpetrated on Captain Kirk? I ask the  assembled personnel to look at Doctor Janice Lester and visualise that  historic moment. Can you, can you tell me why Doctor Janice Lester  would agree to this ludicrous exchange?  Are you prepared with witnesses? One will do.  Mister Spock, have you ever heard of a case such as described by  Doctor Janice Lester?  Oh. Assuming that you are correct in your belief, do you expect  Starfleet Command to place this er, this er, person in command of the  Enterprise?  And with the truth revealed, that I am not really the captain,  and knowing that she would not be allowed to serve as the captain, then  you would be the captain! It is inevitable! Spock. Spock, give it up!  Return to the Enterprise family. All charges will be dropped and the  madness that temporarily overcame all of us on Camus Two will fade and  be forgotten.  Doctor Lester will be cared for always. It is a debt and a  responsibility I owe her from the past.  Lieutenant Lysa, play back those last two sentences from Mister  Spock's tirade.  You heard the statements placed into the record by you. Do you  understand the nature of it?  (thumping the table) It is mutiny! Deliberate, vindictive, insane  at its base! But mutiny is charged, and encouragement to mutiny. Doctor  McCoy, Mister Scott, you heard it! On the basis of these statements, I  call for an immediate vote, by the powers granted to me as captain of  the Enterprise. A recess is declared, to be followed by a vote.  Silence. You will be silent! A recess has been declared. There  will be no cross-discussion. When I return, we will vote on the charge  of mutiny. The evidence presented here is the only basis of your  decision. [Corridor] Play the tapes of the conversation in the  corridor.  Enough to convict you of conspiracy with mutineers. And you're so  charged. The sentence, death. Mister Lemli.  All my senior officers turning against me?  I am responsible. The execution will be immediate. Go to your  posts. Go to your posts.  (Chekov and Sulu leave)  Mister Lemli, take them to the brig. Prepare for execution. Go  on!  (Scott and McCoy are escorted out at phaser point. Janice follows and  Spock follow, also under armed guard)  [Bridge] Lieutenant Lysa, inform all sectors of my decision. Have each  section send a representative to the place of execution on the hangar  deck. Mister Chekov, how far to the Benecia Colony?  Plot co-ordinates for orbit. Mister Sulu, lock into co-ordinates  as soon as orbit is accomplished. Interment will take place on Benecia.    (Chekov and Sulu remove their hands from their controls)  You have received your orders! You will obey my orders. You’ll be  charged with mutiny! You will obey my orders or, or,  (He starts convulsing, and Janice is doing the same in the brig) [Brig] Arthur, the transference is weakening.  For a moment, I found myself back with the prisoners. I will not  go back to being Janice Lester. You must help me prevent it.  I can't. I can't. The crew is in mutiny. You must kill her for  me.  Then do it for yourself. If Kirk doesn't die, we'll both be  exposed as murderers. Does that give you any choice?  (Coleman gets a phaser and a hypo-spray)  The dosage should be doubly lethal.  To prevent further conspiracy, you will be removed to separate  cells. If there’s any resistance, you'll be given a sedative until you  learn co-operation. Doctor Lester will be first. Follow Doctor Coleman.    (Janice steps out into the corridor)  Kill him! Kill him!  (Then Kirk goes into another convulsion. The rest of the prisoners  stroll into the corridor as the transfer undoes itself)  Can you do anything for her?  I didn't want to destroy her.  Her life could have been as rich as any woman's, if only. If  only. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
All right, Chief, begin materialisation.  Captain Ramart, I'm Captain Kirk.  How do you do?  Mister Evans. We've heard a great deal about you. Welcome aboard.    Four hundred and twenty eight, to be exact. Is there anything we  can do for you, Captain? Medical supplies, provisions?  You keep interrupting, Mister Evans. That's considered wrong.  We have a large supply of entertainment tapes, gentlemen.  This must be a space first. A transport ship that doesn't need  anything?  Not even Sarian brandy?  Thank you. (the pair are beamed off)  Yeoman Rand, this is Charles Evans. Show him to his quarters and  drop his records off at Doctor McCoy's office, if you will.  That's a girl.  Captain's Log, star date 1533.7. We have taken  aboard an unusual passenger for transport to Colony Alpha Five. Charles  Evans,  the sole survivor of a transport crash fourteen years ago. The child,  alone from age three, has not only survived, but has grown to  intelligent, healthy adolescence.  [Sickbay] Good. Doctor McCoy, Mister Spock is working out  Thank you. He's working out a training programme for Charlie  Evans. Earth history, his own background, that sort of thing. I'd like  you to give him the necessary medical orientation on the problems of,  um, er, adolescence.  The job is yours, Bones. Flattery will get you nowhere.  Do you believe the legend, Mister Spock, that Thasians still  exist on that planet in some form?  Gentlemen, the fact is the boy is here and he's alive and he  needs our help.  Hmm. I'll depend on your astute abilities to supply him with  that, or find him one.  [Recreation room] (Spock is strumming his lyre when Uhura starts  humming. Spock stops)  On Earth today, it's Thanksgiving. If the  crew has to eat synthetic meat loaf, I want it to look like turkey.  Charlie.  Say it right out, Charlie. That usually works.  Me. I see. Well, um, er, there are things you can do with a lady,  er, Charlie, that you er. There's no right way to hit a woman. I mean,  man to man is one thing, but, er, man and woman, er, it's, er, it's,  er. Well it's, er, another thing. Do you understand?  Excuse me. Kirk here.  I'm on my way to the Bridge now.  I don't think so, Charlie.  Okay. [Bridge] Kirk here, Captain Ramart.  Re-establish contact.  Keep trying.  Sweep the area of the Antares transmission with our probe  scanners, Mister Spock.  You think something happened to the Antares, Charlie?  What about the Antares?  Kirk here.  Chief, have you been  (Charlie laughs and leaves.)  Captain's Log, star date 1535.8. UESPA headquarters  notified of the mysterious loss of science probe vessel Antares.  [Recreation room] (Kirk and Spock are playing 3D chess)  A survey ship with twenty men aboard lost. No reason. Obviously,  Captain Ramart was not aware of any trouble. I can't figure it.  I can usually follow you, Mister Spock, but this time?  I'd call it a pretty long reach for evidence, Mister Spock. Come  in, Charlie.  Checkmate.  I prefer to call it inspired.  You play chess, Charlie?  I place you in the hands of our chess master.  (Kirk gets up and leaves)  What?  Charlie's a seventeen year old boy.  I talked to him about the swat.  Yes, Yeoman, I'll talk to him. I'll look into it.  Come in, Charlie. Er, Charlie. Charlie, do  you know anything about this chess piece? Did you notice anything  peculiar in them when we were using them this afternoon?  Er, no. No, no. Sit down. Charlie, being seventeen is more than  how many years you've lived. It's a whole other thing.  Doctor McCoy could probably explain the biological conditions. Well,  let's, let's use a specific. Yeoman Rand is a woman.  No, there's more to it than that.  Now wait, wait.  You'll live, believe me. There's nothing wrong with you that  hasn't gone wrong with every other human male since the model first  came up.  You go slow. You be gentle. I mean, it's not a one-way street,  you know, how you feel and that's all. It's how the girl feels, too.  Don't press, Charlie. If the girl feels anything for you at all, you'll  know it. Do you understand?  She's not the girl, Charlie. The years are wrong, for one thing,  and there are other things.  No, Charlie.  No.  Charlie, there are a million things in this universe you can have  and there are a million things you can't have. It's no fun facing that,  but that's the way things are.  Hang on tight and survive. Everybody does.  Everybody, Charlie. Me, too.  Kirk here.  Ask Mister Spock to see to it. Charlie, come on with me.  [Gymnasium] You've got to slap the floor to absorb the  energy when you fall. Go ahead, try it. Like everything else, it takes  practice, Charlie. Try again. Good. That's much better. Here, now I'll  show you a shoulder roll. Try that.  Well, it makes it hard to teach you  All right, Charlie. Lesson's over for today.  You have to learn to protect yourself in a fall before I do that.  It's more than teaching you to defend yourself. Charlie, I want you to  learn. Charlie? Hey, Sam, let me borrow you for a couple easy throws,  all right?  Watch this, Charlie. That wasn't so bad, was it? Now I'll throw  him. Here we go, Sam.  Come on, Charlie. Try it. Attaboy. Let's go.  (Charlie can't make Kirk lose his balance. He gets dumped instead.)  That wasn't so bad, was it?  Cool off.  Charlie.  What happened to him, Charlie?  That's no answer.  Kirk here. Two men from security, on the double.  I'm confining you to quarters. I want you to stay there.  They won't hurt you, Charlie. (security arrive) They'll take you  to your quarters, Charlie. Go with them.  (Charlie knocks them down, one draws his phaser)  Go to your quarters.  Go to your quarters or I'll pick you up and carry you there.  That's your choice, Charlie.  They won't hurt you.  Kirk here.  No, I heard you. Have Doctor McCoy and Mister Spock meet me in  the Briefing room.  [Briefing room] What are chances that Charlie's not an Earthling, that he's a  Thasian?  Well, whatever he is, we have some idea of the power he has. I  know what I saw him do in the gymnasium.  Short-tempered, because he doesn't understand. He needs, he  wants. Nothing happens fast enough.  He doesn't understand what life is. He's a boy.  It goes even further than that, Doctor. We can't take him with us  to Earth Colony Five. Can you imagine what he'd do in an open, normal  environment. I've talked with him, listened. He's a boy in a man's  body, trying to be an adult with the adolescence in him getting in the  way.  Are you responsible for what happened to the Antares, Charlie?  Answer me.  What about us, Charlie?  Lieutenant, raise Colony Five. I want to  speak directly to the governor.  Navigator, lay a course away from Colony Five. Buy me some time.  Spock, get the doctor up here on the double. How bad is it?  Mister Spock, you getting any readings on your instruments?  Mister Spock.  Release the transmitter.  See to her, Doctor.  That's enough, Charlie.  Leave my crew alone. (Charlie leaves)  I know.  [Corridor] Spock.  Mister Spock?  Let him go, too, Charlie.  Because I'm telling you to. Because you need me to run the ship,  and I need him.  And what about Yeoman Janice? Is she dead? Gone? Destroyed?  Are you creating that message, Charlie, or you're blocking one  that's coming in.  I've waited long enough. I'm going to take him on.  Mister Spock?  Wait a minute. Does Charlie? Now, wait, Spock, has he done away  with anybody since he took over?  Maybe he can't. Could be he's overreached himself. It's a big  ship. He's taken full control. If we could tax his power,  turn on every device on the ship, every circuit, every light, all of  it, and while he's fighting that, if I could distract him, maybe you  could  tranquilize him, keep him under until we reach Colony Five.  If we don't try, Doctor, he'll get rid of us anyway. There's no  choice, gentlemen, none at all.  Get out of my chair, Charlie, and get out of it now.  Maybe, Charlie, but I don't think you can handle any more. I  think you've reached your limit and can't take on one more thing, but  you're going to have to.  You're going to have to take me on.  You've got my ship, and I want it back. I want my crew back,  whole, if I have to break your neck to do it! (throws him out of  command chair)  It's all right, Yeoman.  The boy belongs with his own kind.  With training, we can teach him to live in our society. If he can  be taught not to use his power  Is there nothing you can do?  It's all right, Yeoman. It's all over now. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
This is the Captain speaking. In our  next action, we can risk neither miscalculation nor error [Bridge] Will be considered sufficient reason to  violate the zone. We may defend ourselves, [Sickbay] But if necessary to avoid interspace  war, [Bridge] Fire! Stiles, can you hear me? Fire!  (Spock turns and runs back to Phaser Control)  Fire! [Phaser Control] (The room is full of purple smoke) 
