This is the ruling council?  No doubt you do. I am Kor, military governor of Organia. (looking  at Kirk) Who are you?  And he has no tongue?  Good. You will be taught how to use it. Where is your smile?  The stupid, idiotic smile everyone else seems to be wearing. A  Vulcan. Do you also have a tongue?  Well, have we a ram among the sheep? Do you object to us taking  him?  Coming from an Organian, yours is practically an act of rebellion.  Very good. (to the Council) So you welcome me. (to Kirk) Do you also  welcome me?  Good honest hatred. Very refreshing. However, it makes no  difference whether you welcome me or not. I am here and will stay. You  are now subjects of the Klingon Empire. You'll find there are many  rules and regulations. They will be posted. Violation of the smallest  of them will be punished by death.  You disapprove, Baroner.  I need your obedience. Nothing more. Will I have it?  Yes. I am. I shall need a representative from among you. Liaison  between the forces of the occupation and the civil population. Smile  and smile. I don't trust men who smile too much. You, Baroner, you're  the man.  Have I asked whether or not you want it? We Klingons have a  reputation for ruthlessness. You will find that it is deserved. Should  one Klingon soldier be killed, a thousand Organians will die. I will  have order. Is that clear?  I'm sure you will not. Take the Vulcan to the examination room.  (to Kirk) You, come with me. I will familiarise you with your new  duties.  You are concerned?  You have a poor choice of friends. He will be examined. If he is  lying, he will die. If he is telling the truth, he will find that  business has taken a turn for the worse. Take him. You do not like to  be pushed. Very good. You may be a man I can deal with, Baroner. Come  with me. [Kor's office] (Probably up in the old castle.)  From this day on, no public assemblages of more than three people.  All publications to be cleared through this office. Neighbourhood  controls will be established, hostages selected. A somewhat lengthy  list of crimes against the state.  (Kor hands the proclamation to Kirk, who puts it down on the desk.)  You do not like them? (Spock is brought in.) Well?  Nothing else?  You are sure?  Very well, Lieutenant. Would you like to try our little truth  finder?  It's a mind-sifter or mind-ripper, depending on how much force is  used. We can record every thought, every bit of knowledge in a man's  mind. Of course, when that much force is used, the mind is emptied.  Permanently, I'm afraid. What's left is more vegetable than human.  It is a tool, a weapon. Somewhat drastic, but very efficient.  All right, Vulcan, you may go. But you are an enemy alien. You  will be under our scrutiny at all times. If I have to warn you  Return to your council, Baroner. You will receive our official  notifications as soon as they are published. In the meantime keep the  people in order. It is your responsibility.  That is exactly right. You will be killed. [Village square] You speak of courage. Obviously you do not know the difference  between courage and foolhardiness. Always it is the brave ones who die.  The soldiers. I hope you will continue to savour the sweetness of your  life. You disgust me.  What is always done with spies and saboteurs. He will be killed,  after he has had first-hand experience of our mind scanner.  What? (A big grin spreads across his face) Captain of the USS  Enterprise. A starship commander. And his first officer? I had hoped to  meet you in battle, but  That's going to be rather difficult now. Isn't it, Captain? What  an admirable people. Do you always betray your friends?  I don't blame you, Captain. Lock up the Vulcan. Take the Captain  to my office. We'll have a talk before I do what must be done. [Kor's office] You'll have a drink with me, Captain?  I assure you it isn't drugged. With our mind-scanner, we have no  need for such crude methods.  Oh, a very great deal, but first I want to talk. Just talk.  You'll talk. Either here, now, voluntarily, or under our  mind-scanner. The fact is, Captain, I have a great admiration for your  Starfleet. A remarkable instrument. and I must confess to a certain  admiration for you. I know, of course, that it was you who destroyed  our supplies last night.  Hardly. They were quite important to us, but they can be replaced.  You of the Federation, you are much like us.  Come now. I'm not referring to minor ideological differences. I  mean that we are similar as a species. Here we are on a planet of  sheep. Two tigers, predators, hunters, killers, and it is precisely  that which makes us great. And there is a universe to be taken.  Excellent. Then it shall be a matter of testing each other's  wills. Of power. Survival must be earned, Captain. Tell me about the  dispersal of your  Starfleet.  .  I can get what I want through our mind-scanner, but there would be  very little of your mind left, Captain. I have no desire  to see you become a vegetable. This friend of yours, the Vulcan. He  seems to have the ability to block our scanner. I think perhaps I will  find out why. I will have him dissected. Your friend killed. You, a  mental vegetable. Not a pleasant prospect, Captain, but it lies ahead  for you unless you tell me everything I want to know. Twelve hours,  Captain.  Longer than that I will not wait. I respect you, Captain, but this  is war, a game we Klingons play to win. Take him to the cell with his  friend. And watch him closely. [Cell] (It's a traditional mediaeval castle cell, big iron  grills, straw on the floor, lit by ever-burning torches in sconces on  the walls.)  Don't you see I'm busy?  You mean they've escaped?  If you're lying to me.  All right, Lieutenant. Implement Special Occupation Order Number  Four. Immediately!  Attention. Attention all Organians. Attention. This is  Commander Kor. The two Federation prisoners have escaped, obviously  with outside aid. [Kor's office] They will be returned immediately. So that you  will know we mean what we say, listen. [Council Chamber] In the courtyard of my headquarters, [Council Chamber] Two hundred Organians have just been  killed.  KIRK; Two hundred of them.  In two hours, two hundred more will die, and two hundred more  after that until the two Federation spies are turned over to us. This  is the order of Kor.  Nothing?  They know what death is, don't they?  Bad enough to be a military governor, but to govern a population  of sheep! Very well, Lieutenant, round up two hundred more.  (going into his office) Fools! Will I have to kill them all?  (The Klingons march off, and Kirk jumps one of them from a side  corridor, getting his belt around the Lieutenant's neck.)  You have done well to get this far through my guards.  So, you are here. You will be interested in knowing that a  Federation fleet is on its way here at the moment. Our fleet is  preparing to meet them.  Shall we wait and see the results before you kill me?  Sentimentality, mercy. The emotions of peace. Your weakness,  Captain Kirk. The Klingon Empire shall win. Think of it,  as we sit here, in space above us the destiny of the galaxy will be  decided for the next ten thousand years. Can I offer you a drink? We  can toast the victory of the Klingon fleet.  Today we conquer. If some day we are defeated, well, war has its  fortunes good and bad. Do you know why we are so strong?  Because we are a unit. Each of us is part of the greater whole, always  under surveillance. Even a commander like myself, always under  surveillance, Captain. If you will note.  Shoot! Shoot!  (They try hand to hand, but are unable to touch each other without  extreme pain. Up on the Enterprise, the crew suddenly leap out of their  seats and away from their consoles.) [Kor's office] What are you talking about?  My fleet!  Ridiculous!  My fleet, it's helpless.  You're what?  You can't interfere. What happens in space is not your business.  Why not? We're the stronger! You've tried to hem us in, cut off  vital supplies, strangle our trade! You've been asking for war!  They are not disputed! They're clearly ours. And now you step in  with some kind of trick.  You are liars. You are meddling in things that are none of your  business.  Or our Empire!  Never!  Captain, it's a trick. We can handle them. I have an army.  (Kirk holds him back as Ayelborne and Claymare transform into pulsating  lights, too bright to look at. Then they disappear.)  But is all of this possible?  A shame, Captain. It would have been glorious. [Bridge]
