Here, Captain. I, I've been looking forward to (sees Chapel, and  they kiss)  Everything's all right now. Oh, forgive me, Captain. I'm, er,  I'm Roger Korby.  What? How did it happen?  I'm terribly sorry, Captain. Perhaps if I'd been there. I know  the passages so well.  Captain, I'd much prefer  I'd prefer you waited, Captain, please, till I've talked to you.    I'm sorry. If they should send down more people,  He won't be harmed. I promise you. Isn't it possible there could  be things here unknown to you, so terribly important  Andrea.  This is necessary, Captain. You will understand. Andrea. (she  reaches for Kirk's phaser, but he grabs her to use as a shield and aims  it at Brown instead, while moving towards a table to use as a barrier  instead of the girl)  If you move or cry out, Ruk may injure you.  At least wait until we can talk.  This is not a vain display, Captain. I'm a scientist. You  obviously know my reputation. Trust me.  There's so much you must learn Before you make a final judgment.  For example (to Ruk) Andrea.  You see, Captain?  That's enough. You are not to mock Christine. You will never  harm her.  You will not disobey her orders. Satisfied, Captain Kirk? Both  love and trust. Now, give me twenty four hours to convince you.  What would your first duty be upon return to your vessel?  Report! Do you realise the number of discoveries lost because of  superstition, of ignorance, of a layman's inability to comprehend?  Ruk was programmed to protect my experiments. The logic of his  machine mind saw danger to me.  Ruk destroyed them both, totally against my wishes I assure you.    Ruk was still tending the machinery when we arrived here. How  many centuries? Even Ruk doesn't know. With his help, ith the records I  could find, we built Brown.  Ruk, no!  [Dining room] Andrea, it's sufficient that it does disturb her. You will call  me Doctor Korby from now on, Andrea.  Remarkable, isn't she? Notice the the lifelike pigmentation, the  variation in skin tones. The flesh, the flesh has warmth. There's even  a pulse, physical sensation.  Christine, you must realise an android's like a computer. It  does only what I  programme.  As a trained scientist yourself, you must realise that  You think I could love a machine?  Andrea's incapable of that. She simply obeys orders. She has no  meaning for me. There's no emotional bond. Andrea, kiss Captain Kirk.  Now strike him. You see? There's no emotion in it, no emotional  involvement. She simply responds to orders. She's a totally logical  computer. A thing is not a woman. Now do you understand?  I will answer all of your questions now. [Laboratory] This is how you make an android. (Kirk is  naked on one side of circular table, a human-shaped blob on the other)  Andrea. (the table starts turning) He's not being harmed, I promise.  Christine, if I'd simply beamed up to their vessel with Brown  and the others, I'd have given them objects of curiosity, beginnings of  wild stories, foolish theories. Ruk! Watch carefully. (the blob turns  into Kirk, and the table is stopped) Choose, Christine. Which is your  captain?  Synthetic organs are in place. We merely synchronise them with  Kirk's autonomic nervous system, duplicating the rhythms of his body.  At the same time, we duplicate the mental pattern. Now, physical  pattern complete, we now make a mental pattern. Ready for final  synaptic fusion. Andrea, stand by for cortex circuits. The android will  be so perfect It could even replace the captain. The same memories, the  same attitudes, the same abilities. Activate circuits.  Complete.  Now, meet an android.  He even has your sense of humour.  One at a time, gentlemen. Captain?  In every detail.  You might as well try to outthink a calculating machine.  Totally unimportant ones. You may leave now. (Kirk2 leaves) You  haven't guessed the rest? Not even you, Christine? What you saw was  only a machine, Only half of what I could've accomplished, Do you  understand? By continuing the process I could've transferred you, your  very consciousness into that android. Your soul, if you wish. All of  you. In android form, a human being can have practical immortality. Can  you understand what I'm offering mankind?  Can you understand that a human converted to an android can be  programmed for the better? Can you imagine how life could be improved  if we could do away with jealousy, greed, hate?  No one need ever die again. No disease, no deformities. why even  fear can be programmed away, replaced with joy. I'm offering you a  pracical heaven, a new paradise, and all I need is your help.  I need transportation to a planet colony with proper raw  materials. I'm sure there are several good possibilities among your  next stops. No diversion from your route. I want no suspicions aroused.  I'll begin producing androids carefully, selectively.  They must be strongly infiltrated into society before the  android existence is revealed. I want no wave of hysteria to destroy  what is good and right. You with me, Captain?  I created him to impress you, not to replace you.  Ruk, protect!  A small colony. Abundant raw materials. You made a good  beginning, Captain.  Ruk, I would like  Ruk, stop! Your programming. (fires phaser, Ruk vanishes) I had  no choice.  [Corridor] It's still me, Christine. Roger. I'm in  here. You can't imagine how it was. I was frozen, dying. My legs were  gone. I was, I had only my brain between life and death. This can be  repaired easier than another man can set a broken finger. I'm still the  same as I was before, Christine, perhaps even better.  (into comm. unit) Andrea.  There's someone in the outer junction.  Ruk has been shut off.  [Laboratory] I'm the same! A direct transfer. All of me,  human, rational, and without a flaw.  I'm not a computer. Test me. Ask me to solve any, equate,  transmit. Christine, Christine, let me prove myself. Does this make  such a difference?  I am Roger Korby!  No. You will never understand. I constructed a perfect being,  tested it, proved it. Proved it. Proved it? (hands phaser to Kirk)  No. You cannot love. You're not human. 
