(from the mouth of Jackson) Captain Kirk, can you hear me?  There is a curse on your ship. Leave this place or you will all die.  Captain's Log, stardate 3018.2. Crewman Jackson is  dead and there are no apparent physical causes. Mister Scott and Mister  Sulu are still out of touch on the planet below. Leaving Assistant  Chief Engineer DeSalle in command of the Enterprise, I'm beaming down  to the planet's surface to find my two missing crewmen and discover  what killed Jackson.  [Planet surface] (It's rocky, and misty. Very spooky.)  Stop!  (Red plush furnishings and a bald man with a little beard, wearing a  golden gown, is sitting on what is effectively a throne on a raised  dais.)  Where did your race get this ridiculous predilection for  resistance? You examine any object, you question everything. Is it not  enough to accept what is?  NO, not mindless. These two are merely controlled, Captain Kirk.  Oh, yes, we know who you are. All of you. (to the cat) Don't we, my  precious?  My name is Korob. And as for bringing you here, it was you who  quite contrarily insisted upon coming. You were warned to stay away.  Mumbo-jumbo? (the cat meows as if explaining) Oh! Oh, no, I  assure you it was not that, Captain.  It is of no importance that we are not native to this planet.  (meow) Oh! I'm  told that I've been an inattentive host, gentlemen. You will join me  for something to refresh yourselves.  (He leaves his throne and the cat follows.)  You are the different one, Mister Spock. You do not think like  the others. There are no colours to your patterns of logic. There's  only black and white. You see all this around you, yet you do not  believe.  I do not understand that reference, therefore it also is of no  importance. Gentlemen, I can be most hospitable.  (He waves his wand and the table is loaded with food.)  Do be seated.  But I insist.  (They seat themselves.)  For the moment, merely that you eat and enjoy. Oh, Doctor, do  try the wine. You'll find it excellent.  Hopefully I can change that attitude.  (The food vanishes and their plates are now filled with cut gemstones.)    They are, I assure you. Diamonds, rubies, emeralds, sapphires.  All the crystalline forms that you cherish above all things. A fortune  of them for each of you if you leave here without further inquiry.  Valueless? I don't understand. I read  You are most unpredictable. Perhaps I have made a small mistake.  Nevertheless, you have passed the tests.  Yes. Our analysis of you may have been in some small way in  error, but you were warned to stay away and yet you came to save your  comrades. That proves loyalty. Your bravery was tested and you did not  frighten. And despite my failure with these bright baubles, I perceive  that you cannot be bribed. In many ways you are quite admirable. (meow)  Quite right. Go at once, yes.  (The cat leaves, and a few moments later a dark haired woman in a loose  black dress enters the room. She is wearing a pendant like the cat's  collar.)  Gentlemen, my colleague. Sylvia.  Don't. Sylvia, don't.  Captain, you've seen something of our  science. Now tell us about yours.  What would you name it, Captain?  Yes, we can change the molecular structure  Oh, we didn't have to know. They knew.  Some time, Captain. Quite some time.  (The model Enterprise is encased in a block of perspex.)  There will be no search party, Captain Kirk. An impenetrable  force field around your ship, Captain. It will not hinder orbit, but  your people are prisoners within it. [Bridge] Take them to their cell. (gives the phaser to Scott)  You forget what we were sent here for.  You're a traitor.  We have a duty to the old ones.  You're cruel. You torture our specimens.  You're wrong! You're discarding everything we live by.  I have the power.  This is not ended, Sylvia.  I've released the model of your ship from the crystal, although  they would have freed themselves soon. It's difficult to control so  many things in so little time. (hands over phaser and communicator)  Here. You must go before she finds the weapon is missing.  They're not your men anymore. They belong to Sylvia. I can no  longer control them or her. She's irrational. The strain of adopting to  your form, the insatiable desire for sensation and experience. She's a  great danger and it was not necessary. We could have entered your  galaxy in peace.  We used the transmuter.  There's no time to explain now. She means to destroy us all.  There might still be a chance. Quickly. Come. [Castle] (They go cautiously along the corridors, and a  cat's snarl is heard. There on a wall is the shadow of a very large  feline.)  I think I can stop her.  It's my problem. She's one of my kind. Come quickly.  (The giant cat pads down the corridor as they retreat back into the  dungeon.) [Dungeon] (Spock goes to the hole in the ceiling that they  originally fell through.)  No! Get back. Get back. Get back! Get back!  Get back!  (The door is pushed in and he is crushed underneath it. Kirk runs to  his aid.)  Go. Go! (He dies, and Kirk picks up his wand.) 
