We are Vians. Do not interfere.  Not quite, Doctor. The field draws its energy from your bodies.  The more you resist, the stronger the force field becomes. Sufficient.  (The Vians vanish, then the forcefield.)  We are on schedule. Some further simple tests are necessary.  You're wrong. Their own imperfections killed them. They were not  fit subjects. Come. Time is short.  Their will to survive is great.  The prime ingredient. [Outside Research station] (Scott and the rescue team vanish.)  We've no interest in them. They may go.  They are safe.  We seek no information as you mean. Your civilisation is yet too  immature to have knowledge valuable to us.  We've already observed the intensity of your passions and gauged  your capacity to love others. Now we want you to reveal to us your  courage and strength of will.  You are called Captain. You are responsible for the lives of your  crew. Is this correct?  When we resume our interrogations, you will decide which of your  men we shall use. It is essential. There is an eighty seven percent  chance that the doctor will die. And while Commander Spock's life is  not in danger, the possibility is ninety three percent that he will  suffer brain damage, resulting in permanent insanity.  (Later)  Doctor, please understand that if there was any other way to  accomplish our purpose  No interference will be permitted.  She must not be urged or forced to take action.  The purpose that brought us together  We have but one need left in life, and that is to see the  completion of the final moment of our test.  That is why we are here.  No, it will not, but it may save Gem's planet. Of all the planets  of Minara, we have the power to transport the inhabitants of only one  to safety.  His death will not serve it, but her willingness to give her life  for him will. You were her teachers.  Your will to survive. Your love of life. Your passion to know.  They are recorded in her being.  Each of you is willing to give his life for the others. We must  now find out whether that instinct has been transmitted to Gem.  (A small earthquake shakes the room.)  Your actions were spontaneous. Everything that is truest and best  in all species of beings has been revealed by you. Those are the  qualities that make a civilisation worthy to survive.  (Gem goes and sits by McCoy.)  Compassion for another is becoming part of her functioning life  system.  (Gem moves her hands over McCoy, not quite touching him. His bruises  and cuts heal, transferring to her before disappearing. She slumps,  crying silently. Then she tries for the internal injuries, but falls  away in agony.)  She's saving herself. She does not yet have the instinct to save  her people.  No. No, not yet.  His death is not important. We must wait to see whether her  instinct for self-sacrifice has become stronger than her instinct for  self-preservation.  (McCoy starts to wake. Gem returns to him.)  You cannot use our powers to change what is happening.  No. We will not. Her instinct must be developed to the fullest.  The test must be complete.  To offer is not proof enough.  Farewell.  (They recede into the darkness.) [Bridge]
