(as Lady M) Is he dead? Speak. Is King Duncan dead?  I take it you're the welcoming committee. (referring to his  glass) Is that for me?  My father will be delighted, Mister. Mister?  We are honoured.  I'm sorry, Captain Kirk. He has a rigid rule about that. He  never sees anyone personally, and he never attends parties.  Karidian is a most unusual man. You saw Macbeth. That was my  father.  So. Captain of the Enterprise. Interesting.  We play two performances at Benecia, if the AstraI Queen can  get us there.  Thank you. And as Lenore Karidian?  You mean professionally?  I think I'd like that. Unfortunately, we must keep a schedule.  You mean leave? But I've only just arrived.  KIRK; So have I.  And you hate to overstay a welcome.  Why not?  No. Just thinking.  At the party, you were such a brash young man.  KIRK; And now?  Now somehow different. Not a ship's Captain with all those  people to be strong and confident in front of. You know, you're really  very dear, aren't you? In some ways, very lonely.  (But just as their lips are about to meet, Kirk spots a body among the  rocks and goes to investigate)  Captain Kirk, I didn't think we'd be meeting again so soon.  No, but it's a delightful thought. Captain, I'm afraid we need  your help. We've been stranded. It seems that our transportation has  cancelled out on us.  Yes, but not in time. You see, our schedule is like a chain.  One break and it all collapses.  If ever we needed a Good Samaritan.  I appeal to you.  (Spock's eyebrow hits the ceiling)  I'll make a bargain with you, Captain.  Special performance for the crew in exchange for a lift.  Then you'll do it?  Thank you, Captain. I'm eternally grateful. I'll get the  company ready. This means so much to them.  Interesting.  Tell me, Captain Kirk.  Did you order the soft lights especially for the occasion?  Star light, star bright. I wish I may, I wish I might. Do you  remember that, Captain?  Almost as old as the stars themselves. And this ship. All this  power, surging and throbbing, yet under control. Are you like that,  Captain? All this power at your command, yet the decisions that you  have to make  Are you, Captain? Human?  Tell me about the women in your world, Captain.  In the beginning.  That's not fair. You haven't answered my question about the  women.  Has the machine changed them? Made them just people instead of  women?  All this and power too. The Caesar of the stars and the  Cleopatra to worship him.  (Finally, a passionate embrace)  [Bridge] (Spock is on duty, and thinking)  Captain Kirk.  (She enters from the next room)  (to Karidian) You'd better rest now. There's a stain of cruelty  on your shining armour, Captain. You could have spared him, and me. You  talked of using tools. I was a tool, wasn't l? A tool to use against my  father.  Later. Everything's always later. Later. Latest. Too late. Too  late, Captain. You are like your ship, powerful, and not human. There  is no mercy in you.  Captain Kirk. Who are you to say what harm was done?  (on stage) Tonight, the Karidian Players  present Hamlet, another in a series of living plays presented in space,  dedicated to the tradition of classic theatre. Hamlet is a violent play  about violent times when life was cheap and ambition was God. [Kirk's quarters] (Two pieces of paper are lined up on his desk)  It's going beautifully. What is it? What's wrong?  No, Father. The time will never come. Tonight, after my  performance, the last two who can harm you will be gone.  There were nine. Now there are only two, and they will be gone  as soon as I. Don't look at me like that.  What had to be done. They had to be silenced.  No Father, not anymore. I'm strong, Father. It's nothing.  We'll be ready. Don't you see? All the ghosts are dead. I've  buried them. There's no more blood on your hands.  But you're safe now, Father. I've saved you. Now, no one can  touch you. Not even Captain Kirk. See Caesar come? He's awed by your  greatness, your shining brightness. Bright as a blade before it is  stained with blood.  Of course. After the play.  Stop it, Father! You have nothing to justify.  I did it for you. I've saved you.  They weren't innocent! They were dangerous! I would have killed  a world to save him!  The play, Captain. He must go on. This is the great Karidian.  You cannot deny him his last performance!  (She grabs the security guard's phaser and runs out onto the stage)  It will become a floating tomb, drifting through space with the  soul of the great Karidian giving performances at every star he  touches. (Kirk moves towards her) I know how to use this, Captain.  Caesar, beware the ides of March.  Father. Father! O, proud, death! What feast is toward in thine  eternal cell, that thou, such a prince at a shot so bloodily hast  struck? The curtain, the curtain rises. It rises. There's no time to  sleep. The play. The play. The play's the thing, wherein we'll catch  the conscience of the king. [Bridge]
