Captain Kirk, I believe. A pleasure to make  your acquaintance, sir.  No need to check your voice telegraph device.  Do I gather that you recognise me?  And appearances can be most deceiving, but not  in this case, James Kirk. I am Abraham Lincoln.  I have been described in many ways, Mister  Spock, but never with that word.  Illusion? Captain, will you permit me to come  aboard your vessel? No doubt you have devices which can check my  reality.  Do you still measure time in minutes?  Then you should be directly over my position  in. There. Exactly twelve and one half minutes. Until then, Captain.  (And the orange planet is back in view)  Strange. Where are the musicians?  Taped music, you say. Well, perhaps Mister Spock will be good  enough to explain that to me later. A most interesting way to come  aboard, Captain. What was the device used?  Well, since I'm obviously here, and quite whole, whatever you  mean apparently works very well indeed. Gentlemen, if those are  weapons, please lower them. At my age, I'm afraid I'm not very  dangerous.  All too human, Doctor McCoy. Happy to make your acquaintance.  Mister Spock, Mister Scott, Mister Dickerson. Gentlemen, I  hope to talk to each of you. But meanwhile, your captain is consumed  with questions and I shall do my utmost to answer them.  And I trust your duties will permit time to answer some of mine. At  your service, Captain.  A most interesting vessel.  (Kirk, Lincoln, Spock and security leave)  You can measure great distances that closely?  Bless me.  What a charming negress. Oh, forgive me, my dear. I know in my  time some used that term as a description of property.  The foolishness of my century had me apologising where no  offense was given.  Yes. Philosophy of Nome, meaning all. How did I know that?  Just as I seem to know that on the planet surface you will meet one of  the greatest living Vulcans in all the long history of your planet. My  mind cannot recall his name, but I know he will be there. What is it  that powers your vessel, Captain? May I see your engine room?  I would be delighted to have her as guide.  Well, I have none. To me this seems quite as it should be.  Please, believe me. I know nothing other than what I have  already told you.  Despite the seeming contradictions, all is as it appears to  be. I am Abraham Lincoln.  I'm afraid none of us may leave, gentlemen, until we do what  it demands of us.  I fear my clothing is somewhat damaged, but how delightful to  discover at my age that I can still wrestle.  For an illusion, my opponent carried a considerable punch. Oh,  I forgot. You consider me an illusion too.  James, the war is forced upon us. History repeats itself.  Supplemental Log, stardate 5906.5. Engineer Scott  reporting. The Enterprise is doomed to explode in two hours  if Captain Kirk is defeated by the enemy on the surface of the planet.  The enormous power of the Enterprise has been neutralised and we sit  here watching, unable to assist.  [Bad man base] Are we fighting a defensive war, James?  Do you drink whiskey?  Because you have qualities very much like those of another man  I admire greatly. General Grant.  Indeed I did.  Perhaps we can rescue him, Mister Spock. Now, I suggest that  we do whatever they want.  Not the way they want it, however. We must first convince them  that they have provoked us to recklessness. James, I do not mean to  presume upon your authority. What I propose is that I circle around to  their rear while you two provide a frontal assault. It should be  sufficiently violent to cover whatever I do.  Why, slip into their camp and free him.  James, James. Remember, I was something of a backwoodsman. I  doubt that you could do what I was bred to.  I am no longer president. Mister Spock, any comment?  One matter further, gentlemen. We fight on their level. With  trickery, brutality, finality. We match their evil.  I know, James. I was reputed to be a gentle man. But I was commander in  chief during the four bloodiest years of my country's history. I gave  orders that sent a hundred thousand men to their death at the hands of  their brothers. There is no honourable way to kill, no gentle way to  destroy. There is nothing good in war except its ending. And you are  fighting for the lives of your crew.  Surak.  (Green and Kahless arrive)  Surak, the others have drawn them away. We will circle around.  It was a worthy effort, Surak. Worthy. No need to blame yourself before  its failure.  (But once untied, Surak is revealed to be dead.)  James, stay back.  (Lincoln finally topples forward, a big spear in his back. Now the  close fighting begins, with Green letting his 'associates' do the hard  work. Zora runs off. Kirk deals with Kahless and helps Spock with Khan.  The bad guys retreat. Kirk chases and catches Green who ends up falling  on his own dagger.) 
