I've heard of it. It's in the United Fleet of Planets?  It was?  I am not a thief.  You're being very loose with your accusations and drawing  conclusions without any facts.  I do not make off with things. My need gave me the right to use  the ship. Mark the word, sir, the use of it.  I'm grateful for your rescue.  My name is Lokai.  From the planet Cheron.  The charge is trifling. I would've returned the ship as soon as  I  You monotone humans are all alike. First you condemn and then  attack. I will answer no more questions.  I'm very tired.  I insist, I'm extremely tired. Made so by your vindictive  cross-examinations. I will answer no more questions.  (Kirk goes to a desk monitor.)  I will not return to Cheron with him, to a land of murdering  oppressors!  Benefactors? He's a liar. He raided our homes, tore us from our  families, herded us together like cattle and then sold us as slaves!  Yes, just education enough to serve the master race.  Why should a slave show mercy to the enslaver?  Freed? Were we free to be men? Free to be husbands and fathers?  Free to live our lives in equality and dignity?  I tried to break the chains of a hundred million people. My only  crime is that I failed. To that I do plead guilty.  Not in a day. And not in ten times ten thousand years by your  thinking. To you, we are a loathsome breed who will never be ready.  Genocide for my people is the plan for your utopia.  I know you and all those with whom you're plotting to take power  permanently. When I return to Cheron, you will understand what power  is. I will have armies of followers.  Captain, I led revolutionaries, not criminals. I demand  political asylum. This ship is a sanctuary.  I will not return to Cheron. Captain, you must guarantee me  sanctuary.  Stop him.  My cause is just. You must help me. All of you must help me.  Kill him. Kill him!  What a fool I am, expecting help from someone like you.  I warned you of his treachery. Kill him!  You speak very well, Captain. Your words promise justice for  all.  Yes, well, I have learned to wait for actions. After Ariannus,  what is justice? I shall wait to see it dispensed.  (Lokai leaves)  And I know from my actions you must all think me a volcanic  hothead, erupting lava from my nostrils at danger signals that are only  figments of my imagination. But believe me, my friends, there can be no  moment when I can have my guard down where such as Bele is present. So  what happens? I act the madman out of the anger and frustration he  forces upon me, and thereby prove his point that I am a madman.  Ah, Mister Chekov, therein lies my lack of ability to alert you  and your captain to the real threat of someone like Bele. You see, you  are from the planet Earth. There is no persecution on your planet. How  can you understand my fear,  my apprehension, my degradation, my suffering?  You have read about it in history, I see. How can I make your  flesh know how it feels to see all those who are like you, and only  because they are like you, despised, slaughtered, and even worse,  denied the simplest bit of decency that is a living being's right? Do  you know what it would be like to be dragged out of your hovel into a  war on another planet? A battle that will serve your oppressor and  bring death to you and your brothers?  [Captain's mess] So this is justice after Ariannus! You have signed my death  warrant. I warned you what to expect. Will you continue to let this  mockery of justice go on? If you are partisans of justice, prove it!  Kill him!  What do you do, carry justice on your tongues? You will beg for  it, but you won't fight or die for it.  You useless pieces of bland flesh. I'll take you with me, you  half-black.  (They lunge for each others throats, and send off electrical charges.)  Remember, Captain, political sanctuary is my right. I am your  prisoner. Honour that right, or the fight will go on and your ship will  burn up.  No one alive?  Your genocidal maniacs did this!  (They attack each other again.)  You're an idealistic dreamer.  (Lokai leaves) 
