Halt! You are of the Earth vessel?  We understand only that he also offers things of value for our  rocks, and he has freely handed us his weapons and other devices. Will  you do the same?  Will you hand us your weapons?  (Phasers and communicators are thrown down at Maab's feet.) [Tent] (Traces of bedouin-style, with low furniture,  plenty of furs and a metal brazier providing warmth and light. There  are two guards outside.)  Their customs are different, Teer.  Laughter, Teer? Is not the Klingon an honoured guest also?  Is it not best to have two who bargain for the same goods?  I speak for many, Teer. Hear the words of the Klingon.  Good, good. Let the Klingons and the Earthmen offer us amusement.  Capellans welcome this.  There are those of us who won't bargain with Earthmen, Akaar.  Let that be your choice, Teer.  (Maab, Kras and the Orange man leave.)  Release him. (Kirk does so.) Akaar is dead. I am the teer.  Perhaps to be a teer is to see in new ways. I begin to like you,  Earthman, and I saw fear in the Klingon's eye.  That too may change, Klingon. [Bridge] You carry a child who would be teer.  No man may touch the wife of a teer.  Klingon. There's nothing to concern you there.  (taking a disrupter from under his cloak) We have them well cared  for, Klingon. Your weapon will be returned when our business is  completed. That was our agreement. [Bridge] The Earthmen make excellent game. Their cleverness has surprised  me.  We will honour our law, and our word to you, Klingon.  It is in order. She is the wife of a teer. (Kras runs off.) No!  Is this what your sworn word means, Klingon?  (Kirk shoots an arrow into Kras' knee. A kligat is thrown, and Spock  shoots the thrower. Kirk downs another. Eleen runs for the Klingon's  phaser but he picks it up first and uses it to blast at Spock's hiding  place.)  Naam.  (But Kras disintegrates him before he can throw his kligat)  (drawing his knife) As teer of the Ten Tribes, I give you back  your life. Mine is now forfeit. Keel, stand ready.  (Maab walks forward, arms out to the side.)  Klingon!  (Kras disintegrates him, and Keel throws his kligat, killing Kras. The  two factions gather at the body. Then a bunch of red-shirts run around  the corner.) 
