This is no surprise since his vessel was baited here so  easily with a simulated message. As you can read in its thoughts, it is  only now beginning to suspect that the survivors and encampment were a  simple illusion we placed in their minds.  You will note the confusion as it reads our thought  transmissions.  You now see the primitive fear threat reaction. The  specimen is about to boast of his strength, the weaponry of his vessel,  and so on. Next, frustrated into a need to display physical prowess,  the creature will throw himself against the transparency.  Despite its frustration, the creature appears more  adaptable than our specimens from other planets. We can soon begin the  experiment. [Briefing room] I read most strongly a recent death struggle in which it  fought to protect its life. We will begin with this, giving the  specimen something more interesting to protect.  [Rigel Seven] The vial contains a nourishing protein complex.  If the form and the colour is not appealing, it can appear  as any food you wish to visualise.  To starve? You overlook the unpleasant alternative of  punishment.  (Pike is surrounded by fire and brimstone, screaming in pain)  From a fable you once heard in childhood. You will now  consume the nourishment.  If you continue to disobey, from deeper in your mind, there  are things even more unpleasant.  (Pike drinks the nourishment then launches himself at the glass wall.  The Magistrate steps back in surprise)  Now to the female.  As you've conjectured, an Earth vessel did crash on our  planet, but with only a single survivor.  We repaired the survivor's injuries and found the species  interesting.  It became necessary to attract a mate.  This is necessary in order to perpetuate the species.  We wish our specimens to be happy in their new life.  With the female now properly conditioned.  First, an emotion of protectiveness. Now one of sympathy.  Excellent.  [Woodland glade] (A picnic spread on a tartan rug, two horses  standing by, a futuristic city in the distance)  Since you resist the present specimen, you now have a  selection.  Each of the two new specimens has qualities in her favour.  The female you call Number One has the superior mind and would produce  highly intelligent children. Although she seems to lack emotion, this  is largely a pretence. She has often has fantasies involving you.  The other new arrival has considered you unreachable but  now is realising this has changed. The factors in her favour are youth  and strength, plus unusually strong female drives.  Wrong thinking is punishable. Right thinking will be as  quickly rewarded. You will find it an effective combination.  (Magistrate leaves)  Your ship. Release me or we'll destroy it.  {Bridge] (The senior officers have taken the navigation  console apart)  As you see, your attempt to escape accomplished nothing.  You are now on the surface where we wished you to be. With  the female of your choice, you will now begin carefully guided lives.  That is your choice. To help you reclaim the planet's  surface, our zoological gardens will furnish a variety of plant life.  Since our lifespan is many times yours, we have time to  evolve you into a society trained to serve as artisans, technicians  Is this a deception? Do you intend to destroy yourselves?  We had not believed this possible. The customs and history  of your race show a unique hatred of captivity. Even when it's pleasant  and benevolent, you prefer death. This makes you too violent and  dangerous a species for our needs.  No other specimen has shown your adaptability. You were our  last hope.  Your race would learn our power of illusion and destroy  itself too.  This is the female's true appearance.  It was necessary to convince you her desire to stay is an  honest one.  And more.  (Beautiful Vina and happy Pike go up the slope and into the elevator)  She has an illusion and you have reality. May you find your  way as pleasant. [Transporter room]
