You'll be sorry.  You expect to eat for free or something? You got to listen to  Goody Two-shoes.  Not that she's a bad-looking broad, but if she really wanted to  help out a fella in need  No!  Look, fella, you take a sip too much of that old wood alky, and,  and almost anything seems like it  I, I, 
We haven't changed course.  We're still in orbit, sir.  Don't touch the controls, sir.  We must remain in this orbit till the bridge orders a change.  I will not disobey an order from the bridge.  You're losing control of yourself. 
Chur-ah. 
Tell Herbert it's no go. 
Affirmative. 
We're only running on impulse engines now.  Ordinarily, we use the warp engines exclusively. 
This is the five thirty news summary. Cape Kennedy. The first  manned Moon shot is scheduled for Wednesday, six am Eastern Standard  Time. All three astronauts who are to make this historic  (Kirk signals it cut off) 
For strength. Many of us have felt the power of our Oracle. This  has been of benefit.  You are not of Yonada.  Where is outside?  So they say, also. (he winces in pain) Many years ago I climbed  the mountains, even though it is forbidden. (another wince)  I am not sure. (wince) But things are not as they teach us. For  the world is hollow, and I have touched the sky.  (Now he clutches his head as he collapses in agony.) 
Your men, Captain. Easy, Farrell. I did your job. Ask the captain.    Mister Chekov was going to make me a chief. You could make me an  officer.  A commission?  Yes, sir.  (Kirk punches him.) 
Scanners reported a ship approaching. We get them now and then.  They're all welcome to use our facilities. You know that.  They came in space normal speed, using our regular approach route,  but they knocked out our phaser batteries with their first salvo.  From then on we were helpless. We weren't expecting anything! Why  should we? We didn't have anything anyone would want.  They poured it on, like, like phasers, only worse, whatever they  were using. I tried to signal them. We called up. Tried to surrender.  We had women and children. I told them that! I begged them! They  wouldn't listen. They didn't let up for a moment.  They hit us a full day before you got there, Captain. No messages  came from us, Captain. Why did they do it? Why? Why did they do it?  There has to be a reason. There has to be a reason!  [Captain's quarters]
It ought to be. It cost a bundle.  KIRK; Get out of 'em.  Hey! 
Vile vixen!  (Kirk grabs his weapon)  Come when you are bidden, slave! (Kirk pushes him down) You need a  lesson in how to use your betters. Who's your master?  There's the mort's accomplice. Arrest him.  They speak at his bidding. Stop his mouth and they'll quiet. 
Attention. Attention. Attention. An announcement from  Fuhrer Headquarters. Today, the Fuhrer has ordered our glorious capital  to be made Zeon-free. Starting at dawn, our heroic troops have begun  flushing out the Zeon monsters who've been poisoning our planet. 
