I fell asleep. We had quite a time in the chem lab picking up  after the storm. Nothing compared to your day, I gather. I heard about  Chekov.  You got lucky. I'm surprised you could be caught off-guard  that way.  You're still in trouble with Starfleet Command. What you've  got in mind this time is beyond me. You're scheming, of course. The  Halkans have something you want, or, is it all some clever means to  advance you to the Admiralty? Kirk. The Cabinet itself?  Really? Well, you must know what you're doing. You always do.  If I'm to be the woman of a Caesar, can't I know what you're up to?  (Their kiss is interrupted by the intercom.)  Let's drink a toast to Spock, The only man  aboard with the decency to warn you, and he'll die for it. They'll  never find another man like him.  Are you going to act against the Halkans before the deadline?  Just get him out of the way, he and his men.  Shall I activate the Tantalus field? You'll at least want to  monitor him, won't you?  I hate this thing.  Of course not. It made you captain. How many enemies have you  simply wiped out of existence by the touch of a button? Fifty? A  hundred? Now, I always thought that was funny, The great, powerful  Captain Kirk who owes everything to some unknown alien scientist and a  plundered laboratory.  You don't rise to the command of a starship or even higher.  (She switches it on, and Spock is seen sitting at his table.)  That magnificent mind of his. But it can't protect him from  this. I press it and he dies. Now?  (Kirk switches it off.)  You really mean it. It doesn't matter. If Spock fails his  order, he'll be killed anyway.  You're not even afraid of Starfleet Command. Can your scheme  bring you that much power so quickly? And what about me? How does  Marlena fit in?  Oiling my traps, darling. I'm afraid I'm a little out of  practice. Maybe that's what happened to us? It's very hard for a  working officer to shine as a woman every minute, and you demand  perfection.  I remember when you used to talk that way.  Prove it.  Ship's business? An important task on the crew deck? Well, I  guess it's over. Commander Kenno will take me temporarily. He's made  that quite clear. I'll call a yeoman to help me with my things.  Are you feeling sorry for me? Do I see hesitation in your eyes  about anything? I want one thing, Captain. Transfer me. On the  Enterprise, I am humiliated! On another ship, I can hunt fresh game.  I've got my rank, and. Don't I? I've been a captain's woman, and I like  it. I'll be one again if I have to go through every officer in the  fleet.  It's been a long time since you've kissed me like that. You're  a stranger. Mercy to the Halkans, mercy to Spock, to me. Am I your  woman?  Take me with you.  But there are only three of you.  Do you know what they'll do to me?  What about me?  Captain Kirk.  Marlena Moreau. I was just assigned last week. 
