McGivers. On my way. [Transporter room] McGivers, sir.  Captain, it's a sleeper ship.  I've seen old photographs of this. Necessary because of the time  involved in space travel until about the year 2018. It took years just  to travel from one planet to another.  What a handsome group of people.  Captain, look here.  (They go to the compartment holding a dark-haired man.)  (dragging herself back from just gazing at the man) Yes, sir.  The leader was often set to revive first. This would allow him to  decide whether the conditions warranted revival of the others.  From the northern India area, I'd guess. Probably a Sikh. They  were the most fantastic warriors.  A man from the twentieth century coming alive.  Do something, Captain.  Magnificent.  Captain's log, supplemental. Alongside the SS  Botany Bay for ten hours now. A boarding party of engineering and  medical specialists are now completing their examination of the  mysterious vessel. Attempts to revive other sleepers await our success  or failure  with the casualty already beamed over. Doctor McCoy is frankly amazed  at his physical and recuperative power.  [Bridge] Doctor, will he live?  I know, sir. I'm sorry.  Not personally, Captain. Professionally. My profession is  historian, and when I find a specimen from the past alive, I'm in the  sheer delight of examining his mind.  Yes, sir, I think they were.  Yes, sir.  (She leaves)  Ship's historian, Lieutenant  Yes.  In a small way.  I don't understand.  I'd like some historical information about your ship, its  purpose and  It's comfortable.  Mister Khan, I'm here on business.  My interest is scientific. Men of. That is, the world of the  past. I'm sure you understand to actually talk to a man of your century    Perhaps some other time, when you feel more like talking about  the past.  It's a gladiator named Flavius. He once  I wanted to apologise. They had no right to treat you that way.  You're no mystery to me. I know exactly who you are.  Leif Ericson, Richard the Lion Heart, Napoleon. I don't know if  you're going to like living in our time.  Please don't.  (Pushes her away.)  I'll stay a little longer.  I only meant  I'd like to stay. Please.  (He takes her hand, then forces her down onto her knees.)  Yes.  Oh, please don't ask me  You won't harm anyone?  No.  Oh, please, Khan, don't ask me  No. I promise. I'll do anything you ask. [Briefing room] (A large picture of their guest in on a screen)  Move away.  (Khan comes in and incapacitates him with pressure at the base of the  skull. She beams him to the Botany Bay.)  [SS Botany Bay] (Freshly revived supermen and women are stretching  their muscles when Khan greets them.)  No!  Khan. There's no reason I must watch this, is there?  Khan said to watch him very closely. He may decide to  co-operate.  (As he turns to look in the porthole, she injects him. He passes out  and she repressurises the chamber, freeing Kirk.)  Captain, I saved your life. Now please don't kill him.  (The outer Sickbay door opens, Kirk waits and then tackles Spock's  guard. Spock neck-pinches him.)  I'll go with him, sir. 
