(an Orion woman) Captain! You're making a mistake.  There's nothing the matter with me! Can't you see just by  looking at me? Can't you tell just by listening?  I am rational.  I can't tell you in front of him.  He isn't really Governor Cory at all, that's just it.  Good bye, darling. I'll miss you.  (Garth-Kirk and Marta leave)  Why can't I blow off just one of his ears?  You're jealous!  Am I annoying you, dearest?  He finds me fascinating and you're bothered by it. Admit it.  No, you won't, because I am the most beautiful woman on this  planet.  Well, I'm the most beautiful woman in this galaxy!  I'm beautiful! And I'm intelligent too. I write poetry, and I  paint marvellous pictures. And I am a wonderful dancer.  If you like.  Shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and  more temperate. Rough winds do shake the darling buds of May, and  summer's lease hath all too soon  Yesterday, as a matter of fact.  Which does not alter the fact that I wrote it again yesterday! I  think it's one of my best poems, don't you?  In the midnight of November, when the dead man's fare is nigh,  and the danger in the valley, and the anger in the sky. I wrote that  this morning. Do you like it?  Tell him what he wants to know and we'll go away together.  But you must. I beg of you.  No, you mustn't do that!  Please, stop it!  Yes.  Listen to me, my Lord Garth. I can get him to tell me what you  want to know.  Slowly, darling, slowly. Rest.  I told him I'd discover your secret. I lied. I would have told  him anything to save you from that torment.  I do. (kisses him) This is where I've longed to be. I think I  knew I loved you from the moment I first saw you.  That's not possible.  Garth is my leader.  I'll help you, but you must wait. You do see that, don't you?  Soon your friend Spock will be here and then  At least I've arranged that much.  A convincing lie told to a guard who finds me desirable.  Darling.  (She kisses him again, then reaches under the pillow for a dagger. Kirk  disarms her, she crawls after the blade and Spock arrives.)  No, you mustn't stop me. He's my lover and I have to kill him.  (Spock neck-pinches her.) 
