Nothing. They said they were being attacked by an unidentified  ship.  Jim, you can't hand over the Enterprise.  Move aside. (he tends to Chekov)  What happened?  Chekov may be right. The Klingons claim to have honoured the  truce, but there have been incidents, raids on our outposts.  What proof do we need? We know what a Klingon is.  (Leaves the turbolift.)  There. Those filthy butchers. There are rules, even in war. You  don't keep hacking at a man after he's down. Hand me that numanol  capsule.  (There's a man with a head wound in another bed, and a security guard  is brought in too.) [Science Lab] (The Klingons access ship's schematics on a desk  monitor)  Truce? Are you serious? I've got men in Sickbay, some of them  dying. Atrocities committed on their persons, and you talk about making  peace with these fiends? If our backs were turned, they'd jump us in a  minute. And you know what Klingons do to prisoners. Slave labour, death  planets, experiments!  While you're talking, they're planning attacks. This is a fight  to the death. We'd better start trying to win it!  Who cares what started it, Mister Spock. We're in it! Murderers.  We should wipe out every one of them!  How many more men must die before you two begin to act like  military men instead of fools? (leaves)  (The intercom whistles.) [Engineering] Brain waves show almost paranoid mania. What happened?  Orderly. Jim. Johnson's heart wound is almost healed. Same with  the other casualties. Sword wounds in the vital organs, massive trauma,  shock. They're all healing at a fantastic rate.  Gentlemen, if we are pawns, you're looking at one who is  extremely sorry.  Let's jump him.  Yeah, out already. 
(offering a drink) Jim.  No change.  Now really, Commissioner, you can't blame the Starfleet.  Sakuro's disease is extremely rare. The chances of anyone  contracting it are literally billions to one.  Jim, we've got to get Miss Hedford to the Enterprise. Her  condition.  Oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere. Some krypton, argon, neon.  Temperature seventy five degrees Fahrenheit. Practically identical to  Earth atmosphere.  Jim, I just took a tricording sweep, and I got the same readings  almost as Spock got when we were pulled off course.  I think so, only it reads here on the surface with us. It's in  that direction, and it doesn't read solid. It's more unstable, tenuous,  like a collection of gases.  Pleasure.  He's human, Jim. Everything checks out perfectly.  Talks a lot, but he doesn't say much.  What's that?  Familiar? Now that you mention it, he does.  No temperature yet, but we've got to get under way soon, Jim. I  guarantee you, it will develop. What are we going to do?  Do you feel hot?  It was quite a hike here. You're tired. Just take it easy for a  while.  Temperature, Captain. First sign.  That's a pretty far out story.  But that's impossible. Zefram Cochrane died a hundred and fifty  years ago.  How do you feel?  You're running a little temperature. Perhaps you should lie  down.  All right. Try to relax. Jim, it's started, the fever. It's over  a hundred, and it's climbing.  A matter of hours, that's all.  Almost a symbiosis of some kind, a sort of joining.  No, it's more than that.  Are you all right?  Spock! Are you all right?  It attacked you?  Oh, yes. I'm not a scientist or a physicist, Mister Spock, but  am I correct in assuming that anything that generates electricity can  be shorted out?  We understand how you feel, Mister Cochrane, but it has to be  done.  Stop it! You're killing them! Stop it, please! Stop it! You're  choking them! Let them go. You're choking them! Stop it!  (Outside, Cochrane hears McCoy's shouts, and somehow calms the  Companion. It vanishes.)  You all right, Jim?  Spock?  What kind of talk is that?  It isn't your fault.  Maybe you're a soldier so often that you forget you're also  trained to be a diplomat. Why not try a carrot instead of a stick?  Yes, for the worse.  Ship's Log. Stardate 3219.8. Lieutenant Commander  Scott recording in the absence of Captain Kirk. A shuttlecraft bearing  the Captain, the first officer, Chief Surgeon McCoy, and Assistant  Federation Commissioner Hedford is now definitely overdue for a  rendezvous with the Enterprise. We are attempting to backtrack it.  [Bridge] You don't? A blind man could see it with a cane. You're not a  pet. You're not a specimen kept in a cage. You're a lover.  There's nothing disgusting about it. It's just another life  form, that's all. You get used to those things.  Right here, Miss Hedford.  You just rest.  What did you hope to gain by that, Jim?  I don't understand it. She's not sick at all.  She's perfectly healthy. Heart like a hammer, respiration  normal, blood pressure normal. This is medically impossible.  Jim, what about that war on Epsilon Canaris Three? 
Is that how you get girls to like you, by bribing them? There  doesn't seem to be anybody around, does there.  Yeah, a little bit, I guess. You see, we walked out of each  other's lives ten years ago. She married Crater, and for all I know she  may have forgotten me completely. Of all the bonehead ideas, Jim, how'd  I let myself in for things like this?  Nancy.  It's good to see you.  You haven't aged a day. Oh, this is Captain Jim Kirk of the  Enterprise.  And Crewman Darnell.  A little less mouth, Darnell.  Plum.  I'll, er, I'll wait for the professor and I'll catch you both at  once.  I'm pleased you're doing well but I'm required to confirm that  fact.  What you want is unimportant right now. What you will get is  required by the book.  Sit down and breathe deeply, please.  You did.  That's me. Didn't she mention I was here?  Well, it certainly hasn't aged her. She looks exactly as I knew  her twelve years ago. Amazing, Jim. Like a girl of twenty five.  I'm not joking, Jim. She hasn't aged a day. She doesn't have a  grey hair on her head.  Well at any rate she doesn't look a day over thirty.  Open your mouth.  The machine is capable of almost anything but I'll still put my  trust in a healthy set of tonsils. Now, open your mouth. (a woman  screams, they dash out, Kirk with his phaser drawn) [Planet  surface]   (Darnell is lying on a rock, Nancy is standing by him)  Dead, Jim. Strange. A red mottling all over his face.  Take it easy, Nancy. Just tell us what you know.  No, no, no, no, it's not that. It's something entirely  different. Jim, I suppose we could complete these examinations later.  She called it a Borgia plant.  Hmm. Well then, this man wasn't poisoned.  She's mistaken. I know alkaloid poison, what to look for.  There's not a trace of it in his body.  Jim, don't tell me my business. He could not have swallowed any.  My instruments would have picked up any trace of it whatsoever.  I'll tell you something else. This man shouldn't be dead. I  can't find anything wrong with him. According to all the tests he  should just get up and walk away from here. I don't know. I'll have the  tests double-checked. My eyes may be tricking me. I swear, Jim, when I  first saw her she looked just as I'd known her ten years ago. Granted,  for a moment I may have been looking at her through a romantic haze.  Yes, sir.   Captain's log, Stardate 1513.4. In orbit around planet M-113. One  crewman, member of the landing party, dead by violence.  Cause unknown, but we are certain the cause of death was not poison. [Bridge]   Dispensary to Captain.  We found something.  I'd rather not put it on the speaker. [Sickbay]   So improbable we almost didn't check it.  This man has no salt in his body at all.  I can't, except that what we normally carry in our bodies is  gone from his.  Except the red rings on his face.  I thought it was, sir. Another error on my part.  Oh, forget it. I probably was mooning over her. I should have  been thinking about my job.  Salt tablets.  Our crewman died of salt depletion. Sudden, total loss of it.  Medically impossible by any standards.  (checking tablets) Salt.  Jim, he's run off.   (Crater finds Sturgeon's body)  Professor Crater!  Jim! Jim, it's Sturgeon. He's dead.  Crewman Green, report! Green! Green, where are you? Could it be  Crater? He came this way.  Same red rings on his face. Have you seen Nancy, Mrs. Crater?  I'm worried about her, Jim. She's not at the quarters, she's not  at the diggings. She could be in trouble. Nancy!  Nancy, it's Leonard!  You can't leave her!  Jim!  All right, Jim. [Turbolift]   McCoy to Bridge. Captain there?  Nope.  Nancy. Well, come in. come in. I've been worried sick about you.  I wonder why Jim didn't tell me he found you.  Well.  Nancy, er  You're as bad as Jim Kirk. He's been telling me to take these.  (lying on bed) I was so worried. Your husband acting strange,  crewmen dying.  The creature leading you a merry chase, Mister Sulu?  Or whatever it is that's killing the crewmen. Perhaps I can  help. Fill me in. [Planet  surface - ruins]   (Spock and Kirk are circling around Crater from different directions)  Yes?  Oh. Well, we could offer it salt without tricks. There's no  reason for it to attack us.  No, it's simply trying to survive by using its natural ability  to take other forms.  And like us, it's an intelligent animal. There's no need to hunt  it down.  Well, I resist using it, but in this case the professor will  give us the truth.  Oh, yes. Of course. [Corridor]   Easy, easy. Nobodies going to  What's going on here, Jim?  Are you insane?  It?  No!  You're frightening her, Jim.  Stop it, Jim!  Are you out of your mind?  No! No! (They struggle for the phaser. Spock gets between Nancy and Kirk.)  I won't shoot Nancy.  Stop it! Stop it, Spock! Stop it! (Nancy sends Spock flying with  one slap)  No. (she goes to Kirk again) No! (She transforms into her  natural state. Kirk screams, McCoy fires the phaser, she changes back into Nancy)  Lord, forgive me. (He fires again and she dies) 
McCoy, Captain.  About our patient.  He'll make it. He'll be stiff and sore for a while, but  he'll be all right.  I don't know, Jim. Maybe I'm imagining  things, and maybe I'm not. You tell me.  Well, as you know, we both brought Lazarus in here and I treated  a deep abrasion on his forehead, right?  Then I bandaged it, I stepped into this room for just a moment  Well, say he's got the constitution of a dinosaur, recuperative  powers ditto. As we both know, I'm a bright young medic with a  miraculous touch. Why then, when I returned, there wasn't a trace of  that wound on his forehead. Not even a bruise. It was like he had never  been injured.  I don't know, Jim. This is a big ship. I'm just a country  doctor. [Rec room] (Lazarus is sitting nearby when the following  conversation takes place.)  This is no joke, Jim. I know what I saw.  He's coming out of it now.  It's all right. You're on board the Enterprise.  How's your head?  Not now, Jim.  He's got to get some rest, Jim. And would you get that muscleman  out of my Sickbay. (gestures at the security guard)  He's in a lot of pain.  Well, don't worry, he's not going anywhere. Not this time.  (But once the medical bay is empty, Lazarus gets out of bed and has a  quick seizure.)  [Briefing room]
Oh, Captain. Got a minute?  It's Spock. Have you noticed anything strange about him?  Well, it's nothing I can pinpoint without an examination, but  he's become increasingly restive. If he were not a Vulcan, I'd almost  say nervous. And for another thing, he's avoiding food. I checked and  he hasn't eaten at all in three days.  Miss Chapel.  Captain.  What's this?  Oh! Vulcan plomeek soup, and I'll bet you made it too. You never  give up hoping, do you?  It's all right. Carry on, Miss Chapel.  (She turns and rings the bell on Spock's quarters. The door opens and  she enters.)  Jim, when I suggested to Spock that it was time for his routine  check-up, your logical, unemotional first officer turned to me and  said,  you will cease to pry into my personal matters, Doctor, or I shall  certainly break your neck.  Come in, Spock. I'm all ready for you.  My orders were to give you a thorough physical. In case you  hadn't noticed, I have to answer to the same commanding officer that  you do. Come on, Spock. Yield to the logic of the situation.  Jim, you've got to get Spock to Vulcan.  No! Now. Right away. If you don't get him to Vulcan within a  week eight days at the outside, he'll die. He'll die, Jim.  I don't know.  There's a growing imbalance of body functions, as if in our  bodies huge amounts of adrenalin were constantly being pumped into our  bloodstreams. Now, I can't trace it down in my biocomps. Spock won't  tell me what it is. But if it isn't stopped somehow, the physical and  emotional pressures will simply kill him.  He does, and he's as tightlipped about it as an Aldebaran  Shellmouth. No use to ask him, Jim. He won't talk. [Spock's quarters] (Spock is staring at the picture of a young girl on  his monitor, but switches it off when the doorbell buzzes.)  Well, that's that.  You can't go off to Vulcan against Starfleet orders. You'll be  busted  I shall be honoured, sir. [Bridge] He called it Koon-ut what?  And they still go mad at this time. Perhaps the price they pay  for having no emotions the rest of the time.  Yeah. Hot as Vulcan. Now I understand what that phrase means.  I wonder when his T'Pring arrives.  T'Pau. Officiating at Spock's wedding?  Leonard McCoy, ma'am.  (pointing at T'Pau's bodyguard) With him?  Ma'am, I don't understand. Are you trying to say that she  rejected him? That she doesn't want him?  I doubt it. Not in his present condition.  You can't do it, Jim.  No. She said their laws and customs were not binding on you.  In this climate? If the heat doesn't get you, the thin air will.  You can't do it!  Jim, listen, if you  These men are friends. To force them to fight until one of them  is killed  Spock! No!  (And Kirk rolls away just in time, then disarms Spock.)  Is this Vulcan chivalry? The air's too hot and thin for Kirk.  He's not used to it.  (holding up a hypo) I can compensate for the atmosphere and the  temperature with this. At least it'll give Kirk a fighting chance.  You're going to have to kill him, Jim.  It's a tri-ox compound. It'll help you breathe. Now be careful!  McCoy to Enterprise.  Have the transporter room stand by to beam up the landing party.  (ends communication) As strange as it may seem, Mister Spock, you're in  command now.  Any orders?  Spock, I  Spock, I  Nurse, would you mind, please?  (Chapel leaves in a slight huff.)  Spock, what happened down there? The girl? The wedding?  There's just one thing, Mister Spock. You can't tell me that  when you first saw Jim alive that you weren't on the verge of giving us  an emotional scene that would have brought the house down. .  Of course, Mister Spock, your reaction was quite logical.  In a pig's eye! 
Some heart flutter. Better risk a few drops of cordrazine.  You were about to make a medical comment, Jim?  (screams) Killers! Assassins! I won't let you! I'll kill you  first! I won't let you! You won't get me! Murderers! Killers!  (He dashes into the turbolift.)  Killers! Killers! I won't let you get me! I'll kill you first! I  won't let you get me! Assassins! Murderers! Killers!  (Scott and a guard manage to grab McCoy, and Spock neck-pinches him. An  army of lancers charge across the doughnut.)  Assassins! Murderers! Murderers! Assassins! You! What planet is  this? (he drops the bottle) No! Don't run! I won't kill you! It's they  who do the killing! Don't run! I won't kill you! [Boarding house] (Jim and Edith are climbing the stairs together.)  I'm glad you got away, too. Why do you think they want to kill  us?  Where? Where are we? Earth? The constellations seem right, but.  Explain! Explain this trick.  Biped. Small. Good cranial development. No doubt considerable  human ancestry. Is that how you're able to fake all of this? Very good.  Modern museum perfection. Right down to the cement beams. Very, very  good. Oh, I'd give a lot to see the hospital. Probably needles and  sutures. All the pain. They used to hand-cut and sew people like  garments. Needles and sutures. Oh, the terrible pain!  (He passes out on the ground and his colour starts to improve. The man  frisks him, finds his phaser and runs off a little way. Then he fiddles  with the phaser, and disintegrates himself.)  [Room] Oh, Miss. That coffee, it just smells wonderful.  I can't. I got to keep moving. I can't let them find me.  The most common question to ask would be, where am I? I don't  think I'll ask it.  The only possible answer would conclusively prove that I'm  either unconscious or demented. This looks like old Earth around 1920  or 25.  I am unconscious, or demented.  I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist. I am Leonard McCoy, Senior  Medical Officer aboard the USS Enterprise.  It's quite all right. It's quite all right dear, because I don't  believe in you, either.  Come in.  Thank you.  No, not particularly. You know, I've convinced myself that this  is all in a cordrazine hallucination, but I've decided you're not.  But if you're not, what are you?  I don't doubt it. What about this place? Do you run it?  Why?  Well, it was for me, at least. You may have saved my life.  Not as wrong as the bottle I drank from. Allow me to show my  gratitude. Perhaps there's something I can do around here to thank you.    A who movie?  Well, I know what a movie is, but.  You deliberately stopped me, Jim. I could have saved her. Do you  know what you just did? 
Now, this is marvellous. the most horrible conglomeration of  antique architecture I've ever seen.  Of course somebody will fix it.  A seizure of some type.  It's dead. It's incredible.  Its metabolic rate. It's impossibly high as if it's burning  itself up, almost as if it aged a century in just the past few minutes.    I wonder what happened to her, that she should be so terrified  of us.  (Someone clears a patch of grime from a window, Spock goes over and  peers in)  Foolie?  You said the Grups got sick. Is that why there aren't any of  them around?  A plague, Captain. That could explain a lot of it.  That creature which attacked us was certainly no child. Perhaps  it died of the disease the girl's talking about.  A veritable zoo of bacteria. Beam down a  biocomputer and a portable electronic microscope. If I'm dealing with  viruses, I'll need better equipment than I have here.  [Bridge] I don't know. Probably the little bugs or whatever they are have  no appetite for green blood.  Spare me the analysis, Mister Spock, please. It is enough that  it works.  Life prolongation. Didn't have much luck, did they?  Captain's Log. Doctor McCoy's biocomputer and a  portable electronic microscope have been beamed down from the  Enterprise. They will be used in conjunction with computer banks  on-board ship.  [Laboratory] Tubular with extreme multiplicability.  Appear to have affinity for nucleic acids. Give me what you have.  Of course. It changes the entire body system. You know that. Of  course you know that. Why?  Glandular, post-pubescent. Could be.  But how do they keep the line going?  She likes you, Jim.  Answers it very well.  A few days ago or a week ago that creature that attacked us  could have been just like Miri. A child entering puberty on this planet  means a death sentence.  Only a matter of time before we all go mad, destroy each other,  till the last of us finally destroys himself.  What about us?  No, but we know what it is and how fast it does it. It's  progressing. We'll begin to feel it inside soon. Intense fever, great  pain in the extremities, fuzziness of vision. Of course, those are the  early symptoms. There'll be more.  I think I've found it.  Only one half intact.  More or less. The idea was to create a new series of diseases, a  chain reaction of viruses meant essentially to extend the life of the  human cell immeasurably.  Is that all, Captain? We have five days, you know.  Jim, We've absolutely got to have those communicators. Without  them, we don't have the computers, and without the computers, we don't  have a chance.  Captain's Log, stardate 2717.3. Three days, seven  hours left to us. Investigation proves that the supply of food in the  area  is running dangerously low. Unless something is done, the children will  starve in a few months. The disease is working on each of us according  to Doctor McCoy's prediction. Our tempers are growing short, and We're  no further along than we were two days ago.  [Laboratory] Would you like to take a crack at it?  Jim, I found something!  [Laboratory] The last slide I examined, I failed to make  the necessary adjustment. The slowing down of my own responses  The disease, Captain, the one they created three hundred years  ago.  A chance. At least it's a race now, and we've just wasted a  minute.  [Old Toy shop] It looks right.  But the question is, what's the dosage?  That's not good enough! This could be it, but we can't test it  without the ship's computers.  That's what the computers will tell us.  We can't wait for those communicators any  longer.  The disease certainly is. How long do we have left? Hours,  minutes? How much longer do you want to wait?  Spock!  And truant officers, I presume. 
I don't like it, Jim. A vessel this size  cannot be run by one computer.  Maybe you're trying to prove that, Spock, but don't count me in  on it.  Very funny. If it could, they wouldn't have  to replace me. I'd resign because everybody else aboard would be  nothing but circuits and memory banks. You know the type, Spock. Jim,  you haven't had much to say about this.  Frankly, the only fact that I'm concerned about is if this thing  doesn't work, there are not enough men aboard to run the ship. That's  begging for trouble.  Doctor Leonard McCoy, senior medical officer.  Is it supposed to do that?  Did you see the love light in Spock's eyes?  The right computer finally came along. What's the matter, Jim?  I think it's wrong, too, replacing men with mindless machines.  Jim, we've all seen the advances of mechanisation. After all,  Daystrom did design the computers that run this ship.  We're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a  machine. When it comes to your job, that's different. And it always  will be different.  Jim, if you have the awareness to ask yourself that question,  you don't need me to answer it for you. Why don't you ask James T.  Kirk? He's a pretty honest guy.  [Bridge] (The Captain's Chair has a new box with two  switches and two lights on it. Kirk flips the switches.)  All the Sickbay systems are shut down until such time as the M-5  is informed there are patients to be cared for.  Dunsel? Who the blazes is Captain Dunsel? (everyone else knows)  What does it mean, Jim? (Kirk leaves the bridge) Spock? What does it  mean?  This isn't chicken soup. I may be just a ship's doctor, but I  make a Finagle's Folly that's known from here to Orion. I strongly  prescribe it, Jim.  (They each take a liqueur glass with dark green liquid.)  To James T. Kirk, Captain of the Enterprise.  Simple but effective.  It's a line from a poem. A very old poem, isn't it?  Jim.  Fantastic machine, the M-5. No off switch.  Normal? That thing's trying to tell us nothing has happened.  There certainly does. Your brilliant young computer just  destroyed an ore freighter. In fact it went out of its way to destroy  an ore freighter!  In which case you'd be guilty of murder.  And communications and fire control.  I'll get the man responsible in the first place. Where is  Daystrom?  Please, Spock, do me a favour and don't say it's fascinating.  Have you found a solution, a way to shut  that thing off?  Learning to kill.  That thing is a danger to us all. Now find some way to shut it  off.  The biographical tape of Richard Daystrom.  Not much, aside from the fact he's a genius.  In his early twenties, Jim. That's over a quarter of a century  ago.  Maybe that's the trouble. Where do you go from up? You publish  articles, you give lectures, then spend your life trying to recapture  past glory.  The M-1 through M-4, remember? Not entirely successful. That's  the way Daystrom put it.  Right. The government bought it, then Daystrom had to make it  work. And he did. But according to Spock, it works illogically.  Jim, if a man had a child who'd gone antisocial, killed perhaps,  he'd still tend to protect that child.  I'm afraid that's the way he thinks about it.  Decoyed. It wanted us to waste our time.  But M-5 doesn't know it's a game.  If that thing cuts loose against unshielded ships, we're in  Of course.  I don't like the sound of him, Jim.  Jim, he's on the edge of a nervous breakdown, if not insanity.  He'll have to be committed to a total  rehabilitation centre. Right now he's under sedation and heavy  restraints.  Compassion. That's the one thing no machine ever had. Maybe it's  the one thing that keeps men ahead of them. Care to debate that, Spock?    But tell me, which do you prefer to have around?  I was just trying to make conversation, Spock. 
The Intrepid is manned by Vulcans, isn't it?  What is it, Spock? Are you in pain?  Come on, Spock, let's go down to Sickbay.  All of my instruments seem to agree with you if I can trust  these crazy Vulcan readings. Spock, how can you be so sure the lntrepid  was destroyed?  (Spock gets off the bed.)  But I thought you had to be in physical contact with a subject  before  Not even a Vulcan could feel a starship die.  But four hundred Vulcans?  Suffer the death of thy neighbour, eh, Spock? You wouldn't wish  that on us, would you?  Sickbay to Captain Kirk. McCoy here.  I'm getting reports from every deck. Half the people on  this ship just fainted.  Not unless she's feeling ill. I've got an emergency here. [Sickbay] There's nothing organic. They all seem to be nervous, weak, and  irritable. They say it happened suddenly, like a balloon popping.  I'm giving them stimulants to keep them on their feet. [Bridge] Yeah, we can handle it, Jim.  McCoy here.  Worse. They're backed up into the corridor.  On my way. McCoy out.  A stimulant.  Two thirds of the personnel are affected.  No. You know you'll get everything I can tell you. But when  there is nothing, what should I say?  (The man at the engineering station collapses.)  Nurse.  I have one. I recommend survival. Let's get out of here.  Sickbay to Captain Kirk.  Jim, according to the life indicators, the energy levels [Bridge] According to the life monitors, we're dying.  [Bridge] We're all dying.  Captain's log, stardate 4308.8. It is now ten  minutes since we entered the zone of darkness. We have stopped engines  while we seek a defence against the energy drain which seems to pervade  the zone.  [Engineering] (Kirk enters and is promptly thrown sideways by a  massive jolt to the ship.)  Stimulants. I don't know how long we can keep this up. [Engineering] But at a dangerously low level. Well, we're still alive. I  suppose that's something. [Briefing room] All I can contribute is the further we  travel into this zone of darkness, the weaker our life functions  become, and I have no idea why. I'm all right. It's those stimulants.  They catch up with you.  That is an amoeba.  Yes, for lack of a better term. It's a very simple form of life.  In fact it's a much simpler form of life than what you're looking at  now. But that thing can apparently perform all the functions that  qualify it as a living organism. It can reproduce, it can breathe, it  can eat, although I don't know what.  It's one of the things we've got to find out. We've got to take  a closer look at it.  Perhaps we could risk the shuttlecraft. Perhaps with a  protective shield  We could send one man in, pinpoint its vulnerable spots.  Who said anything about an order, Jim? You've got a volunteer.  I've done the preliminary work.  All right, so I'd know enough to go slow when we penetrated its  vulnerable spots.  Do you think I intend to pass up the greatest living laboratory  since  Just because the Vulcans failed  You don't think you're going?  Jim, that organism contains chemical processes we've never seen  before and may never see again. We could learn more in one day  Jim  Right. I'll get a few things I need, Jim.  Nothing has been proven yet, Spock. The DNA code analyser will  give you the fundamental structure of the thing. You'll need readings  on three light wavelengths from the enzyme recorder.  You're determined not to let me share in this, aren't you?  Vulcan dignity? How can I grant you what I don't understand?  Good luck, Spock. [Bridge] You want to bet? [Shuttlecraft] Well, all I know is, that soon there'll be two, four, eight, and  more. The entire anti-life matter that that thing puts out  could someday encompass the entire galaxy.  How do you feel?  Spock. Is it me, Jim? Am I so sentimental that I just have to  keep believing that he's still alive in that mass of protoplasm?  It's a disease, like a virus invading the body of our galaxy.  Millions.  Now, isn't that a thought? Here we are, antibodies of our own  galaxy, attacking an invading germ. It would be ironic indeed if that  were our sole destiny, wouldn't it?  Technically, no. Medically, yes. Between the stimulants and the  pressure, I would suggest you try to stay off your feet for a few  minutes.  We couldn't use it. We'd cook ourselves along with that mess of  protoplasm out there  What?  How close are you going to it?  Why? The probe has a range of  How long do you think you can keep taking that stuff? It'll blow  you apart.  Despite what Spock said, it's still plenty sensitive.  Spock?  Shut up, Spock! We're rescuing you. [Shuttlecraft] Don't be so smart, Spock. You botched the  acetylcholine test. 
I'd like to examine the body.  Schmitter didn't burn to death, not in the usual sense, anyway.  Well, there are only fragments of bone and teeth left, but the  plant's physician agrees with me. A chemical corrosion. Almost as if  he'd been thrown into a vat of extremely corrosive acid.  Strong enough to eat anything else that you can think of.  You're creating fantasies, Mister Spock.  Silicon-based life is physiologically impossible, especially in  an oxygen atmosphere.  I still think you're imagining things.  Yes, Captain?  Is somebody injured? What happened?  What in the name of? What is Spock doing?  Help that?  You can't be serious. That thing is virtually made out of stone!    I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer.  (into communicator) That's right,  Lieutenant. Just beam it down to me immediately, and never mind what I  want it for. I just want it! Now move!  I'll let you know.  (The miners come round the corner.)  It won't die. By golly, Jim, I'm beginning to think I can cure a  rainy day.  Help it? I cured it.  Well, I had the ship beam down a hundred pounds of that  thermoconcrete. You know, the kind we use to build emergency shelters  out of. It's mostly silicone. So I just trowelled it into the wound,  and it'll act like a bandage until it heals. Take a look. It's as good  as new.  Oh, she did, did she? Now tell me, did she happen to make any  comment about those ears? 
There was a call for you from the Bridge.  You're discussing tactics. Do you realise what this really comes  down to? Millions and millions of lives hanging on what this vessel  does.  Based on what? Memories of a war over a century ago? On theories  about a people we've never even met face to face?  War is never imperative, Mister Spock.  Amen to that. We're taking a big gamble, Jim. [Bridge] Do we violate the treaty, Captain?  Once inside, they can claim we did. A set-up. They want war, we  furnish the provocation.  Captain, I  But I've got one. Something I seldom say to a customer, Jim. In  this galaxy, there's a mathematical probability of three million  Earth-type planets. And in all of the universe, three million million  galaxies like this. And in all of that, and perhaps more, only one of  each of us. Don't destroy the one named Kirk. [Bridge] (Spock carefully closes the cover on his repairs,  and is reaching up to his station to help himself up when he  accidentally touches a button, turning on a system)  McCoy here.  Twenty two so far. Mainly radiation burns, mostly from the  ship's outer areas. Could have been much, much worse, Captain.  Only one. Tomlinson. The boy who was getting married this  morning. His fiancée  is at the chapel.  (Kirk turns to go, and Rand enters) 
We're being drawn right into it.  You all right?  Scotty? Boma?  Yeoman?  (helping her back into her seat) Upsy-daisy.  What happened?  Partial pressure of oxygen, seventy millimetres of mercury.  Nitrogen one forty. Breathable, if you're not running in competition.  Traces of argon, neon, krypton, all in acceptable quantities.  However, I wouldn't recommend this place as a summer resort.  What do you think our chances are of contacting the Enterprise?  But they'll be looking for us.  Then you don't think they'll find us.  Well, I can't say much for the circumstances, but at least it's  your big chance.  Command. Oh, I know you, Mister Spock. You've never voiced it,  but you've always thought that logic was the best basis on which to  build command. Am I right?  It'll take more than logic to get us out of this.  Or the equivalent weight in equipment.  Mister Spock, life and death are seldom logical.  Not his head, Mister Boma, his heart. His heart. [Rocky ledge] (Latimer and Gaetano are investigating a strange  scraping sound, but the mist is obscuring their vision.)  (coming in from rear compartment) This should save us at least  fifty pounds, Mister Spock.  I can't believe you're serious about leaving someone behind. Now  whatever it is that's out there  I'm not talking about rationality.  Mister Spock, that's your place.  Now look. We may all die here. At least let us die like men, not  machines.  Mister Spock! Something's happening outside. [Outside the shuttlecraft] (They crouch down behind a rock while Spock stands  and listens to that scraping sound)  What do those supersensitive ears make of that, Mister Spock?  Seems logical to me.  Yes.  Right.  (Mears and McCoy leave)  I hope not. Scotty has an idea.  Trouble is, they happen to be our only defence.  Just where are you going?  I don't know. He'll risk his neck locating Gaetano and if he  finds him, he's just as liable to order him to stay behind. You tell  me.  Well, it won't unless we get these phasers back.  (Further on, Spock finds Gaetano's body draped over a rock. He picks  him up in a fireman's lift and heads back to the shuttlecraft with him.  Spears are thrown. McCoy and Boma help him get the body inside.)  [Shuttlecraft] (Scott is still lying in the middle of the floor,  working)  Well, Mister Spock, they didn't stay frightened very long, did  they?  You mean they should have respected us?  Mister Spock, respect is a rational process. Did it ever occur  to you they might react emotionally, with anger?  They were perfectly predictable to anyone with feeling. You  might as well admit it, Mister Spock, your precious logic brought them  down on us.  Studying us, Mister Spock? They seem to learn rather quickly.  And you've brought our furry friends down on us.  That won't be long enough.  It must've worked.  Mister Boma.  Don't be a fool, Mister Spock. We couldn't leave you out there.  We got off!  Mister Spock, remind me to tell you that I'm sick and tired of  your logic.  After that?  Well, at least I lived long enough to hear that. Is there  anything we can do?  Well, Mister Spock, so ends your first command.  How long have we got now, Scotty?  It may be the last action you'll ever take, Mister Spock, but it  was all human.  That's exactly what I mean.  (The front of the little craft starts to glow red, and instrumentation  begins to smoke and crackle.) 
Life science bioscanners are picking up heart beats from  over there. Can't be human, though. They're too faint, and average only  four beats per minute.  We're continuing to pick up some form of heart action over  there. Very faint, very slow. Seems to be coming from about sixty or  seventy bodies, as near as I can tell.  Could be. There's no sign of breathing or other form of  respiration.  The Eugenics Wars.  Now, wait a minute. Not our attempt, Mister Spock. A group of  ambitious scientists. I'm sure you know the type. Devoted to logic,  completely unemotional  Well, if you're actually giving me a choice  No. I signed aboard this ship to practice medicine, not to have  my atoms scattered back and forth across space by this gadget.  It's theoretically possible. I've never heard of it being tested  for this long a period.  Jim, I have a new reading. The lights must have triggered some  mechanism.  We've triggered something, all right. His heart beat's  increasing. Now passing eight beats per minute. There are some signs of  respiration beginning.  Heart beat now approaching forty per minute. The respiration  pattern is firming up.  Heart beat now fifty two and increasing.  Maybe. Heart beat dropping.  Heartbeat now thirty, dropping fast. It's a heart flutter. He's  dying.  He'll die in seconds if we don't.  (Kirk uses something metal in his hand to break the glass and open the  compartment. The man is slid out on a trolley, gasping and awake. He  tries to speak.)  (to nurse) That'll be all. (she leaves)  He'll live.  No, I'm good, but not that good. There's something inside this  man that refuses to accept death. Look at that. Even as he is now,  his heart valve action has twice the power of yours and mine. Lung  efficiency is fifty percent better.  (McGivers enters)  I'd estimate he could lift us both with one arm. It will be  interesting to see if his brain matches his body.  It appears he will, Lieutenant. (leaves)  A pity you wasted your life on command, Jim. You'd have made a  fair psychologist.  Sickbay to lab. Anything new on those bios?  Good. McCoy out.  (Khan sees a display of old medical instruments on the wall, takes a  scalpel, and is back in bed when McCoy walks in to check on him. As the  good doctor leans over, Khan grabs him by the throat and holds the  blade to his neck.)  Well, either choke me or cut my throat. Make up your mind.  You're in (a squeeze makes him lower his voice) You're in bed,  holding a knife at your doctor's throat.  It would be most effective if you would cut the carotid artery,  just under the left ear.  (Khan releases him.)  I was simply trying to avoid an argument. (takes the scalpel)  You're aboard the United Spaceship Enterprise. Your vessel is in tow.  That is correct.  I have a patient here with many questions, Captain.  Jim. A little later might be better.  Very impressive. Are we expecting a fleet admiral for dinner?  Well, there aren't any regulations against romance, Jim.  Well, he has a magnetism. Almost electric. You felt it. And it  could over power McGivers with her preoccupation with the past. [McGiver's quarters] (A crewwoman shows Khan in.)  The last of the tyrants to be overthrown.  No wars until he was attacked.  To be conquered by you. A starship would make that most simple,  wouldn't it?  Jim. Agreed you have the authority 
Void, star desert. The word conjures up pictures of dunes,  oases, mirages.  That doesn't surprise me, Mister Spock. I can't imagine a mirage  ever disturbing those mathematically perfect brain waves of yours.  I second DeSalle's request. What are we waiting for?  One thing is certain. Obviously there's life on that planet.  Where are your storms, Jaeger?  (trying his own communicator) No response.  In the name of heaven, where are we?  (They head down steps into the room, past the Salt Monster in an  alcove)  There's no reading. They're like waxworks figures.  (The main door slams shut, and there's a man in an embroidered coat  playing the harpsichord)  You disappeared from the bridge after Sulu. We've been looking  for you for four hours.  Better say, what is he? I monitored him, and what I found was  unbelievable.  Not in the way we define life. No trace. Zero.  It doesn't even show that he exists at all, alive or dead.  Captain, receiving a transporter signal.  Which means Trelane is not a life form as we know it, or he'd be  beaming through now.  I'm quaking, but I don't know if it's from laughter or terror.  Well, it was a. Oh, forget it.  You should taste his food. Straw would taste better than his  meat, and water a hundred times better than his brandy. Nothing has any  taste at all.  There's that magic word again. Does your logic find this  fascinating, Mister Spock?  Captain, you're not beaming down. 
Then what the devil is happening? Does that mean their atoms are  just floating around out there?  A negative attitude is no good to us. We can't just leave them  out there, wherever they are.  Hope? I always thought that was a human failing, Mister Spock.  It's been nearly an hour. Can people live that long as  disassembled atoms in a transporter beam?  Fascinating? Those people are friends of ours out there, if  they're still alive.  The odds are not good.  Don't quote odds and don't give me anymore dispassionate logic,  Mister Spock. Just keep looking for them.  First time you've ever asked me for anything, and it has to be  an occasion like this.  [Accommodation block] What would account for that, Spock?  You're going to leave here without them and run off on some wild  goose chase halfway across the galaxy just because  you found a discrepancy in a hydrogen cloud?  This is ridiculous. There's nothing out  there. Nothing at all.  Are you suggesting that they could have transported over a  distance of? You're out of your Vulcan mind, Spock.  If they weren't there it's ridiculous to think they could still  be alive. Not after all this time.  He's right, Spock. We've lost Jim and the others on Gamma Two.  Now you've dragged us a dozen light years on some wild hunch that  No, it doesn't. It's still a fancy way of saying that you're  playing a hunch. well, my hunch is that they're back on Gamma Two dead  or alive and I still want another search.  Who said anything about a mutiny, you stubborn, pointed-eared.  All right. If we don't find them here, do we still have another search  on Gamma Two?  Well, at least that gives our landing force a starting point.  Well we're not going to leave them there while we just sit and  wait.  And it may be just a wild goose chase like we've been telling  you.  Well, Mister Spock, if you're going into the lion's den, you'll  need a medical officer.  What the devil's going on?  What in the name of heaven is this? 
What form of radiation was it?  Perhaps your presence will quiet her.  (Spock, McCoy and Coleman leave)  We were too late, Jim. There's nothing could be done.  No, I believe it was celebium. However, Doctor Coleman  disagrees. To be specific is essential because the treatment of  celebium is quite  Did you notice any unusual symptoms while we were gone?  Beaming her up to the Enterprise will be less harmful than  waiting.  No, not entirely. We both agree it's radiation. Doctor Coleman  isn't prepared to say what form of radiation.  It's crucial.  Oh? I didn't know you knew her that well.  Well, you must have been very young at the time, Jim.  I didn't realise that. I shall do everything in my power.  Jim, what are you doing here?  Tests with the ship's equipment shows no signs of internal  radiation damage, Doctor Coleman.  Doctor Lester could be suffering from a phaser stun as far as  the symptoms I can detect, Jim.  You can't do this! On this ship my medical authority is final!  I won't allow it.  It's not necessary, Jim. Can't you see she's coming around?  (Janice opens her eyes, sees Kirk and has flashbacks to the transferal,  just to remind us who is really who)  A sedative is not wise at this time, Captain.  Nurse Chapel, follow your instructions.  (Chapel injects Janice)  I'll let my record speak for me.  That is not the reason I'm here. I'm here because Doctor  Coleman's record states that he's incompetent.  No, sir. That is the opinion of Starfleet Command. I checked  with them. Doctor Coleman was removed from his post as Chief Medical  Officer of his ship for administrative incompetence.  As well as flagrant medical blunders.  Not in Starfleet Headquarters, Captain. And certainly not in the  Surgeon General's office.  I appreciate the fact that you had a decision to make. I also  find myself in that position now, Jim, and I'm asking you to report for  an examination.  Development of emotional instability and erratic mental  attitudes since returning from that planet.  I'll let Starfleet Command be the judge of my motives.  But you will submit to Starfleet regulations, and they state  that the ship surgeon will require full examination of any crew member  that he has doubts about, including the captain.  (intercom whistles)  These tests should help me pinpoint the  cause of Jim’s illness.  Yes, well what worries me most is that Jim seems completely  unaware that something is wrong with him. We've got to make him realise  that something serious is happening before treatment can even begin.  One of us should be able to get to him. I keep looking for an  approach, but the speed at which the illness has traveled makes it  doubly difficult.  You know headquarters, Spock. They're only interested in results  of specific tests. So far all we have to offer are our opinions.  I'll use my medical authority to enforce it if necessary.  Well, then, so be it. Our responsibility is clear.  Well, it's worth a try. Why don't you try to get to Doctor  Lester while I examine Jim.  (Kirk enters)  Jim!  Captain.  (McCoy and Kirk re-enter the exam room) [Outside Lester's room] That's enough. That's enough. Your heart will last forever,  Captain.  In the pink, as usual. Liver, kidney, blood count, metabolic  rate. Everything, even your glands, functioning at their usual, normal  peak of efficiency.  Don't get dressed yet.  Physically.  The Robbiani dermal-optic is crucial. It reveals the basic  emotional structure. You had one once before. Now I need another one to  compare with that previous test. There should be no change in your  dermal-optic reactions to the colour wavelengths. Over here, Captain.  Over here, Captain. [Janice's room] Now lower your arms and open your eyes. [Janice's room] There is no positive evidence of any disorder. [Janice's room] I'm sure everything's going to be all right.  Examining you.  Yes, that's correct.  The captain is in the best of physical condition. His emotional  and mental state is comparable to the time that he assumed command of  the Enterprise.  Scotty.  I've been through this with Spock. He's not being scientific and  neither are you.  Don't you think I know that? My tests show there's nothing wrong  with the captain. Now that's the only fact Starfleet's going to be  interested in.  I don't know.  We don't know that.  We're talking about mutiny, Scotty.  Yes. I'm ready for the vote. [Courtroom] We're talking about mutiny, Scotty.  That's enough. We know what was said.  Then it's possible the transference can be broken.  Of course. Come with me. 
That's what I've recorded, Mister Spock.  Well, I can't give you any specific circumstance that will  explain him.  Yes, I would agree. That's the case here.  Well, I can't give you one, Jim. I've never worked on anyone  like him or anything like him.  When in doubt, the book prevails, Mister Spock. I've run tests.  Blood is blood, even when it's green like yours.  The organs are there. They're rearranged to a degree, plus a few I've  never seen before. Now, I've enriched the oxygen content of his blood  and pumped in a strong stimulant. And I must say his recuperative  powers appear to be excellent.  Well, touch and go there for a minute, but you're out of danger  now.  Well, however we view him, Captain, he's certainly no ordinary  specimen. Lokai, I don't know what's normal for you exactly, but if I  had your readings, I'd be the most incredible physical specimen of all  time.  Unless we get more information from him, it'll have to serve.  (Intercom whistle) 
Jim. The Captain's neck is broken.  McCoy here. [Defiant Bridge] I'd say these people killed each other.  You heard correctly, Jim. These people  killed each other. [Defiant Bridge] According to the ship's log, the medical surgeon down here  didn't even know what was going on. [Defiant Sickbay] The best I can do is get all the readings I  can get and analyse them later. [Defiant Corridor] (McCoy kneels beside a slightly fuzzy crewman lying  on the floor, and reaches out to touch him. His hand passes through the  body.)  What the devil?  Jim, this ship is dissolving. My hand just  passed through a man [Defiant Bridge] And a table.  What happened, Mister Spock?  Did anyone notice anything peculiar in his behaviour before  this?  Did he seem to be getting hysterical?  Take Mister Chekov to Sickbay. Put him under restraint.  (Scott and the security guards leave with Chekov.)  That's what I was afraid of. Whatever it was that drove the crew  of the Defiant to murder each other could be communicable.  Time. By the way, Mister Spock, I think it might be a wise  precaution to put some distance between us and the Defiant.  How long will that take?  Spock, are you sure that Jim is still alive?  If we could only find the proper filtering agent, we might be  able to solve this problem. Negative. It's the third failure.  (The lab assistant is starting to go like Chekov.)  Nurse, take this sample and run an analysis on it.  Thank you, nurse. Call security. I want to have some checks run  on this man. [Bridge] McCoy to Bridge.  Has the Captain been beamed aboard yet?  When is that interphase going to happen? [Bridge] I thought you had the thing timed out. [Bridge] You mean you don't know whether you're going  to be able to recover the Captain or not?  You can't wait for the next one. We've had  another case like Chekov. [Bridge] I had to confine my orderly to sickbay.    The disease is not transmitted by the men,  Mister Spock. The cause is the area of space we're in. It's affecting  the whole crew.  [Bridge] The molecular structure of the brain  tissues in the central nervous system are distorting. [Medical lab] And the madness that affected the Defiant's  crew will soon happen to the Enterprise. [Bridge] Now you've got to get this ship out of  here.  What's the use of this battle, Spock? You've lost Jim. Take this  ship out of here.  Are you satisfied? Spock, why did you do it?    You should've known what could've happened and done everything  in your power to safeguard your crew. That is the mark of a starship  Captain, like Jim.  It's still negative, Mister Spock. Theragen is the most  promising substance tested so far. We're progressing.    My staff is working around the clock. My being there will not  affect the biochemistry of any of the tests. This service requires my  personal attention, Mister Spock.  (He sits next to Scott.)  Take him to Sickbay. Put him in restraint.  There is a duty to be performed in the Captain's quarters, which  requires our presence.  The Captain left a message tape. It was his order that it be  reviewed by both of us, should he ever be declared dead. You have just  declared Jim dead.  Why? Are you afraid it'll change your present status?  The Captain's last order is top priority, and you will honour  that order before you take over. [Kirk's quarters] (looking at a medal) He was a hero in every  sense of the word, yet his life was sacrificed for nothing. The one  thing that would have given his death meaning is the safety of the  Enterprise. Now you've made that impossible, Mister Spock.  Maybe not the same one. I really came here to find out why you  stayed and fought.  Yes, he would, Mister Spock, but you didn't have that decision  to make. What would you gain by fighting the Tholians? You could have  assured yourself of a captaincy by leaving the area. But you chose to  stay. Why?  You mean to be sure if he was dead. Well, you made certain of  that.  Yes, I have something to do. If this crew is to survive, I have  to find an antidote to this space you've locked us into.  There's no hurry, Mister Spock. The antidote probably doesn't  concern you. Vulcans are probably immune, so just take your time.  (Spock enters the combination to the Captain's safe.)  I must admit I don't understand you, Spock, but I just can't  believe that you would want Jim's command.  You must know that if you get us out of this situation, they'll pin a  medal on your chest and give you command of the Enterprise.  I would like to remedy that situation.  Spock, I, er, I'm sorry. It does hurt, doesn't it?  Of course you have, Uhura. We would all like to  Of course.  We're going to Sickbay.  Yes, Nurse.  Yes, it's beginning to spread generally throughout the ship.  No, except I'm positive that it's a theragen derivative that's  the answer. And it better be the next one.  (The web is getting close to completion all around the Enterprise.)  [Sickbay] (Whilst Chekov writhes against invisible foes,  Uhura lies quietly on the bed.)  Well, nobody saw him but you, Uhura.  I don't think so.  No, no. We're working hard. We'll find an antidote. [Engineering] (O'Neil has a dizzy spell.)  Sounds like a horror story. Suppose there's any truth in it?  Do you suppose they're seeing Jim because they've lost  confidence in you?  It's getting critical. There have been a number of assaults down  on the lower decks. Even Scotty's being affected. If Scotty goes under,  that's the finish of whatever chance we have of getting the Enterprise  out of here.  Spock! It must be this space. It's getting to me too. I know  it's nothing you've done, Spock. I, I'm sorry.  Yes, Uhura, you're fine.  It was real.  We all saw him. The Captain's still alive.  McCoy here.  I'll be right there. [Spock's quarters] Compliments of the house. To your good health and the health of  the crew.  Yes, and I've ordered it orally or intravenously for everyone  aboard the ship. I would like for you gentlemen to drink it down.  He's his smiling self again. I've discharged him from Sickbay.  It's a diluted theragen derivative.  That's right, and in this derivative, mixed with alcohol, it  merely deadens certain nerve inputs to the brain.  One good slug of this, and you can hit a man with phaser stun,  and he'd never feel it or even know it.  It should.  Well, drink it down, Spock. It's the human thing to do. That's a  medical order, Captain. [Bridge] McCoy here.  I'm ready, Mister Spock. [Bridge] Welcome home, Jim.  [Bridge] Oh, we managed. Mister Spock gave the orders, and I found the  answers.  He means when humans become involved with Vulcans, Jim.  What orders are you referring to, Jim?  Oh, those orders. Well, there wasn't time. We never had a chance  to listen to them. 
What's on, Jim?  The man is dead.  Scott and Sulu?  Whatever this stuff is, it's getting thicker. Suppose that has  anything to do with the interference?  Listen. Now, what do you think that  That was a pretty real illusion, Mister Spock.  (They walk on again.)  Jim.  (There is a castle hewn from the local rock, and a door is opening.)  Is this how we lost contact with the first landing party?  Then it would affect Spock's tricorder too, wouldn't it?  KIRK; Would it? I wonder.  (They approach the edifice cautiously, then enter.) [Castle] (They are greeted by an angry, spitting black cat,  wearing a large gem on its collar. It runs off, tail bristling.)  Three witches, what appears to be a castle and a black cat.  Dust, cobwebs. Halloween is right.  (The black cat is ahead of them when the stone floor gives way and  dumps the trio into )  [Dungeon] (Reasonably well equipped out of Edgar Allen Poe -  rack, skeleton in iron cage - and our heroes chained to the wall.)  You were saying something about trick or treat.  Could this be an Earth parallel development of some sort?  They appear to be drugged, Jim. Look at their eyes. Hardly blink  at all.  They're going to release us.  (Sulu undoes their shackles and they start to leave. They begin to  fight, but suddenly)  [Drawing room] That cat.  Familiars?  He doesn't know about trick or treat.  We're not hungry.  These look real.  Tests?  You kept Scott and Sulu as catspaws to lure us down here. How'd  you know we'd come?  What happened, Jim?  Too late. All of this, just an illusion. 
How long have you had that thing, Lieutenant?  Well, in that case, you got a bargain.  Lieutenant, do you mind if I take one of these down to the lab  to see what makes it tick?  I won't harm a hair on its head, wherever that is.  Hi, Jim.  Let me guess. Klingons? Baris?  Just one.  You noticed that, huh? Here. This ought to take care of it.  I haven't figured that out yet, but I can tell you this much.  Almost fifty percent of the creature's metabolism is geared for  reproduction. Do you know what you get if you feed a tribble too much?  No. You get a bunch of hungry little tribbles.  What's the matter, Spock?  Don't tell me you've got a feeling.  Does everything have to have a practical use for you? They're  nice, soft, and furry, and they make a pleasant sound.  It's a human characteristic to love little animals, especially  if they're attractive in some way.  Spock, I don't know too much about these little tribbles yet,  but there's one thing that I have discovered.  I like them better than I like you.  Yes?  What's that?  Yes? Did you want to see me, Jim? Don't look at me. It's the  tribbles who are breeding. If we don't get them off this ship, we're  going to be hip deep in them.  The nearest thing I can figure out is they're born pregnant,  which seems to be quite a time saver.  And from my observations, it seems they're bisexual, reproducing  at will. And, brother, have they got a lot of will.  Jim, I think I've got it. All we have to do is quit feeding  them. We quit feeding them, they stop breeding.  A lot of them are dead. A lot of them are alive, but they won't  be for long.  I haven't figured out what keeps them alive yet. All right, if I  find out anything, I'll let you know. (leaves)  (scanning him) Heartbeat is all wrong. His body temperature is.  Jim, this man is a Klingon.  Oh, yes. It was poisoned.  Yes. It's been impregnated with a virus. The virus turns into an  inert material in the bloodstream. The more the organism eats, the more  inert matter is built up. So after two or three days, they reached a  point where they couldn't take in enough nourishment to survive.  That is essentially it.  And you won't find a tribble on this entire ship.  I cannot take credit for another man's work. Scotty did it.  Tell him, Spock. 
Was she hurt by the fall or the action of the disturbance?  Well, I think she's coming around now.  You let me be the judge of that. Do you feel like walking to  Sickbay?  Are the readings corresponding, Nurse?  Thank you.  (Scott enters)  Lieutenant, there are four hundred and thirty people aboard this  ship. You're the only one that passed out, and I want to know why.  This whole thing is a new experience for all of us.  Well, if we can get on with this, Scotty, we might make that  determination. Now then, tell me. What did you feel before you passed  out?  Nothing?  Lieutenant  Lieutenant, you're being completely unco-operative!  I'll put the facts into your record, if I can get them.  Perhaps you can explain to her that any career she hopes for in  Starfleet requires discipline and co-operation.  McCoy here, Jim.  I think she's in good shape.  Somehow, I find transporting into the  darkness unnerving.  Over here, Captain!  Not a thing, Jim. (the woman's mouth is moving) The same garbled  sounds Lieutenant Romaine made when she fainted after the storm.  Absolutely sure.  She's dead.  Severe brain haemorrhaging due to distortion of all neural  systems, dissolution of autonomic nervous system. All basic personality  factors, Captain.  Each had a different centre of brain destroyed, cause unknown.  Yes, Captain. I can be more detailed when we return to the ship  and use the ship's computers.  (Mira beams in)  We found one person in there just barely alive. The rest were  dead, and we  (Mira runs to see)  Yes, Captain.  I can have her ready in a few minutes.  Go easy on her, Jim. She's in a pretty bad  state.  Of course you didn't. I told the Captain.  Romaine, Mira. Lieutenant. Place of birth, Martian Colony Number  Three. Parents, Lydia Romaine, deceased. Jacques Romaine, chief  engineer, Starfleet, retired.  Yes, Captain.  Occasional and teenage routine incidents.  None.  No, Captain, not empathic. However, an extremely flexible and  pliant response to new learning situations is highly marked.  After our phasers hit that thing, I gave Lieutenant Romaine a  standard Steinman analysis. The results might be interesting.  The comparison of our Steinman with Starfleet records shows that  Lieutenant Romaine's fingerprints, voice analysis, all external factors  remain exactly the same as before. However, according to two  hyperencephalograms, her brain wave pattern has been altered.  That's what I was taught. But the BCP is just as consistent as  fingerprints.  That's right, Spock. But exceptional pliancy was indicated. That  might be a factor.  Yes, Mister Spock. That is tape deck D, brain circuitry pattern  of Lieutenant Mira Romaine.  Nurse Chapel followed this every step of the way. There can be  no error.  There has been no error.  She could kill us all in this state.  The girl’s life reading is becoming a match to the Zetarians.  She's losing.  Jim, you realize the pressure needed to kill the Zetars might  kill the girl too.  The Zetars are growing stronger.  The pressure is dangerously high, Captain. It may damage her.  We've done it, Jim. They're gone.  Reduce the pressure very, very gradually, Spock.  Lie perfectly still, Lieutenant. Try not to move at all. Take  deep, regular breaths. Now, don't hold it. Continue to breathe deeply.  In, out. In, out. That's it. Now, you'll be in there another twenty  minutes, so why don't you just try to relax?  When the personality of a human is involved, exact predictions  are hazardous.  However, despite Starfleet judgment of the pliancy of the  Lieutenant, she put up a valiant struggle to retain her identity, and I  find that encouraging.  There are no howevers about it, Mister Spock. It was a factor,  and it will be a factor in the girl's recovery.  Well, I should think work would be a better therapy. 
He's dead, Captain.  Cyalodin.  No, Jim. No indication of any kind.  They seem completely secure and unafraid.  I don't insist, Jim, but I can't dismiss the possibility.  What those children saw is incredible, Jim. The way those deaths  occurred, any reaction is possible including lacunar amnesia. That's my  diagnosis. Until specific tests can be made, it remains that.  Not until the fabric of the traumatisation weakens or you come  up with another explanation for their behaviour.  Forcing them to see this experience now could cause permanent damage.  Come on. It's time to be going.  The tests show no evidence of tensions due  to lying. They behave as though nothing had gone wrong. They check out  sound physically. There are no signs of any foreign biochemical  substances to account for their present state. I have no answers, Jim.  Well, can't it wait till we get to a Starbase hospital so they  can be checked out by child specialists?  Well, I won't prevent you questioning them, but it could harm  the children if you do.  Be careful. [Rec room] Or by misleading the innocent.  Do you mean the children may be involved?  I think I read you, Jim, but as medical officer I must warn you  that unless the normal grief is tapped and released from these  children, you are treading dangerously.  They're crying, Jim. I don't know how it happened, but it's good  to see.  Yes. It's all right. We can help them now. 
Dress uniforms, spit and polish. I don't know how much longer  I'm going to be able to stand this. I feel like my neck's in a sling.  Sure. A formal reception tonight, a hundred  and fourteen delegates aboard for two weeks, thirty two of them  ambassadors, (Spock joins them) half of them mad at the other half, and  the whole lot touchier than a raw antimatter pile over this Coridan  question.  (Intercom whistles)  How does that Vulcan salute go?  (Spock demonstrates - right hand with the fingers separated into a  V-sign.)  That hurts worse than the uniform.  (A couple are escorted from the shuttlecraft.)  Ambassador.  Mister Ambassador, I understand you had retired before this  conference was called. Forgive my curiosity, but as a doctor, I'm  interested in Vulcan physiology. Isn't it unusual for a Vulcan to  retire at your age? After all, you're only a hundred and two.  Spock, I've always suspected that you were a little more human  than you let on. Mrs. Sarek, I know about the rigorous training of the  Vulcan youth, but tell me, did he ever run and play like the human  children, even in secret?  Sehlat?  A teddy bear?  A teddy bear.  His neck was broken. By an expert.  Well, from the nature and location of the break, I'd say the  killer knew exactly where to apply pressure to snap the neck instantly.    Interesting? Spock, do you realise that makes your father the  most likely suspect?  His neck was broken, Mister Ambassador, by what Spock describes  as tal-shaya.  It's difficult to say with Vulcan physiology, but I believe it's  something to do with his cardiovascular system.  I don't know that yet either.  [Bridge] As far as I can tell from instrument readings, our prime suspect  has a malfunction in one of the heart valve. It's similar to a heart  attack in a human. But with Vulcan physiology, it's impossible to tell  without an operation. Mrs. Sarek, has he had any previous attacks?  I'm not sure. It's tough enough on a human. On a Vulcan, an  ordinary operation's out of the question.  Well, I'm glad somebody's asking me something around here. Well,  the procedure they're discussing would require tremendous amounts of  blood for the patient.  Yes.  Yes, I'd say that's rare.  Even you couldn't give that much blood, Spock. It would kill  you.  Mrs. Sarek, you must understand the chances are extremely small  to find a way to produce sufficient T-negative blood.  I see it, Spock, but that was a Rigelian.  Similar is not good enough. It's still experimental.  Spock, we would need such great amounts of blood that, even if  the drug worked on the Vulcans as well as a Rigelian, which I'm  doubtful, it would still drain Sarek to a critical level.  Plus the fact I've never operated on a Vulcan before. Oh, I've  studied the anatomical types. I know where all the organs are. But  that's a lot different from actual surgical experience. So if I don't  kill him with the operation, the drug probably will.  A chemical stimulant to speed up reproduction and replacement of  blood in the body. It's only experimental.  It places a tremendous strain on the spleen and the liver. In  Sarek's condition, the stimulant would kill him.  What has that got  It could damage you internally. It could kill you. I'm sorry,  Spock. I can't sanction it.  It's a bad wound. Punctured left lung. A  centimetre or so lower, it'd have gone through the heart.  Spock, your father is much worse. There's no longer a choice. I  have to operate immediately. We can begin as soon as you're prepared.  What?  You can turn command over to Scotty.  Now let that be a lesson to you. Just lie there and be happy  you're still alive.  Not good. If I could only operate.  I was. When you became injured, Spock assumed command. He's  going to stay there until you're back on your feet, even if it costs  Sarek his life. Regulations.  Jim, if you stand, you could start to bleed again.  I've certified him physically fit, Mister Spock. Now since I  have an operation to perform and both of us are required  Readings, Nurse.  I wish I knew whether that was good or bad. Initiate sterile  field.  Where do you think you're going?  My patients don't walk out in the middle of an operation.  So is your father's life.  [Bridge] One more like that, and I'm going to lose  both these men.  (Spock is awake again.)  [Bridge] (Another attack.)  Cardio-stimulate.  (Another jolt.)  Then get me that old portable cardio-stimulator.  (She fetches a hand-sized device from a trolley.)  Call engineering and have sickbay systems put on priority.  [Bridge] Are you quite through shaking the ship around?  I don't mind telling you, you sure make it difficult for a  surgeon trying  That pig-headed Vulcan stamina. I couldn't have pulled them  through without it.  Orion?  If you keep arguing with your kindly family doctor, you're going  to spend your next ten days right here. If you co-operate, you'll be  out in two.  You are at your station, Mister Spock.  Shut up. (to Kirk) Shh. Shh! (to camera) Well, what do you know?  I finally got the last word. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Commodore? Commodore Decker? (he injects him)  Jim, give him a minute. He's in a state of shock.  This whole thing's incredible. A robot? A machine like that, who  would build it?  But why?  No. I'm a doctor, not a mechanic.  The first thing we're going to do is get you back to the  Enterprise.  Come on. [Bridge] No casualties, Mister Spock. How are we  doing?  In plain, non-Vulcan English, we've been lucky.  You can't let him do this, Spock.  So are you, sir. Well, Spock?  To blazes with regulations! You can't let him take command when  you know he's wrong!  I'll certify that right now.  Now, you know I haven't had time to run an examination on him.  What about the Captain? We can't leave  Spock, do something! 
Well, I just might stake out a claim and settle down here, Jim.  It's a shame to have to intrude.  More like the Garden of Eden, Ensign.  Dead.  Jim, I don't like this.  Some of the thorns like those that killed Hendorff. See the  stuff on the end? It's like saplin, only it's a thousand times  stronger.  I filled him with enough masiform D to make the whole crew turn  handsprings, and he's not responding. Got to get him back to the ship,  Jim.  If your blood were red instead of green, you wouldn't have an  upset stomach.  Jim, you couldn't have stopped any of this.  Well, there goes paradise.  Incredible.  I just ran a thorough check on the natives, and there's a  complete lack of harmful bacteria in their systems, no decalcification,  no degeneration of tissue, no arteriosclerosis. In simple terms, Jim,  they're not growing old, and I can't begin to tell you how old they  are, twenty years or twenty thousand years.  What's going on, Jim?  It would take a computerised Vulcan mind such as yours to make  that kind of a statement.  There are certain absolutes, Mister Spock, and one of them is  the right of humanoids to a free and unchained environment, the right  to have conditions which permit growth.  Jim, you're not just going to stand by and be blinded to what's  going on here. These are humanoids, intelligent. They need to advance  and grow. Don't you understand what my readings indicate? There's been  no progress here in at least ten thousand years. This isn't life. It's  stagnation.  It might work for you, Mister Spock, but it doesn't work for me.  Humanoids living so they can service a hunk of tin.  From a machine? That I'd like to see. [Vaal] Second degree burns. Not serious, but I'll bet they smart.  Jim  Fine time to ring the dinner bell.  I don't agree with you at all, Mister Spock.    Jim, I want you to hear this.  We put those people back on a normal course of social evolution.  I see nothing wrong in that. 
A cage is a cage, Jim.  And, of course, your people found an answer.  Abnormal, of course, but it's not  schizophrenia, tissue damage, or any condition I'm acquainted with,  Jim. And you know after getting him here, it took almost a triple dose  of sedative to put him under.  But not very informative. He claimed one thing, then he seemed  to forget, and then he'd start to claim something else, but always with  just the ring of truth in it. I'd sure like to study this one, Jim.  You see what I mean?  Erased?  Jim, that doesn't quite ring true.  I don't believe him. I can't explain it, but the more I study  that patient  Jim  Jim, listen!  There are no superior facilities, he knows that. But that's not  the question. If something unusual is going on down there  I'm required to enter any reasonable doubts into my medical log.  That requires you to answer in your log. Sorry, Jim.  Yes, sir.  Captain's log, stardate 2715.2. Standard orbit,  planet Tantalus V. [Bridge] Van Gelder's still violently agitated, Captain.  Oh, I'm assigning your technical aide, Captain. One  of our psychiatrists does have a background in rehabilitative therapy.  Doctor Noel, standing by in the transporter room now.  McCoy here. Received and understood. [Adam's study] But we still have some doubts up here,  Captain. Can you tell us any more?  Spock, if there's the slightest possibility  it might help.  If there's any way we can look into this man's mind to see if  what he's seeing is real or delusion  Now look, Spock, Jim Kirk could be in real trouble. Will it work  or not?  I understand. (Spock puts his hands on Gelder's face) Good, the  reading's levelling.  Jim! (Kirk turns machine off)  He's dead, Captain.  It's hard to believe that a man could die of loneliness. 
They're quite large. Seven feet tall is not  unusual. They're extremely fast and strong. Lieutenant?  (Uhura turns on a monitor) Make no mistake. They can be highly  dangerous. The Capellans' basic weapon, the kligat. At any distance up  to a hundred yards, they can make it almost as effective against a man  as a phaser.  (On the monitor, we see McCoy being given a demonstration in which a  small sapling is cut in half by one of these hand-thrown objects.)  In addition, an assortment of swords and knives.  Only a few months. We found them totally uninterested in medical  aid or hospitals. They believe only the strong should survive.  Agreed. Once they've got it into their heads we're showing  force, you can forget them signing any mining treaty.  We come with open hearts and hands.  Don't move a muscle.  Captain's log, stardate 3497.2. Planet Capella  Four. The rare mineral topaline, vital to the life-support systems of  planetoid colonies, has been discovered in abundance here. Our mission,  obtain a mining agreement. But we've discovered a Klingon agent has  preceded us to the planet. A discovery which has cost the life of one  of my crewmen.  [Settlement] Jim!  Does Maab know that the Klingons are our sworn enemies by their  own words?  Yes, I mentioned that.  Because he was drawing a weapon on another of their guests.  Look, Jim. I know what it means to you to lose a crewman.  Yes, Captain?  I understand.  You've shown friendship by handing over our weapons. She's  making a gesture in return.  (She offers Kirk a piece.)  Jim! You touch it, her nearest male relative will have to try to  kill you. They're offering you a chance for combat. They consider it  more pleasurable than love.  Let me take this, Jim. What Maab has said is true. Our customs  are different. What the Klingon has said is unimportant, and we do not  hear his words. I just called the Klingon a liar.  Captain, careful.  Captain, I'm going to fix that woman's arm. They can only kill  me once for touching her.  Let me see that arm.  Now listen, you may be a Capellan woman and the widow of a high  teer, but I'm a doctor, and it's my tradition to care for the sick and  injured. Now, let me see that arm.  (She does, and he treats the burn. Meanwhile, Kirk spots the posse  coming after them.)  (McCoy scans Eleen's belly, then puts his hand on it.)  You listen to me, young woman. I'll touch you in any way or  manner that my professional judgment indicates.  (She slaps his face, twice, so he slaps her in return.)  Just as I thought. It can come anytime now.  Because I'm a doctor, that's how I know.  Capellans aren't human, Jim. They're humanoid. There's certain  internal differences. I don't have equipment to handle an emergency.  Forget it. I can do it. The last thing I want around is a  ham-handed ship's captain.  (They continue their climb up the canyon. It is steep and Eleen is  struggling. Kirk goes to help.)  I'll need help getting her in there.  Look, I'm a doctor, not an escalator! Spock, give me a hand!  Just a minute. Let me get her on the rock. There you go.  (Kirk puts the tablet on a rock and hits it with his knife. It bursts  into flame and the whole cave is illuminated. Eleen is in pain.)  No a right cross.  It's in mine from now on.  Easy, easy. I'm here. Now you must want the child!  So they take all the credit here. Poppycock! Answer me. Do you  want my help? Answer me. Do you want my help? (she nods) All right. Say  to yourself, The child is mine. The child is mine. It is mine!  No, no. You've got it all wrong.  No. Say to yourself, The child is mine. It is mine. It is  (But she has made up her mind, and the child is coming anyway.)  [Cave entrance] No, no, Mister Spock. You place this arm under here to support  its back, and this hand here to support its head.  I'll explain later.  Jim! Spock! Jim! Spock!  My patient spattered me with a rock. She's gone.  It's all right. It's in there. I guess I'll forget psychiatry,  stick with surgery. I really thought she'd learned to want it.  I'll go with you.  No, that's not the way to handle it. Here, like this. Here, take  his little head like that. There, arm in a. That's it. See how easy?  Oochy-woochy coochy-coo. Oochy-woochy coochy-coo.  Representing the high teer, Leonard James Akaar.  Has a kind of a ring to it, don't you think, James? 
What happened to them?  (The same noise comes again.)  That's a nasty cut, Jim. Does it hurt?  She seems harmless enough.  She's a mute, Jim. No vocal cords, not even vestigals. And I  don't think it's a pathological condition.  She appears to be perfectly healthy. As for the other, her lack  of vocal cords could be physiologically normal for her species,  whatever that is.  That's my observation, for whatever it's worth.  We can't keep referring to her as she, as if she weren't here.  Well, I don't know about you, but I'm going to call her Gem.  Well, that's better than 'Hey, you.'  Don't fight the force field. There's something about it that  upsets the body metabolism.  Do you feel all right, Jim?  The wound is completely healed. It fits, Jim. She must be an  empath. Her nervous system is so sensitive, highly responsive that she  can actually feel our emotional and physical reactions. They become  part of her.  (Spock returns.)  Look at this stuff.  Jim, Spock.  (There are three empty tubes, with the away teams names on them..)  We've seen the results of some of your tests.  Hey, Jim, look. Scotty and a search party.  Scotty!  We're coming!  (When Gem stumbles again, Kirk sees the aliens watching their progress.  He sends her on ahead of him.)  Where'd they go?  Where's Kirk? [Planet surface] (They find Kirk on the ground.)  Jim.  You can't go back there. You'll end up like the other two.  But, Captain  Come on, Spock, the passageway was there  before. It's got to be there.  Captain! (Kirk wakes) Jim, what is it? What have they done to  you?  (Gem starts to try to heal Kirk, but recoils at the pain.)  Help him. Don't be afraid to help him.  (She does, taking the pain from his shoulders and the wounds from his  wrists. Gem collapses. The forcefield is gone.)  Jim. You lie still. I'll check her out right away.  She seems fine now.  Complete empathy. She must be a totally functional empath. Her  nervous system actually connected to yours to counteract the worst of  your symptoms and with her strength, she virtually sustained your  body's physiological reactions.  It's impossible to say yet, but supplying your body with life  support did drain her.  That's true. Fear would naturally be her first reaction. Perhaps  she doesn't know our captain well enough yet to offer up her life for  him.  Oh yes. However, I'd assume that her instinct for  self-preservation would take over to prevent it. How do you feel?  Take it easy.  You have all the symptoms of the bends. Nitrogen bubbles in your  blood caused the pain. Now how would one get the bends down here?  Well, you could use some time in a decompression chamber. But  otherwise, I'd say your recovery is about miraculous. I wish I could  take the credit for it, but she did the work.  Spock, why do you have to get so analytical at a time like  Spock, It won't be long before the Vians come back. You better  find out how that thing works and soon.  Men weren't intended to live this far underground. It's just not  natural.  I'm a doctor, not a coal miner.  I'm not a mechanic. I couldn't get that thing to work no matter  how many notes you left.  In any case, Spock, you're the logical one to leave with the  captain.  I'm still Chief Medical Officer of the Enterprise. I'll tell you  what you need and when you need it. Would you rather have the bends?  That's it. Just lie down and relax.  Between the emotional strain and that attack of bends, he's in  pretty bad shape.  How?  You mean, if I hadn't given him that shot  Not this time, Spock.  (The Vians return.)  The choice has been made. (to Gem) You stay here with my  friends. They'll take care of you. Do you understand?  Get on with it.  (So they do.)  [Bed area] I  He's right, Jim. Being a doctor has its drawbacks. I always  wondered why I (coughs, so they turn him on his side) Thanks.  The correct medical phrase, ay, Spock? You've got a a good  bedside manner, Spock.  Don't touch me. Stay away. Jim. Spock. Are you here?  Don't let her touch me. She'll die. Jim, I can't destroy life,  even if it's to save my own. I can't. You know that. I can't let you do  it.  (McCoy pushes Gem away.)  I'm with you, Captain. She awed me.  Well, personally, I find it fascinating that with all their  scientific knowledge and advances, that it was good old-fashioned human  emotion that they valued the most. 
What's his problem, Commodore?  The delta rays?  They've tried questioning him. He's almost agitated himself into  a coma.  As long as any of us. Blast medicine anyway. We've learned to  tie into every human organ in the body except one. The brain. The brain  is what life is all about. Now, that man can think any thought that we  can, and love, hope, dream as much as we can, but he can't reach out,  and no one can reach in.  No to what? They could question him for days, weeks, before they  stumble on the right thing.  I don't read you at all, Jim.  Jim, forgetting how well we both know Spock, the simple fact  that he's a Vulcan means he's incapable of telling a lie.  And that half is completely submerged. To be caught acting like  us or even thinking like us would completely embarrass him.  He would not make a false entry.  I can't, but to question Spock of all people? Me, yes. I could  run off half-cocked given a good reason. So could you, but not Spock.  It's impossible.  McCoy here.  Well, what is it? Sickness? Injury? How bad is it?  Probably somebody discovered a hangnail. I'll beam up and let  you know, Jim.  What's going on around here? Who said Jim needed a medical rest  leave? And this call about me being needed aboard the ship. I've  checked everywhere.  That's right.  What is this, Spock? Captain, are you all  right? (flash, flash) I see that you're still signaling  I keep wondering who might be after us in a  shuttlecraft and I keep coming up with the same answers, but I can't be  right, can l, Mister Spock.  Is it the captain, Mister Spock?  You what?  Mister Spock is, er, under arrest. Is confinement to quarters  enough?  Well, confine him. 
Excuse me.  (Leads the distressed Tula away)  She's asleep.  Captain.  Put him over there.  He'll be coming around soon, Captain.  Give me a decision, Captain. He's coming out of it.  Hello, friend. We were told to wait here.  Can I help you, friend?  We all know one another and Landru.  You speak very strangely, friend. Are you from away?  Ask Landru. He remembers. He knows and he watches. You are  strange. Are you not of the Body?  (The door opens again, and a Lawgiver points his hollow stave at Kirk.)    He goes to joy, peace, and tranquillity. He goes to meet Landru.  Happiness is to all of us, blessed by Landru. [Absorption chamber] (Kirk is secured to the wall by his wrists. A stout  bald man comes in and relieves the Lawgiver on duty.)  You speak in strange whispers. This is not the way of Landru.  And peace and harmony. Are you of the Body?  Blessed be the Body, and health to all of its parts.  Joy to you all, friends.  You're not of the Body!  You're not!  Lawgivers!  Peace.  Lawgivers! (trying to strangle Kirk) Traitor! Traitors!  Traitors!  (Spock deals with O'Neil)  Traitors!  (Kirk manages to get a sleeper hold on McCoy, and he passes out) 
Mister Spock, the man on top walks a lonely  street. The chain of command is often a noose.  Negative. Did you know this is the first time in a week I've had  time for a drop of the true? Would you care for a drink, Mister Spock?  Now I know why they were conquered. What are you so worried  about, anyway? I find Jim generally knows what he's doing.  Illogical? Did you get a look at that Juliet? That's a pretty  exciting creature. Of course your, personal chemistry would prevent you  from seeing that. Did it ever occur to you that he simply might like  the girl?  You would.  Lots of things go on around here that I don't know, Mister  Spock. Now, he's the Captain. He can transfer whoever he pleases. You  can look that up  in a hundred volumes of space regulations somewhere. All right? Come  on, have a drink.  You're welcome. But I will. And please, Mister Spock, if you  won't join me, don't disapprove of me. At least not until you've tried  it, huh? [Observation deck] (Lenore is getting a personal tour of the ship)  I appreciate whatever concern you may have  for the ship's company, Mister Spock,  I've heard of it.  Unfortunately, he wasn't the first.  What has Karidian to do with it?  You think Jim suspects he's Kodos?  It's unbelievable. [Engineering] (There's just one officer on duty, and he hasn't  touched the meal lying on a plate nearby)  I'm not sure I can.  As of this date, lab report indicates  presence of appreciable amount of tetralubisol, a highly volatile  lubricant in use aboard ship.  Tetralubisol us a milky substance. Someone could have gotten  careless, made a mistake.  When I've finished logging it.  My report on Lieutenant Riley.  He's got a good chance.  Could have been an accident.  Jim, Spock's simply trying,  It's his job, and you know it.  Are you? Are you sure it's not vengeance?  What if you decide he is Kodos? What then? Do you play God,  carry his head through the corridors in triumph? That won't bring back  the dead, Jim.  Medical log. Lieutenant Riley's sufficiently recovered to be  discharged, but the Captain's ordered him restricted to Sickbay to  prevent contact with the passenger who calls himself Karidian and who's  suspected of being Kodos the Executioner and of murdering the  Lieutenant's family. Captain's log, stardate 2819.8. Suspect under  surveillance. Strategic areas under double guard. Performance of the  Karidian Players  taking place as scheduled. [Ship's Theatre]   In the long history of medicine, no doctor  has ever caught the first few minutes of a play. Riley, don't forget to    (but he's not there)  Riley? Captain Kirk, McCoy here.  Riley's gone. I was recording my log about Karidian and Kodos.  If he overheard [Kirk's quarters] Medical report. (hands it over) She'll  receive the best of care, Jim. She remembers nothing. She even thinks  her father's still alive giving performances before cheering crowds.  You really cared for her, didn't you?  You're not going to answer my question, are you?  That's an answer. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
I tell you, we should have heard something  by now.  We can't just sit here.  Me? I'm a doctor. If I were an officer of the line, I'd  Of course not.  I don't know.  Well, I guess that answers our questions, Mister Scott. They're  not very friendly, are they?  We get them out.  Not too big for the Enterprise to handle if it has to.  They're holding our Captain.  Mister Fox, they faked a message from the Captain, they've  launched an attack against our ship. Now  you want us to trust them openly?  Well, Scotty, now you've done it.  But you didn't know that it would work. 
Well, what are we waiting for, Mister Spock? We're not  diplomats.  That doesn't mean we have behave like children and listen to  some fool lecture by a diplomat!  Well, where do we start, Mister Spock?  You mean you're going to scan space for him?  Are you going to let him get away with that?    We do not leave without being absolutely sure ourselves that  everything has been done. [Council chamber] Now certainly you understand our  feelings about that.  Just when I was beginning to think you might find a whole new  career as a diplomat, Mister Spock.  I don't understand how Starfleet can deny  permission to beam down to search for the captain.  That's the best possible decision you could make, Spock. I'm  with you.  Co-ordinates don't match.  I'll pick up my medical tricorder and meet you in the  transporter room.  I'm not asking you to make the decision for me.  In that case, it's the worst possible decision you can make,  Spock.  An exact duplicate of the Enterprise? Is it  in orbit, Mister Spock? [Empty Bridge] Well, that's a beginning, but what about the  captain? [Empty Bridge] Well, that was close, but you made it.  Right. Just like the captain.  (McCoy leaves) 
Jim, there's a large deposit bearing two seven three, four  kilometres away. I've got four hours to process that stuff, otherwise  the epidemic will be irreversible. Everybody on board the Enterprise  will  Have you ever seen a victim of Rigelian fever? They die in one  day. The effects are like bubonic plague.  Yes, a Shakespeare first folio. A Gutenberg Bible. [Sitting room] (A young woman sits in a high-backed carved chair,  watching a monitor image of Kirk)  The Creation lithographs by Taranullus of Centauri Seven.  That's one of the rarest book collections in the galaxy, spanning  centuries.  Do we trust him?  Well, I'll need two hours to process that ryetalyn into  antitoxin.  Saurian brandy, one hundred years old. Jim?  Mister Spock, I know you won't have one. Heaven forbid those  mathematically perfect brain waves be corrupted by this all too human  vice.  Do you think the two of us can handle a drunk Vulcan? Once  alcohol hits that green blood  I'll drink to that. What emotion?  Well, that could explain the paintings. Similar to the real  thing.  Ryetalyn, ready to be processed into antitoxin.  I would like to supervise that, of course.  With most impressive results, sir. What else interests you  besides gravity phenomena, Rayna?  The totality of the universe? All knowledge?  At her age, I rather enjoyed errors with no noticeable damage,  but I must admit you're the farthest thing from a bookworm I've ever  seen.  The misfortune of men everywhere, and our privilege.  Thank you, sir.  (McCoy and M4 leave)  Yes, there's something wrong. The ryetalyn is no good. It  contains irillium, nearly one part per thousand.  Thank you.  (Flint leaves)  Nearly two and a half hours. I guess we've got time to get in  under the wire. I’ve never seen anything like the speed of that robot.  It'd take us twice as long to process that stuff.  Jim, what if all the ryetalyn on this planet contains irillium?  Like a hawk.  (McCoy leaves)  I tell you, Spock, I was waiting for the  robot to finish the processing, and the next thing I knew it was gone  and so was the ryetalyn.  Well, I think we'd better tell Jim.  Flint lied. The ryetalyn isn't here.  Why? Get to the point, Spock, if there is one.  The ryetalyn.  (And over by the far wall is a covered figure with the label - Rayna  16. Kirk takes a look at it. It is a bald version of Rayna. They look  further and see others. Rayna 14, Rayna 15.  Captain's log, stardate 5843.8. We have  accomplished our mission and have the ryetalyn ready to combat the  epidemic aboard the Enterprise. But we have also discovered our  benefactor's secret. He has created the perfect woman. Her only flaw,  she’s not human.  [Lab two] Physically human but not human. These are  earlier versions of Rayna, Jim. She's an android.  Instant tissue regeneration coupled with some perfect form of  biological renewal. You learned that you were immortal and  You have been such men. You've known and created such beauty.  You've watched your race evolve from cruelty and barbarism  throughout your enormous life, and yet now you would do this to us?  All emotions are in play, Mister Flint. You harm us, she hates  you.  Jim. Oh, thank heaven, sleeping at last.  Oh, those tricorder readings on Mister Flint are finally  Yes, I told him myself. He intends to devote the remainder of  his years and great abilities to the improvement of the human  condition. And who knows what he might come up with.  Well, I guess that's all. I can tell Jim later or you can.  Considering his opponent's longevity, truly an eternal triangle. You  wouldn't understand that, would you, Spock? You see, I feel sorrier for  you than I do for him because you'll never know the things that love  can drive a man to. The ecstasies, the miseries, the broken rules, the  desperate chances, the glorious failures, the glorious victories. All  of these things you'll never know simply because the word love isn't  written into your book. Goodnight, Spock.  I do wish he could forget her.  (McCoy leaves. Spock goes over to Kirk and initiates a mind meld) 
Trouble. Your friend here didn't want a checkup. Turns out  there's a reason.  You don't have the choice.  I don't know what this man was planning on doing on a primitive  planet, but assuming one did exist, I can tell you what would have  happened had he settled there.  There wouldn't have been enough primitives left to bury their  dead.  I wish it were. There's a nasty little bug evolved in the last  few years, Jim. Our aseptic, sterilised civilisations produced it.  Synthococcus novae. It's deadly. We can immunise against it, but  haven't learned to lick all the problems yet.  All the others are clear. He doesn't have it. He's a carrier.  Remember your ancient history? Typhoid Mary? He's immune, as she was,  but he carries the disease and spreads it to others.  I don't know. They all had full spectrum immunisations before  boarding. Now my guess is that his friends have had their shots too.  But a regular programme of shots is necessary. I'll have to check  everyone on the ship. There could be some skips. In the meantime, he  should be placed in total isolation.  Would you like to run the test, Doctor? You knew you were a  carrier before you came aboard, didn't you?  Then why did you fight the examination?  Be ready for the objections, Jim. They are a vocal lot.  It'll show in twenty four hours. It's a virulent strain. [Corridor] (Sulu is being chatted up by a brunette)  McCoy here.  Yes, Captain.  Yes, Jim.  It's burned. All this plant life is full of acid. Even the  grass, Jim.  It should for a while.  Poison. The fruit is deadly.  He should be beamed aboard, Jim. He needs more than I can do for  him here.  Come back here, you fool!  Don't bite into that! 
They've got the co-ordinates, Jim. It's  locked in.  What do we do now, go up and knock?  Jim, I don't think anybody's in there.  Well, I'm not the Kirk. Tell me what your function is.  Unstable infestation? The population of four planets? What kind  of function  Ridiculous. Earth science couldn't begin to build anything with  those capabilities that long ago.  Of course. Jackson Roykirk.  (looking at the schematic on the monitor) That's not the same.  As I recall, it wasn't. It was supposed to be the first  interstellar probe to seek new life-forms.  He's dead, Jim.  There's nothing I can do, Jim. If there's a chance, it'll have  to be soon.  Well, he'll need tapes on general anatomy, the central nervous  system, and then one on the physiological structure of the brain. We'd  better give it all the neurological studies we have, as well as  tracings of Scotty's hyperencephalogram.  (Spock loads up the data.)  The body is in Sickbay.  I could have told you that without looking.  (Suddenly, a heart beat, and the indicators rise into the green area.)  It's unbelievable.  Take it easy. Lie down, Scotty. We just want to check you out.  I'd like to check it out, if you don't mind. A man is not just a  biological unit that you can patch together.  Nurse, I want him prepared for a full physical examination.  Yes. I'll get on it right away. Oh, and in spite of the way you  repaired Scotty, you metal ticking  That's a laugh.  How's she doing?  Well, she checks out with no brain damage. We've got all the  educational tapes in our library. Now it's up to us.  Captain Kirk to Sickbay. Emergency.  (Kirk and Spock run to a door labeled 'Leonard McCoy, MD' but it does  not open automatically for them.)  I think so. Looks like some kind of shock.  Nomad examined the personnel files and the medical histories.  She tried to stop him.  Yours.  Jim, with all the systems out we'll only have enough air and  heat for  I thought you might like to know that Lieutenant Uhura is back  to college level. She'll be back on the job within a week. 
McCoy here.  (Seven attacks the security men. Spock neck-pinches him but is thrown  off.  Jim. Jim! Jim. What's going on there?  (Kirk gets a phaser and stuns Seven as he starts to work the  transporter controls.)  Sickbay to transporter room. [McCoy's office] Jim, what's going on down there? [Transporter room] McCoy here.  Acknowledged. [Brig] (Seven tests the forcefield blocking the doorway.  Then, behind the guard's back, he takes a pen from his pocket and turns  it into a device that shuts the forcefield off. He also uses it to stop  the guard from shooting him.)  Well, I must admit the sensor readings seem  too good. Human readings, yes, but not a single physical flaw. Totally  perfect body. 
Transfusions?  Jim, the Yorktown's ship surgeon will want to know how late.  Those vaccines he's transferring to us are highly perishable.  You saw their colour. There wasn't a red corpuscle left in their  bodies.  Not a one. What happened is medically impossible.  Thank you, Captain. I'll check those tapes immediately.  Yes, but it  In his present condition, I don't think it would make much  difference.  Give him one cc of cordazine, nurse.  He's beginning to sleep again. I can't risk another shot.  I wouldn't depend too much what he says in that half-conscious  state. He could be dreaming, saying what he thought you wanted to hear.    I intend to find out. I'll be in the medical record library. [Bridge] Ensign, did you sense any intelligence in this gaseous cloud?  Did you get any subconscious impressions that this was a  creature. A living, thinking thing, rather than just a strange cloud of  chemical elements?  You were a little hard on the boy, Jim.  Interrupting another autopsy report is no disturbance, Mister  Spock. It's a relief.  Then I need a drink.  You need advice from me? You must be kidding.  Jim and his creature?  No. With all these deaths and injuries, I've only had a chance  to scan the tapes. There are eight or ten hours of record tape there.  The same as our Ensign.  Mind if I come in?  (Kirk gets up and goes to his desk.)  Sometimes they do, if we're lucky. Monsters come in many forms.  You know the greatest monster of them all, Jim? Guilt.  Jim, When a young officer is exposed to unknown dangers for the  first time, he's under tremendous emotional stress. Now we all know  that.  Am I? I was speaking of Lieutenant James T. Kirk of the starship  Farragut. Eleven years ago, you were the young officer  at the phaser station when something attacked. According to the tapes,  this young Lieutenant Kirk insisted upon blaming himself.  You had a normal emotion. You were startled. You delayed firing  for a grand total of perhaps two seconds.  The ship's exec didn't seem to think so. His log entry was quite  clear on the subject. Lieutenant Kirk is a fine young officer who  performed with uncommon bravery.  Captain Garrovick was very important to you, wasn't he, Jim?  You don't know that, Jim. You don't know that any more than you  know that Garrovick could have destroyed it.  To be so obsessed.  That you could destroy yourself, your career, a young boy who  reminds you of yourself eleven years ago.  I'm not, Jim. This is professional, Captain. I am preparing a  medical log entry on my estimation of the physical and emotional  condition of a starship captain. Which requires a witness of command  grade.  (McCoy goes to the door and opens it to admit Spock.)  They need those vaccines on Theta Seven, Captain. Now why are we  delaying here?  You state that it happened just as you lost consciousness. A  semiconscious mind is a very tricky thing. A man never knows how much  is real or how much is imagination.  Yes, there's no doubt about that.  Jim, we're not trying to gang up on you.  At this point, my medical log remains open.  What's that?  (reading) A survey on Cygnian Respiratory Diseases? I thought  you took Garrovick some food. What were you doing with this?  One man has a chance for survival. The other is dead. You can  add that little price tag to your monster hunt.  It's not enough! You didn't care as long as you could hang your  trophy on the wall. Well, it's not on it, Captain, it's in it.  Creature, Mister Spock?  I'm sorry, Jim. I was wrong. (leaves)  Jim, Spock may be dying.  It's that green blood of his.  I'll bet he left a bad taste in the creature's mouth, too.  I assume that you now believe we should pursue the creature and  destroy it.  It's the time factor that bothers me. Those drugs are  perishable.  I presume you intend to use that haemoplasm to attract the  creature?  Do something.  Crazy way to travel, spreading a man's molecules all over the  universe.  (Finally the swirly bits solidify into two men.)  Well then, thank pitchforks and pointed ears. As long as it  worked, Jim. 
Jim! Jim!  You'd better come down to Sickbay [Bridge] Right now.  Now.  Thank God.  No, not like this.  I don't know.  He was worse than dead.  Jim.  His brain is gone.  It's been removed surgically.  It's the greatest technical job I've ever seen. Every nerve  ending in the brain must've been neatly sealed. Nothing ripped, nothing  torn, no bleeding. It's a medical miracle.  No. That incredible Vulcan physique hung on until the  life-support cycle took over. His body lives. The autonomic functions  continue. But there is no mind.  What girl?  I can't give you any guarantee.  If it happened to any of us, I'd say indefinitely. But Vulcan  physiology limits what I can do. Spock's body is more dependent on that  tremendous brain for life support.  Take him? Take him where?  Jim, where are you going to look? In this whole galaxy, where  are you going to look for Spock's brain? How are you going to find it?  Even if you do, I can't restore it. I don't have the medical  technique.  But I don't know how.  If you don't find it in twenty four hours, you'd better forget  the whole thing, Jim.  Call Chekov and tell him to send my stomach down. [Cave entrance] I'll have her talking in a minute.  She's not, Jim. No change in reading. She doesn't know.  Jim, it's no use. You'll get nothing out of that one. Hers is  the mind of a child.  Where are you, Spock?  Where else would I be?  Jim, she may not remember or even really know. Disassociation  could be complete. It doesn't seem possible she could have performed  surgery on Spock.  Yes, for instance, above it's cold and harsh. And below, it's  warm. The air is fresh.  Who are the doctors? Who operates?  We just want to talk to somebody about Spock's brain. That's  all.  Yes. Yes, in a way it is. The human brain controls the  individual's functions.  It's not possible.  I wouldn't believe the human organism could take such pain.  I'm sure you noticed the delight aspect of this place.  It does, Captain.  You are a disembodied brain.  Thank you.  I told him.  Jim.. Spock. No pain.  (Kirk manages to get to the control box that McCoy dropped and get  Spock's body to walk over to Kara.)  She couldn't, Jim. Her mind is functioning on a very simple  level. Mental faculties here seem to be almost atrophied because of  non-use.  Without you there could be no delicate miracle that kept Spock's  brain alive.  Yes. From the very first, I appreciated your ability.  It would be just enough time.  Jim, it worked for her. It might work for me.  I'm a surgeon already. If I could learn these techniques, I  might be able to retain them.  He might, but we're sure to lose you if I don't try.  Spock, didn't you hear? I might be able to retain and bring  these techniques to the world. Jim, isn't it worth that risk? Wouldn't  you insist upon taking such a risk yourself?  Of course. Of course. A child could do it. A child could do it.  Captain's log, Stardate 5432.3. Doctor McCoy is  proceeding to restore Spock's brain. Our problem, we do not know how  long  his increased surgical knowledge will stay with him. Any additional  attempt to use the teaching device is impossible.  It would kill my medical officer.  [Control room] (The top of Spock's head is concealed by a wall,  which McCoy is working behind.)  I can't. I  All the ganglia, the nerves. There are a million of them. What  am I supposed to do? What am I supposed to do?  I'm trying to thread a needle with a sledgehammer. What am I  supposed to do? I can't remember. I don't remember.  No one can restore a brain.  He's dying, and I can't stop it.  Spock?  Speech centre.  Sonic separator.  Tri-laser connector. Ready?  Right forefinger.  Right wrist.  Right elbow.  I'll never live this down. This Vulcan is telling me how to  operate.  (Later)  Closed.  How do I know? I could have made a thousand mistakes. Sealing  nerve endings, joining ganglia. The fluid balance is correct, but I  don't know.  (Spock sits up and stretches.)  I knew it was wrong. I shouldn't have done it.  I should have never reconnected his mouth.  (A slanted eyebrow hits the ceiling.) 
That's an understatement if I ever heard one. This is a  completely hedonistic society.  My work, Jim. This is prescription stuff. Don't forget, the  explosion that threw Scotty against a bulkhead was caused by a woman.  Oh, yes, yes. As a matter of fact, considerable psychological  damage could have been caused. For example, his total resentment toward  women.  Of course, in my professional opinion, when he gets back to the  ship, he's going to hate you for making him leave Argelius. But then he  will have lost total resentment toward women.  Oh yes. I know the place. Let's go. [Street] (The fog hangs very low on Argelius - somewhere  just below knee level. Couples are meandering along lost in each other.  Kirk works out which way to go, then suddenly - a scream splits the  night. They run towards it and find the dancer on the ground.)  She's dead, Jim.  You're not a native of Argelius, sir?  Jim. (they move off a little way) If he says he can't remember,  he probably doesn't. You know Scotty.  You don't think by any chance that Scotty  But you don't just throw him to the wolves.  But he's suffering from a severe concussion.  The Argelian empathic contact?  Prefect, it will give us a detailed account of everything that's  happened to Mister Scott in the last twenty four hours.  Prefect, the psycho-tricorder will require privacy to be  effective.  Captain, under normal conditions, Scotty would have never done  such a thing.  Of course, there's another possibility.  Hysterical amnesia. When a man feels guilty about something,  something too terrible to remember, he blots it out of his conscious  memory.  (Jaris returns and crosses to another doorway.)  She's dead, Jim. Just like the other one.  Go ahead, Scotty.  Is that all that happened?  It could be, Jim. That head injury.  Locks can be picked, Jim.  Sorry, Jim. The lock may or may not have been picked. It would  be hard to tell even with the tricorder.  I don't care what the circumstances indicate, Jim. Scotty simply  could not have done it.  There would be no room for doubt. We would know. And after all,  that's what we're after, isn't it, Prefect? To know?  Captain, I don't see how that can be.  That devours all life and light.  Yes. Redjac, Beratis and, er, Kesla.  Sybo said it feeds on death.  Yes, but she said more than that. Not just death, but fear. She  said it also feeds on fear.  Extremely possible There are many such examples that exist in  nature.  Just after you left Jaris' house, we discovered the murder knife  was missing.  He's dead, Jim.  Scotty, give me a hand. (They prop Hengist up on a chair,  leaning against the table.)  I've got some stuff that would tranquillise an active volcano.  If you drive it out of the computers, it'll have to go somewhere  else.  I'm almost finished. Just Jaris and me.  (Maniacal laughter over the intercom.)  Well, it might take up knitting, but nothing more violent than  that.  And you and Mister Spock, Captain.  No, I don't think so. I think I ought to stay clear.  You'd better be careful. You're going to hurt somebody with that  thing.  (Hengist pushes his hostage at McCoy then tries to attack Kirk. He's  easily defeated.)  Well, Jaris is all right.  That thing can't die.  I don't know. Five or six hours. I gave them a pretty big shot,  Jim.  I know the place, Jim. 
Jim, why no briefing on this? I'd at least  like to know what we're getting into.  Inside solid rock?  Let's get back to this solid rock business. Just how much rock  are we going to go through?  Miles? Are you joking?  No. No, if I'd be useful, as long as you're going down, I might  as well take a medical look at whatever this is.  (The landing party and two guards gather on the pads, Scotty stands  sulking with arms crossed as the transporter activates, and just sends  the four officers somewhere.)  [Chamber] The air seems fresh. It must be re-circulated somehow.  But you once had a body of some type?  Where's our captain? Where's Jim Kirk?  (drawing his phaser) I won't go along with this. Back to where  you were, Sargon, or whatever you are.  Are you aware of what's happening to his body? Heart action  doubled, temperature a hundred and four degrees?  And destroy them, just as you're burning that one up now.  Heartbeat's two hundred and  sixty two, Spock. Entire metabolic rate correspondingly high.  Is it you, Jim? (a nod) Good, his metabolic rate is back to  normal.  He doesn't appear to be harmed. Physically, anyway.  That's the most ridiculous statement I've ever heard. An alien  practically hijacks your body and then corks you into a bottle and  And what if we should decide against you?  No comment.  Quite simple. Happens every day.  It all seems rather indecent to me.  They're giants, and we're insects beside them. They could  destroy us without meaning to. And all he wants is the body of our  captain and our second in command, too. Coincidence?  What's your attitude on that, Doctor?  Then I'll still want one question answered to my satisfaction.  Why? Not a list of possible miracles, but a simple basic understandable  why that overrides all danger. And let's not kid ourselves that there  is no potential danger in this.  The extreme power of the alien mind will drive the heart action  dangerously high, and The body functions will race many times their  normal metabolism, so we're going to have to monitor this very  carefully.  Well, I guess we're as ready as we'll ever be, Jim.  Vulcans worship peace above all, Henoch.  Nurse!  (Then Kirk/Sargon gets dizzy.)  Henoch, you'd better get back to bed too.  Sargon, it won't work. You've got to get out before you kill  them.  A what?  It was close, Jim. You both barely got back alive. Unless the  formula works, we can't risk it again.  [Pharmacy] As planned, the construction of android  robots is underway. All is proceeding as expected and as promised. I  can find no reason for concern, but yet I am filled with foreboding.  [Laboratory] (Sargon and Thalassa are working, when their hands  touch.)  Nurse, how are the last metabolic readings on our patients?  Is something wrong, Miss Chapel?  Regarding our patients?  You look tired, Miss Chapel. Perhaps you'd care for me to  administer the last few injections.  Sickbay. McCoy.  You sound terrible. Wait there for me.  Hypo.  He's dead.  Medical Log. Stardate 4770.3. Do I list one death  or two? When Kirk's body died, Sargon was too far distant from his  receptacle to transfer back. Sargon is dead. But is Captain Kirk dead?  His body is, but his consciousness is still in the receptacle into  which it was transferred earlier.  [Sickbay] (The medical team hook Kirk's body up to a life  support machine.)  Yes, we can keep them going for a few weeks, or a month. For all  the good it'll do. [Laboratory] (There is a shiny plastic person on the table now.)    Yes?  But you said that was impossible.  I see. And Henoch intends to keep Spock's body, of course.  If you're asking my approval  Neither Jim nor I can trade a body we don't own. It happens to  belong to a young woman.  I will not peddle flesh. I'm a physician.  This is Sickbay. Get me  (The door opens, and Chapel walks out, staring blankly ahead.)  Nurse Chapel, what in the devil? [Sickbay] (He goes back into the ward.)  Jim? Are you all right?  Thalassa?  Jim, the receptacles. Spock's consciousness was in one of them.  What are you talking about? There is no Spock to return to his  body. You've killed a loyal officer, your best friend.  Jim.  (Spock stands up.)  There was enough poison in that hypo to kill ten Vulcans.  Sargon. 
You picked a good day, Fisher. Business has  been lousy. What'd you do, take a fall on purpose so you could get a  little vacation?  What can I do for you, Jim?  Back to that bed, bucko. Come on, let's go.  He'll be regaining consciousness soon, and  not knowing what his physical state is, I don't think I dare give him a  tranquilizer of any kind. I think we'd better bind him.  You have a point, Spock?  It's the Captain's guts you're analysing. Are you of that,  Spock?  You have your intellect, Jim. You can fight with that!  Apparently the body functioning weakened during the duplication  process. A fact I failed to consider.  I don't know, Jim.  Jim, he is back! Jim, you can use that brandy now. In fact, I'll  join you.  Jim, you're no different than anyone else. We all have our  darker side. We need it! It's half of what we are. It's not really  ugly, it's human.  Yes, human. A lot of what he is makes you the man you are. God  forbid I should have to agree with Spock, but he was right. Without the  negative side, you wouldn't be the Captain. You couldn't be, and you  know it. Your strength of command lies mostly in him.  You have the goodness.  The intelligence, the logic. It appears your half has most of  that, and perhaps that's where man's essential courage comes from. For  you see, he was afraid and you weren't.  He's dead, Jim.  Captain's Log, stardate 1673.1. Entry made by  Second Officer Spock. Captain Kirk retains command of this vessel, but  his force of will rapidly fading. Condition of landing party critical.  Transporter unit still under repair.  [Sickbay] Autopsy in-depth. Hurry. I don't know.  Animal could have died of some kind of shock.  I said could have, Mister Spock. We won't know until we get a  full post-mortem.  Could be, if, maybe. All guesswork so far. Just theory. Jim, why  don't you give me a chance to do an autopsy and let Spock check the  transporter circuits again.  Suppose it wasn't shock, Jim. Suppose death was caused by  transporter malfunction. Then you'd die. They'd die, anyway.  Jim, you can't risk your life on a theory!  Well then, we can't help you, Jim. The decision is yours.  No!  He (the one in the captain's chair) attacked him.  Well, Mister Spock? (one figure is beamed back) Jim?  (as the party is wheeled away) Severe exposure and frostbite,  but I think they'll make it. How do you feel, Jim? 
There's no medical or scientific cause for what happened on  those planets. Jim.  There's one possibility. The mass insanity may have reached this  planet, too.  Jim, your brother Sam and his family, aren't they stationed on  this planet?  Captain's log stardate 3287.2. The mass insanity we  have tracked across this section of the galaxy seems to have already  touched Deneva. That planet, colonised over a century ago, is one of  the most beautiful in the galaxy.  [Bridge] Jim, did you know who that woman was?  There's something wrong, Jim. Their nervous systems. Unconscious  like this, there should be just routine autonomic activity, but I'm  getting a very high reading, as though even in their unconscious state,  they're being violently stimulated.  (A woman's scream cuts the air.)  Is this your brother, Jim?  I'm sorry, Jim. The boy's unconscious, but he's still alive.  I'd better get the boy and his mother back to the ship. I can't  do much for them down here.  McCoy to Enterprise. Prepare to beam up party of four.  Ready to beam up, Captain. I'd like you to be onboard when your  sister-in-law regains consciousness.  I won't be able to give you the exact cause  until I get the plates back from the lab. They're both in extreme pain.  I sedated them heavily. But your sister-in-law seems to have a high  tolerance. The tranquilliser hasn't affected her much.  Yes.  When she answers questions, any questions, it's as if she's  fighting to get the answers out. As though something is exerting pain  to stop her.  I'll do everything I can, Jim, to save him.  [Planet surface] Nurse. That's the second time he's come out  of it. Either he's fighting us, or something inside of him is fighting  us.  Let's prepare to close. Nurse!  Miss Chapel.  Miss Chapel, if you cannot assist me as required, call another  nurse in here. But do one or the other now. [Bridge] (McCoy enters in his surgical scrubs, carrying a  jar.)  To be very frank, Jim, I don't know that I can do anything for  Spock or your nephew. (hold up the jar) They're pieces of some form of  living tissue. I removed one from Spock's spinal cord, the other from  your sister-in-law's body. They're both the same. The boy's too weak to  touch. Besides, removal of the tissue wouldn't stop the pain anyhow as  far as I can tell.  No. I just removed these for examination. His body's full of  these tentacles, entwining and growing all about his nervous system.  The same. Evidently, when the creature attacks, it leaves a  stinger much like a bee or wasp, leaving one of these in the victim's  body. It takes over the victim very rapidly, and the entwining is far,  far too involved for conventional surgery to remove.  I'm sorry, Jim. The lab, the science departments, we're all  stumped. [Sickbay] The K3 indicator registers the level of  pain. Watch as I turn it on. That's what he's been going through. I've  never seen anything like it. No wonder the poor devils go mad.  Who knows, Jim? I know the amount of pain the creature can  inflict upon him, but whether he can control it hour to hour  Yes.  Jim, aren't you forgetting something? There are over a million  colonists on that planet down there, just as much your responsibility.  They need your help, too.  (They leave.)  Jim, this is ridiculous. I don't want my patients running  around. He should be in bed.  Jim, that man is sick. Don't give me any  damnable logic about him being the only man for the job.  You may be controlling the pain, Mister Spock, but you're far  from all right.  I'm sorry, Captain. I've tried everything I can. Variant  radiation, intense heat, even as great as nine thousand degrees.  Which happens to be my point. The thing won't die, even at  temperatures and radiation which would burn Spock and your nephew to  ashes.  Captain, I understand your concern. Your affection for Spock,  the fact that your nephew is the last survivor of your brother's  family.  Gentlemen, I want it stopped, too, but not at the cost of  destroying over a million people.  If killing five people saves ten, it's a bargain. Is that your  simple logic, Mister Spock?  I'm sorry, Jim. We've been over and over it, made every  conceivable test.  Jim, we've been through it and through it. Radiation, heat  Nothing lethal about light.  You can't move Deneva closer to the sun, Jim.  Well, I can rig a test cubicle in the bio-lab, put our specimen  in it. But I don't  Put on your masks.  (They cover their eyes with goggles while the light is shone in the  chamber.)  Completed.  (They open the chamber. The thing is still.)  It worked! We can do it. What's the matter, Jim? We can do it.  Well, I don't know. Maybe trial  But I'd have to put a  Do you have any idea of the risk?  Do you know what one million candlelight per square inch can do  to your optic nerves?  All right. I'll rig up a protective pair of goggles.  Unfortunately, you're both right. It's the only thing we can do.  All right, Mister Spock.  (Spock enters the experimental chamber.)  Mister Spock's the best first officer in the fleet.  Completed.  (They open the chamber, and Spock stands.)  (reading) Oh, no.  I threw the total spectrum of light at the creature. It wasn't  necessary. I didn't stop to think that only one kind of light might've  killed it.  I didn't need to throw the blinding white light at all, Jim.  Spock, I  McCoy here. [Bridge] Yes, Captain. He'll be happy to hear that. [Bridge] The blindness was temporary, Jim. There's something about his  optical nerves which aren't the same as a human's.  'Tis a pity your brief blindness did not increase your  appreciation for beauty, Mister Spock.  Unusual eye arrangement. I might've known he'd turn up with  something like that.  I said, please don't tell Spock I said he was the best first  officer in the fleet. 
Something's wrong.  How can we be powerful enough to wipe out a planet and still be  so helpless?  [Control room] It won't work, Scotty. They'd have to cover thousands of miles  through poisonous atmosphere before they'd ever reach the asylum.  Probably kill Jim and Spock.  It must've wiped out everything.  Got to break through it somehow.  I know it, Scotty.  Will it leave a margin of safety for the people below?  Intravenous is indicated unless circumstances make it  impossible.  Reversal of arterial and brain damage should begin almost  immediately.  (Garth is having a treatment in the chair.) 
Lieutenant, you look a bit tired this morning.  Even from here I can tell his pulse rate's up.  I'm not sure I like that, Jim.  And he thinks he's the right man for her, but I'm not sure she  thinks he's the right man. On the other hand, she's a woman. All woman.  One day she'll find the right man and off she'll go, out of the  service.  What in the name of?  (Where there was originally an image of a nice blue and white planet  there is now a .... hand?)  Sickbay reports five minor injuries, all being treated.  Sure it's wise, Jim?  Well, you're the A and A officer, aren't you? Archaeology,  anthropology, ancient civilisations.  We're going to need help in all those areas.  Simple humanoid, Captain.  To coin a phrase, fascinating.  I can't say much till I check our these readings. He looks  human, but of course that doesn't mean a thing.  Yes?  You have a theory?  What?  May I ask what you offer in exchange for this worship?  Stunned but coming around. I'm not sure it's wise to let her go  off like that.  You saw how capricious he is. Benevolent one minute, angry the  next. One more wrong move from her and he could kill her.  Scotty doesn't believe in gods.  Yes. To the simple shepherds and tribesmen of early Greece,  creatures like that would have been gods.  Not the whole encyclopaedia, Chekov.  Spock's contaminating this boy, Jim.  Number one on our list of things to do.  Yes, except my estimation for his physical condition. In spite  of Apollo's bag of tricks, he comes up essentially normal with just a  few variations. However, there's an extra organ in his chest that I  can't even make a guess about.  Jim.  (Apollo walks back in out of thin air.)  Not good. Severe shock.  Chekov, give me a hand.  How do you feel?  Some neural damage.  Makes sense.  The trouble with overworking him is that it can get us killed.  I still say it can get us killed.  Kill a deer. That's the funniest thing I ever heard.  Any more good ideas, Jim?  Well, it doesn't serve any other purpose I know of.  What the devil is that?  I wish we hadn't had to do this. 
You poor girl.  Vulcan is not my idea of fun.  I don't care how benevolent the Medusans are supposed to be.  Isn't it suicidal to deal with something ugly enough to drive men mad?  Why do you do it?  How can one so beautiful condemn herself to look upon ugliness  the rest of her life? Will we allow it, gentlemen?  To whatever you want the most, Miranda.  Are you sure you're well enough to find your way alone?  Now, where I come from, that's what we call a lady.  Well, she's not just another girl, Captain. Don't make that  mistake.  I don't know what it is, exactly. She seems very vulnerable.  Of course. But there's something so very disturbing about her.  Good night, Jim.  He's dead, Jim.  Captain's log, stardate 5630.8. As a result of  Larry Marvick's insane fears, the Enterprise lies derelict in uncharted  space. We have no way to determine our position in relation to the  galaxy. We are in a completely unknown void.  [Bridge] I have the autopsy report on Marvick. Heart action stopped,  cause unknown. Respiration stopped, cause unknown.  Brain activity stopped, cause. Shall I go on?  I mean he evidently could not live with what he saw.  I don't think she'll want anyone to intrude in the kind of  rapport she has with Kollos.  Now wait a minute. I realise that you can do almost anything a  sighted person can do, but you can't pilot a starship.  I'm sorry, Miranda, but you must be realistic. You are blind,  and there are some things you simply cannot do.  (Spock touches the decorated over-dress she always wears.)  Please. Do not fight us like this, Doctor Jones. I appeal to you  as a colleague. Do not oppose us.  She would have told you herself if she had wanted you to know. I  respect her privacy.  That's not Spock.  That's Spock!  But, Jim.  He's hardly breathing. Help me get him to Sickbay. [Outside Sickbay] (Inside, Miranda is performing a sort of mind meld  on the unconscious Spock. She has removed her sensor net dress.)  Unless Miranda can look down into his mind and turn it outward  to us, we will lose Spock.  Her knowledge of them may be the only thing that could save  Spock's sanity, perhaps even his life.  There's nothing else to be done.  That's different. Marvick loved her.  But they weren't rivals in love. Jim, you shouldn't go in there.    What'd you say to her?  What's she doing in there?  You look like you've paid a visit to the devil himself.  You have what you wanted most.  Well, I'm truly sorry that you're leaving. Goodbye.  (McCoy leaves.) 
That's just the negative part, Mister Spock. I've been over  those records. Now the women, they're supposed to be something very  special. They're supposed to have a kind of subtle, mystical power that  drives men wild. [Corridor] (The Ambassador is a skinny humanoid with orange  hair and grass green skin.)  It was a deep wound, Jim. He lost a lot of  blood, but he'll recover.  Well, I've heard of reluctant brides, but this is ridiculous.  The fat will be in the fire when he learns the bride just tried  to murder the groom's ambassador.  It'll be a few days. A week, at least, Jim.  Neck snapped clean.  Jim. Jim! May we please have a word with you? [Corridor] Did she cry, Jim?  Did she cry? Did her tears touch you at any time?  (Kirk looks at his hand.)  Oh, we're in trouble. Now listen, Jim. Petri told Christine that  the Elasian women have a sort of a biochemical substance in their tears  that acts like a super love potion. And according to him, it doesn't  wear off.  I'll try, but I'll need tests and  Results also negative.  It is my time to waste, Ambassador.  That is the captain's responsibility, Ambassador.  [Bridge] Spock, I've isolated the biochemical substance of the Elasian  tears. It's a kind of an infection, and I think I've found an antidote.    Are you out of your Vulcan mind? Do you know how long I've  worked on  Well, I doubt seriously if there's any kind of an antidote for  the Enterprise. 
Well, Jim, with the exception of a slight  bruise or two, our Captain is as healthy as a proverbial horse. He'll  be coming out of it in a minute or two.  Jim, what if we can't go back? What do we do, sit up here and  wait for our supplies to run out, our power to die? It has to  eventually, you know. We certainly can't go back to Earth. It would be  worse than the Captain being returned. There are four hundred and  thirty of us, and that means four hundred and thirty chances of  altering the future.  I'm glad to hear it.  Maybe he could be retrained, reeducated.  If you're going to get nasty, I'm going to leave.  It's just a joke, Captain.  Oh? This could be an historic occasion.  You mean yet.  How long have they been down there now?  Well, shouldn't they be coming up?  Shouldn't you be working on your time warp calculations, Mister  Spock?  It's been too long. Jim should have at least  signaled by now.  Only one signal. What happened?  Blast your theories and observations, Mister Spock. What about  Jim? He's down there alone, probably under arrest. He doesn't have a  communicator, and we can't locate him or beam him back aboard without  one.  If something went wrong 
Why? What is it, Jim?  Jim, did you see what I saw?  How could it be gone? What the devil does that mean, Jim?  Could it be the Enterprise hit the planet?  If the Enterprise has been destroyed, you know how long we can  survive.  Is it possible the vegetation could absorb the water directly  from the air?  Sulu's picked up an organism that's almost a virus, like a a  plant parasite. It's the nearest biological form of life I can find.  McCoy to Kirk.  Jim, I just got a life form reading of tremendous intensity.  Suddenly it was just there.  Just that. All levels were normal, then I get this biological  surge of life form registering. No, now it's gone.  Yes.  Zero eight three.  I'll be right there.  (Kirk arrives first. We see a pair of legs with boots lying face down  behind a rock.)  Jim, every cell in his body's been disrupted.  (Sulu arrives. Kirk adjusts his phaser.)  Jim, what are you doing?  Whatever it is, it has a mighty high melting point.  This whole planet must be made up of this substance, covered  over by top soil.  Well, I guess a tomb of rocks is the best we can provide for  D'Amato.  I wonder what killed him.  It would be worse if he had company.  I'm not joking. Until we know what killed him, none of us are  safe.  But our instruments recorded that. They were life forms. They  registered as life forms.  Captain, it doesn't make sense. In fact, nothing about this  planet makes sense.  Are you suggesting this might be an artificial planet?  While it lasts.  Well, all I know is she almost made a ghost out of Sulu. His  shoulder, where she touched it, every cell's been disrupted. Exploded  from within. If she'd really gotten a good grip on him, Jim.  There's a layer of necrotic tissue a few  cells thick. A normal wound would heal quickly.  Jim, what kind of power must she have?  Yes. Why didn't she kill you?  He's in fair shape.  Keep behind us, Jim.  Captain, I'm getting no life form register.  That would give a mechanical reading. I'm getting nothing.  She's not registering.  Is the power level still holding, Jim?  You think we're being invited in?  We've been led here. Why?  Watch out!  The women match our chromosome patterns after they touch us.  (A third Losira enters)  The previous ships probably spread the disease all through their  people. The supply ship that she was waiting for never came. All these  thousands of years, she's been waiting to greet people who were dead.  And beautiful. 
What's all this poppycock about life forms on this planet,  Spock? The surface is molten lava. The atmosphere is poisonous.  Well I think Starfleet should forget about those old space  legends. There's no intelligent life here.  Jim!  (On the screen is the image of a man sitting in a large leather chair,  and wearing a stove-pipe hat)  Jim, do you really believe he's Abraham Lincoln?  Human, Jim.  Just what was it you locked onto before you beamed him aboard?  And that became Lincoln?  I'm not quite sure.  Captain's log, stardate 5906.4. Who or what has  been beamed aboard our vessel? An alien who has changed himself into  this form? An illusion? I cannot conceive it possible that Abraham  Lincoln could have actually been reincarnated. And yet his kindness,  his gentle wisdom, his humour, everything about him is so right.  [Bridge] Where the devil are they?  Jim, I would be the last to advise you on your command image.  Do I have to lay it out for you? Practically the entire crew has  seen you treat this impostor like the real thing when he can’t possibly  be the real article.  You're the science officer. Why aren't you, well, doing whatever  a science officer does at a time like this?  At last! At least somebody agrees with us he's an alien.  Yes, a big one. Suddenly, miraculously, we see a small spot of  Earth-type environment down there. Now is it really there, or do we  just think we see it down there?  Are you implying, Mister Spock, that it's probably safe to beam  down there?  But he holds a special involvement to you, Jim. I think it's  interesting, in as much as you're the one who's going to make the  decision whether to beam down or not.  You're both out of your heads!  Would I be on the edge of insubordination to remind the captain  that this smells of something happening to him that I might not be able  to patch together again?  If they’re wrong and they do beam into a pool of lava  Scotty. [Planet surface] (Sandy ground, big rocks, orange sky)  If they’re all right, they should've reported in. [Planet surface] At least the captain and Spock are safe.  Can we beam the captain and Spock back up?  Well, can we send the phasers down?  But they're not real, any more than that Lincoln or Surak. What  do the sensors read?  Could they be aliens projecting an illusion? 
Yes, Jim.  Oh, about another thirty minutes. I've come across some most  interesting organic compounds. Hey, Starfleet was right. [Rocky outcrop] (Kirk is also on the planet.)  These roots and soil cultures can be a medical treasure  house. Any problems there?  Enterprise, alert! Stand by to beam up  landing party.  (Kirk and Spock come running, then Spock gets shot in the back.)  Now, Scotty. Have medics stand by.  (They beam out just before the villagers arrive.)  [Transporter room] Pressure packet. Lucky his heart's where his liver should be, or  he'd be dead now.  Coranalin.  I don't know yet, Jim.  [Bridge] McCoy here. I'll call you soon as I know anything. Sickbay  out.  Agreed. Sterilite off.  He'll live or die now, Jim. I don't know which. Doctor M'Benga  interned on a Vulcan ward. He couldn't be in better hands.  I can't leave Spock at this time.  And if that's not it?  I appreciate the compliment, Jim, but  Want to think about it again, Jim? Starfleet's orders about this  planet state no interference with  I read it. Inhabitants superior in many ways to humans. Left  alone, they undoubtedly someday will develop a remarkably advanced and  peaceful culture.  Do I have a choice?  (So they make their way down the slope, and Kirk gets pounced on by a  big white ape with a large horn on it's head and spines down it's back.  It easily throws off McCoy as it concentrates on it's first victim,  biting him, Throwing rocks makes it stand up, then McCoy  vaporizes it with his phaser.)  Enterprise, McCoy. Emergency. Come in. Enterprise, come in.  McCoy! Emergency!  (giving an injection) Jim, there is no antitoxin for this  poison. I can only keep you alive a few hours with this.  Are you hill people? Do you know a hunter named Tyree? A mugato  attacked him. He's James Kirk. He's a friend of Tyree's.  Blast it! Do something! He's dying!  (Kirk passes out.)  {Tyree's camp] Medical log, stardate 4211.8. Kirk is  right about the people here. Despite their fear and our strangeness,  they're compassionate and gentle. I've learned the hunter Tyree is now  their leader. He is expected to return shortly with his wife, who they  say knows how to cure this poison. My problem. The captain is in deep  shock. I must keep him warm and alive until then.  (McCoy wraps plenty of furs around Kirk.)  You and your Garden of Eden. [Hillside] (A man and a dark-haired woman come out of hiding  after two armed villagers pass.)  What's that?  A plant? It moves.  How do you feel, Jim?  I want to thank you for saving his life. (Nona's hand is healed  too) I would like to learn more about this.  He is hers?  Jim.  Have you seen any strangers among the villagers?  Many ways? What else does she know about us?  A splendid custom if not carried to extremes.  What's bothering you, Jim? If we find the Klingons have helped  the villagers, there's certainly something we can do.  Jim, this man believes in the same thing we believe in. That  killing is stupid and useless.  Jim. Coal for forge, sulphur for gun powder.    (scanning) This pig iron is almost carbon-free. That village  furnace certainly didn't produce it. People's exhibit number two.  Cold-rolled gun barrel rod fashioned to look homemade. You were right  about the Klingons, Jim.  Right. It's a pity we can't include a live Klingon. That'd just  about wrap it  (He is interrupted by voices from outside. They hide.)  Jim, I want to talk to you.  Do I have to say it? It's not bad enough  there's one serpent in Eden teaching one side about gun powder. You  want to make sure they all know about it!  Have you gone out of your mind? Yes, maybe you have. Tyree's  wife, she said there was something in that root. She said now you can  refuse her nothing.  Is it a coincidence this is exactly what she wants?  Jim, that means you're condemning this whole planet to a war  that may never end. It could go on for year after year, massacre after  massacre.  I don't have a solution. But furnishing them firearms is  certainly not the answer.  Yes, I remember. It went on bloody year after bloody year.  And if the Klingons give their side even more?  And what about your friend Tyree? Will he understand this  balance of power?  Well, Jim, here's another morsel of agony for you. Since Tyree  won't fight, he will be one of the first to die.  Where's Captain Kirk? Tyree, the firestick. Where is it?  That's a fine thing to leave lying around. Show us where it is. [Countryside] (Nona has just left when McCoy, Tyree and Yutan  arrive. Yutan picks up the rifle.)  Jim? Jim. Who hit you?  She's dead.  (Tyree picks up a rifle.)  Here.  Well, you got what you wanted.  Spock, are you alive? [Bridge] Well, I don't know why I was worried. You  can't kill a computer. 
You're aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise.  Never trusted this. [Bridge] Yes. Yes, they are.  Amen to that, Scotty.  [Corridor] Why, yes, please do. By all means. Connors, are you finished?  Would, Would you walk past my panel again, please?  My medical scanner.  Oh no. I wouldn't trust my, my judgment, believe me. Just walk  by, please. (scanner heart monitor activates) It's not supposed to do  that.  Yes, if they need it.  What? Oh, yes, they're in excellent health, all three of them.  Are you wearing some unusual kind of perfume or something  radioactive, my dear?  I wonder what makes it do that.  [Kirk's quarters] She refused.  Are they, Jim? Are they actually more lovely, pound for pound,  measurement for measurement, than any other women you've known? Or is  it that they just, well, act beautiful. No. Strike that, strike that.  You mean are they alien illusions? That sort of thing?  No, an alien smart enough to pull this could also keep my  medical scanner from going beep!  I don't either.  [Mudd's quarters] That must have been quite a talk you made  down there. Ever try considering the patent medicine business?  Smack right in the old heart. Oh, I'm sorry. In your case, it  would be about here. 
Come on, Jim. Let's go.  Jim.  If you have any doubt, that was indeed Captain James Kirk of the  Enterprise.  In these trying times, one of the few. Doctor Leonard McCoy. And  you?  All of my old friends look like doctors. All of his look like  you. Well, you might as well join me for a drink. With this inquiry  coming up, he's going to need all the friends he can get.  [Stone's Office] I know something about it.  It's possible.  He could have.  No.  Wait a minute. I don't quite follow you.  Well, yes, I suppose it could happen.  Not Captain Kirk.  But he's not that kind of a man.  Yes. It's possible.  Well, I had to see it to believe it.  They're about to lop off the captain's professional head, and  you're sitting here playing chess with the computer.  Mister Spock, you're the most cold-blooded man I've ever known.  That's impossible.  So you tested the programme bank.  Well, why are you just sitting there?  First, the Captain. Mister Spock.  (He goes around the assembled group one at a time)  And lastly, myself.  Indeed she is. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
I couldn't have prescribed better. We are one weary ship.  Depending upon my report and that of the other scouting parties.  You know, you have to see this place to believe it. It's like something  out of Alice in Wonderland. The Captain has to come down.  He needs it. You've got your problems, I've got mine. He's got  ours, plus his, plus four hundred and thirty other people's. Where are  you going?  Sulu!  Did you see them?  Captain, are you beaming down?  [Kirk's quarters] Well, either our scouting probes and  detectors are malfunctioning, and all us scouts careless and  beauty-intoxicated, or I must report myself unfit for duty. [Kirk's quarters] On this supposedly uninhabited planet, I  just saw a large rabbit [Kirk's quarters] Pull a gold watch from his vest and  claim that he was late.  As a matter of fact, yes. [Kirk's quarters] And they disappeared through a hole in  a hedge.  Over here. Over here.  (They meet up by the lake)  As a matter of fact, I do, but this is not one of them. Look at  this. (a pair of large tracks in the soil) I saw what I saw, or maybe I  hallucinated it, but I want you to take a look and tell me what you  think about it.  Negative. He was examining the flora at the time.  Collecting specimens.  You're cancelling the shore leave on account of this, Jim?  Well, no.  Absolutely. No birds, no mammals, no insects, nothing. I'm  certain our readings weren't off.  Well, it could have been worse.  You could have seen the rabbit.  Well, yeah, I'm beginning to feel a little bit picked on, if  that's what you mean.  And you being the very serious young  A girl's footprints. The young blonde girl I saw chasing it.  Good. I've got a personal grudge against that rabbit, Jim.  (They split up, and then suddenly there's a young man leaning against a  tree trunk)  What was it?  Sounds like Don Juan.  Did you find Mister Sulu, Captain?  Did you find Mister Sulu?  Sir? Are you all right?  Feeling better?  It's a beautiful place. A little strange, I'll admit.  I see what you mean, but then you'd have whole armies of Don  Juans to fight off. And me, too.  You are all of those things and many more. They'll look even  lovelier with you wearing them.  Now, look, I don't know how or why, but the dress is here. I'd  like to see you in it. Why don't you put it on?  My dear girl, I am a doctor. When I peek, it's in the line of  duty.  (he turns his back on her, and his communicator beeps)  McCoy here. I can't read you very well. Is this Rodriguez?  Right. What the devil's wrong with communications? Esteban.  Esteban.  (But Esteban and Teller have problems of their own - a tiger has them  trapped)  This is where the Captain said to rendezvous. (makes Tonia stand  with her back to a tree) I swear I heard someone moving around.  A princess shouldn't be afraid, not with a brave knight to  protect her.  [Rocky outcrop] (The trio hear the snarl of a big cat)  These things cannot be real. Hallucinations can't harm us. Go  back to where you were.  (Kirk and Spock arrive on the scene. The knight lowers his lance,  charges, and runs McCoy through. Tonia screams. Spock draws his phaser,  and Kirk the gun he confiscated from Sulu. He shoots the knight from  his horse, then they run to McCoy.)  Possibly because no one has died, Jim. (Strolls in with a lovely  girl on each arm) I was taken below the surface for some rather  remarkable repairs. It's amazing. They've got a factory complex down  there you wouldn't believe. They can build or do anything immediately.  Oh. Them. Well I, er, I was thinking about a little cabaret I  know on Rigel Two, and, er, there were these two girls in the chorus  line. And well, here they are. Well after all, I am on shore leave.  Oh, yes. So you are. Well, girls, I suppose you can turn  something up.  (The cabaret girls go to Sulu and Spock.)  It's what the doctor ordered, Jim.  Indeed we did, Mister Spock. 
The word was smog.  I am not, Mister Spock. I was simply trying to stop you from  giving us a whole lecture on the subject. Jim, is there anything at all  we know about this planet?  No references to space, or the fact that there are other worlds,  or more advanced civilisations.  One, just once, I'd like to be able to land someplace and say,  Behold, I am the Archangel Gabriel.  Naturally. You could hardly claim to be an angel with those  pointed ears, Mister Spock. But say you landed someplace with a  pitchfork.  (A gunshot rings out.)  For which we are grateful, for we are men of peace ourselves.  Well, if you're speaking of worships of sorts, we represent many  beliefs.  Odd that these people should worship the sun.  Because, my dear Mister Spock, it is illogical. Rome had no sun  worshipers. Why should they parallel Rome in every way except one?  (The men return.)  Quite logical, I'd say, Mister Spock. Just as it's logical that  twentieth-century Rome would use television to show its gladiator  contests or name a new car the Jupiter Eight.  What term? Logic? Medical men are trained in logic, Mister  Spock.  I do?  No, I think I can walk. I'll try.  (McCoy suddenly doubles over in pain and two guards are sent in to  help. One gets neck-pinched, the Roman is karate-chopped and the last  guard is punched by the invalid.)  Are you out of your head?  Next he'll be telling us he prefers it over Earth history.  They have slavery, gladiatorial games, despotism.  You must know that's impossible. Starfleet regulations  Jim.  Must you always be so blasted honest?  I am defending myself!  Whatever gave you that idea?  You tell him, buster. Of all the completely ridiculous,  illogical questions I ever heard in my life!  (McCoy falls, and is vulnerable. Achilles is distracted so Spock  punches him out then goes and neck-pinches Flavius.)  Angry, Mister Spock, or frustrated, perhaps?  For the fifteenth time. Spock. Spock, I know we've had our  disagreements. Maybe they're jokes. I don't know. As Jim says, we're  not often sure ourselves sometimes, but what I'm trying to say is  Well, what I'm trying to say is you saved my life in the arena.  I'm trying to thank you, you pointed-eared hobgoblin!  Do you know why you're not afraid to die, Spock? You're more  afraid of living. Each day you stay alive is just one more day you  might slip and let your human half peek out. That's it, isn't it?  Insecurity. Why, you wouldn't know what to do with a genuine, warm,  decent feeling.  I know. I'm worried about Jim, too.  [Chamber] (The wine is being poured.)  Jim!  What happened, Jim?  Captain, I see on your report Flavius was killed. I am sorry. I  liked that huge sun worshiper.  A philosophy of total love and total brotherhood. 
Well, somebody sent a distress call.  In other words, the galaxy isn't big enough for both of us.  They registered as human.  Yes. If we could put that out of operation, we might have a  chance.  Spock, are you sure you're all right?  You didn't look very well when you broke that mind touch.  Do you mean that's what the Kelvans really are?  Well, if they look that way normally, why did they adapt  themselves to our bodies?  Well, that's enough. One wrong move, and they jam all our neural  circuits.  How?  It's a good idea, Jim, but anyone looking at him can tell he's  healthy.  Jim, his heartbeat really is slow. His pulse is practically  non-existent.  He may die. If I can get him up to sickbay, there's a chance  he'll live.  Prepare two ccs of stokaline.  Don't argue, nurse. Just get it. (injects Spock) This may be the  turning point. Prepare another shot.  Please, nurse, just follow orders, will you?  (Spock opens his eyes then shuts them again before she returns with the  hypo. McCoy gives another injection as Tomar watches from a little  distance.)  There, that should do it. Just let him rest now. (to Tomar) You  see, it's a flare-up of Rigelian Kassaba Fever. He suffered from it  about ten years ago, and it recurs every now and then. There's no  danger if he gets medication in time. He'll be all right in a couple of  hours.  We're just going to jam it.  Scotty tells me you could've destroyed the ship in the barrier.  Why didn't you?  But that was our only chance to stop them  Jim  Jim, I saw them reduce four of my doctors and nurses into those  little  Before you condemn it, why not try it?  All right, I'll show you how to work the selector.  (He gets a tray of food for Tomar and sits him down at another table.  Tomar takes a cautious mouthful.)  I'm delighted.  If he keeps reacting like that, he's going to need a diet.  I don't know about that.  Well, that body of yours is a bit anaemic. Comes from taking  food in pills instead of solid sustenance.  I'm going to give you a shot. High-potency vitamin concentrate.  You'll need three a day for a few days. And eat some solid food, will  you? [Scott's quarters] (The brandy bottle is empty, and the two men are  full of alcohol.)  Well, now, let's see. You've had three shots. I think you better  stay on them for a few days, and then we'll see how you're responding.  We haven't seen Tomar either. But my man Hanar is getting more  irritable by the minute. I'm giving him shots of formazine. That should  have him climbing the walls.  Hmm?  Oh. You will pardon us.  (Spock and McCoy leave.)  Seems to me that little planet you were on is kind of nice. 
Just a few seconds more.  That's a boy. Keep it up. Work up a little sweat, it'll will do  you good. (notices red alert)  Stop. Winded?  Finally finished a physical on you, didn't I. (Kirk leaves) What  am I, a doctor or a moon shuttle conductor? If I jumped every time a  light came on around here, I'd end up talking to myself.  [Corridor] Same report.  Your timing is lousy, Jim. [Turbolift] Your men are tired.  I never say that.  I'm especially worried about Bailey. Navigator's position's  rough enough for a seasoned man.  Oh? How so sure? Because you spotted something you liked in him,  something familiar, like yourself say about, oh, eleven years ago?  I don't need textbooks to know you could've promoted him too  fast. Listen to that voice.  Well, they're not. After what they've been through they really  should  No, I never say that, either.  What are you going to do with that six percent when they give it  to you, Jim?  Your weight was up a couple of pounds, remember?  No, no. No, I never eat until the crew eats.  What's the matter, Jim. Don't you trust yourself?  Balok's message. It was heard all over the ship.  Easy, Bailey.  Practically end of watch.  Let's go. (McCoy and Bailey leave)  Assuming we get out of this, Captain  Well, then about Bailey. Let me enter it in my medical records  as simple fatigue.  And your mistake. You overworked him, pushed him, expected too  much from him.  I intend to challenge your actions in my records. I'll state  that I warned you about Bailey's condition. Now that's no bluff.  For having other things on your mind? My fault. I don't how the  devil you keep from punching me in the face.  Love to teach it to you.  I thought the power was off in the galley.  Jim, don't you think  No, but you won't let that stop you.  And your crew? 
I am. What's the problem?  Well, what happened to that leg?  I don't understand. This should have been attended to  immediately.  Well, we're certainly going to try. The infection is massive.  Let me give you a hypo to ease the pain.  (McCoy opens a pouch, and the hypo flies out on it's own.)  In the arm.  (The injection is given without human hand.)  I'll let you know when I have the results. And from now on, it  would be better if I handled the instruments without your help.  Neither do I, but it has. How do I knock out an infection when  the tricorder doesn't show any information on Platonius bacteria? All I  can do, and this is going to take time, is to try to match his bugs  with a known strain and hope.  (Alexander is playing a near life-size game like chess with two other  men.)  What about medicine? Why no doctors?  I think I'd better wait until the fever breaks.  Jim, my concoction actually worked. The fever's broken. And what  recuperative powers. The infection's begun to drain already.  He may still need the ship's medical stores. Why prevent  contact?  I don't know. I don't want to go, but I can't help myself.  (Kirk and Spock also move as if pulled along by something.) [Parmen's chamber] (Alexander sounds a horn as the door opens and the  unwilling three stagger in.)  I'm very sorry, but that's impossible.  The answer is no.  I can't move, Jim. They're going to keep me here no matter what.  Leave, please.  You won't persuade me.  Stop it! Don't do this to him, Parmen!  No, Parmen! Stop it!  (Kirk rolls in agony.)  I have my orders.  And we've had too much of yours. I'll never get me to stay here.    He's a Vulcan. You can't force emotion out of him.  You'll destroy him.  I beg you.  There is no medicine that can help him. He'll have to come  through this himself.  The release of emotions, Mister Spock, is what keeps us healthy.  Emotionally healthy, that is.  Yes, Spock. And hatred.  Jim. This is senseless. I've thought it over. I'm staying.  Parmen has promised me you'll be safe.  Why? Why trick me?  Then why wouldn't Alexander have the same power as the others?  You won't even know it happened.  Of course. Parmen possesses the highest order of psychokinetic  ability, and Alexander the lowest, in the same environmental  conditions.  I'll run both their blood samples through for a full comparative  test on the tricorder.  The one significant difference between Parmen's blood and  Alexander's is a concentration of kironide, broken down by pituitary  hormone.  It'll take some doing, but it is possible.  Even if the kironide reaches the desired effect, it still may  not help us get out of here.  I'm ready.  Since the kironide's broken down and injected directly into his  bloodstream, it should work on him as well as us. Better in fact,  because he's acclimated.  They'll never do it, Jim.  Stop it, Parmen! Stop it! I'll do whatever you want me to do.  I'll stay and serve you, but stop it! 
You're excused. You may return to your quarters.  I said you were excused, Nurse. Please, Christine. I promise you  I'll give the Captain a full report.  (Chapel leaves.)  I've just completed the standard physical examinations for the  entire crew.  The crew is fit. I found nothing unusual, with one exception.  Terminal.  Xenopolycythemia. It has no cure.  He has one year to live.  The ship's Chief Medical Officer.  I'll be most effective on the job in the time left, if you'll  keep this to yourself.  Captain's log, stardate 5476.3. I have just had the  sad duty of informing Starfleet about Doctor McCoy's condition and have  requested an immediate replacement.  [Bridge] (The Enterprise has arrived at an asteroid.)  Without me, Jim? You'd never find your way back.  I'd like to go. I'm fine, Captain.  You'd swear you were on the surface of a planet.  You found no intelligent life forms, Mister Spock, but surely  I think so.  She called this the world. These people don't know they're on a  spaceship.  I'm all right. Are you all right, Mister Spock?  Oh, that Oracle really got to me. I must be especially  susceptible to its magic spells.  Well, we'd better get to the control room.  Don't worry. I can make it, Jim.  Gentlemen, I believe we have a visitor.  (A silver-haired old man in purple and orange looks around nervously  before bowing then taking a bottle from his cummerbund. He hands out  tablets.)  It tastes like an ancient herb derivative.  There's something under the skin. (a red light goes out) He's  dead.  Oh, no. I'm quite all right, thank you.  Well, now. Nobody can blame her for that, can they?  Perhaps not.  You are very kind.  No, thank you.  I'm curious. How did the Oracle punish the old man?  There is some way the Oracle knows what you say, isn't there?  It's all right. I suppose we had to learn the power of the  Oracle.  Honesty is usually wise.  No, there isn't.  Oh, yes. Yes, I do.  We do.  But we're strangers to each other.  Yes.  How long will it take you to reach this new world?  If you only knew how I needed some kind of future, Natira.  Yes, very lonely.  There's something I need to tell you.  But there is.  I have an illness for which there is no cure. I have one year to  live.  What are you going to do to my friends?  And the punishment is death?  They acted out of ignorance, Natira.  Please let them return to the ship.  For me? I've made my decision. I'm staying here, on Yonada.  Natira, what they did, they did because they felt they had to. Please,  let them return to the ship. You won't regret it. How do you think I'd  feel if I stayed here with the chance to be happy for the first time in  my life, but knowing my friends had died?  No, I'm not.  I'm on a kind of a collision course myself, Jim.  And I refuse.  I intend to stay on this ship, with these people, whatever  happens.  Is it, Mister Spock? Is it really? Natira's asked me to stay,  and I'm staying.  Yes. Is that too much to ask, Jim?  I do.  Let it be done.  (She touches his head with the device in her hands.)  We're now of one mind.  One life.  (They kiss.)  Do the people know the contents of their book?  Has the reason that the people must leave here been revealed to  you?  Don't you long to know its secrets?  Jim.  We may be able to get these people back on course.  No, but I've seen the book that contains all  the knowledge of the creators. And if you  (He gets a warning pain, but fights through it.)  If you can get to it, Spock [Kirk's quarters] Can dig out the information.  The Oracle room.  They spoke the truth.  She will be. I'll stay here with her. The book is in the  monolith.  Press the three lower planets on the left-hand side  simultaneously.  (Kirk does, and takes the book.)  We'll be all right here now, Jim.  (Kirk goes to join Spock.)  The oracle can no longer punish us.  Yes.  Yes.  Then come.  (They stand.)  Don't be afraid.  You intend to stay here, on Yonada?  Then I won't leave you.  Now more than ever, I wish to search through the universe to  find a cure for myself and others like me. And I want you to be with  me.  Thank you, Mister Spock, for bringing back the knowledge of the  Fabrini. 
Tell me. The ship's supply of food  concentrates couldn't have lasted fourteen years.  And you learned to talk by just listening to the ship's tapes?  You're four-oh.  Four-oh. One hundred percent. Sound of wind and limb.  Yeah.  Because that's your name.  Well, no. Captain Kirk is one of a kind, Charlie.  Why not?  Most seventeen year olds do. Come on, let's go. I'll show you to  your quarters.  [Corridor] But tell me, what reason would he have to  lie if there are Thasians?  Well, don't you think it'd be better for a strong father image  like you? He already looks up to you.  By which time he would have been eating fruits, vegetables.  And probes have been known to be wrong, Spock.  Doctor, are you speaking scientifically or emotionally?  And he needs a guide and he needs a father image, Jim.  No, I don't think so, not unless they're exactly like  Earthlings. The development of his fingers and toes exactly matches the  present development of mans on Earth.  Considering the effect a normal adolescent has on a home,  Charlie with the power he has  Well, what do we do with this boy, Jim? How do we keep him caged  up?  Well, for the moment he's stopped. You're an authority he  respects, Jim.  What's going on here? Spock calls me to the Bridge and goes into  some kind of poetry.  You don't have any special immunity. Not anymore. Pushed far  enough, he'd send you off to oblivion, too.  Risky, Jim. 
Yes, sir.  What is this? Everything's all messed up and  changed around, out of place.  No, not everything. That spot, I spilt acid there a year ago.  Jim, What in blazes is this?  An exchange. If we're here  What about the Halkans? We can't let them be destroyed.  Here. Here. What's this?  And my Sickbay is a chamber of horrors. My assistants were  betting on the tolerance of an injured man. How long it would take him  to pass out from the pain.  I'm a doctor, not an engineer.  Jim, the way this ship is run, what kind of people are we in  this universe?  Jim, if we're here, what do you suppose our counterparts doing  back in our universe?  That ought to hold him for about six hours.  (They go to the upper level, and Scott begins his work.  [Kirk's quarters] (The room is dark, and a woman is lying on his  bed.)  Now it's up to the captain. [Transporter room] Help me get him on the table. Well, come on. Help me get him on  the table. He'll die without immediate treatment.  We'll get home. This won't take long. [Kirk's quarters] {Marlena is still watching on the Tantalus screen.)  Shut up? I can save his life. [Sickbay] Do you want me to stop, Jim? It'll only take  a minute.  A little time, he'll live. [Sickbay] (Sulu and three henchmen march in.)  I can't let him die, Jim. You get on to the transporter room.  I'll be there in five minutes.  I guarantee it. Now, go on, please.  (Kirk, Scott and Uhura leave. McCoy gives Spock an injection.)  Jim, I think I liked him with a beard better. It gave him  character. Of course almost any change would be a distinct improvement.    I'm sure.  (A women steps out of the turbolift.) 
Look at those pine trees.  I swear that's honeysuckle I smell.  What in blazes is that?  (A bizarre structure on a dais, with steps leading up to it.)  Meadows and no meteor craters. The whole place is an enigma,  biologically and culturally.  Why, they look like. I'd swear they're American Indians.  Shouldn't we contact them, Jim? Tell them?  What's the matter, Jim?  Typical human reaction to an idyllic natural setting. Back in  the twentieth century, we referred to it as the Tahiti Syndrome. It's  particularly common to over-pressured leader types, like starship  captains.  Yes.  Leaving? You can't be serious, Spock.  The devil with an asteroid! It won't get here for two months,  Spock!  In the meantime, what about Jim?  That may be hours from now. He may be injured or dying.  Can a few more minutes matter, Spock?  What for?  It might also cripple the ship, and we would be crushed by the  asteroid.  Jim won't be able to get out of its path.  You sound like you're cutting a diamond.  Well, Spock, you took your calculated risk in your calculated  Vulcan way, and you lost. You lost for us, you lost for that planet,  and you lost for Jim.  And my responsibility is the health of this crew. You've been  driving yourself too hard, and I want you to get some rest.  Back to that planet? Without warp speed, it'll take months,  Spock.  Well then what's the use? We might not be able to save the  captain even if he still is alive. We might not be able to save  anything, including this ship! You haven't heard a word I've said. All  you've been doing is staring at that blasted obelisk.  I thought you were reporting to Sickbay.  You've been trying to do that ever since we started back to that  planet. Fifty eight days.  Well, you won't read them by killing yourself. You've hardly  eaten or slept for weeks. Now if you don't let up, you're going to  collapse.  Well, your Vulcan metabolism is so low it can hardly be  measured, and as for the pressure, that green ice water you call blood  Well, my diagnosis is exhaustion brought on from overwork and  guilt. You're blaming yourself for crippling this ship, just as we  blamed you. Well, we were wrong. So were you. You made a command  decision. Jim would have done the same. My prescription is rest, now.  Do I have to call the security guards to enforce it?  (Spock goes and lies on his bed. McCoy leaves. Spock gets up again and  returns to his study of the symbols.)  [Forest] (Bare-chested Kirk is chasing laughing Miramanee  through the trees.)  I prescribed sleep.  Musical notes? You mean it's nothing but a song?  Were you able to make sense our of the symbols?  I've always wondered why there were so many humanoids scattered  through the galaxy.  That's probably how the planet has survived all these centuries.  The Preservers put an asteroid deflector on the planet.  And we have to find that deflector and put it back into working  order, otherwise  I need Nurse Chapel.  Wife?  His brain is unimpaired. Everything else is functionally  normally except his memory.  It'd take time.  We have no choice.  (So Spock places his hands on Kirk's face and starts the procedure.)  What is it?  She had bad internal injuries, Jim.  No. 
I wonder if he brought his personal chef along with him to  Cestus Three.  How well we both know that.  (Intercom whistles)  Spock, isn't it enough the commodore is famous for his  hospitality? I, for one, could use a good non-reconstituted meal.  You bet your pointed ears I am. Ready whenever you are, Captain.  (Six men, including one red shirt, get on the transporter platform)  Captain, over there.  (They run to a lone survivor amongst a tangle of wreckage)  Careful, careful. Shock, radiation burns, internal injuries for certain.  Careful, careful. Shock, radiation burns, internal injuries for  certain. He's in a bad way, Captain.  He'll be dead in half an hour if we don't get him some decent  care.  What are you going to do, Mister Spock?  What about the Captain?  Now, you're the one that's always talking about logic. What  about some logic now? Where's the Captain, Mister Spock?  The ship, our engines, our weapons. It's  just inconceivable that we are immobilised.  We appeal to you in the name of civilisation. Put a stop to this.  If there were only some way we could contact him.  So?  Can that be true? Was Cestus Three an intrusion on their space?  Then we could be in the wrong.  The Gorn simply might have been trying to protect themselves.  What is it, Spock?  SPOCK; An invention, Doctor. First potassium nitrate, and now if he can  find some sulphur and a charcoal deposit or ordinary coal.  (Kirk is at the outcrop of sharp diamonds, and putting them into the  bamboo too.)  What's he doing?  SPOCK; Diamonds. The hardest known substance. Impelled by sufficient  force, they would make formidable projectiles.  What force?  Can he do it? 
Yes. There's something odd about that man, and I can't quite  pinpoint it.  I know when something doesn't strike me right, and he doesn't.  All right. There's something wrong about a man who never smiles,  whose conversation never varies from the routine of the job, and who  won't talk about his background.  Spock, I mean that it's odd for a non-Vulcan. The ears make all  the difference.  Maybe, but you can't evaluate a man by logic alone. Besides, he  has avoided two appointments that I've made for his physical exam  without reason.  Oh, I find that shocking.  (noticing a curtained alcove) Harry, what's this?  Dead?  That's very interesting. You leave your wife and then bring her  along.  Then your makers weren't humanoid?  I think Mister Chekov's right. We are in a lot of trouble.  Jim, you should see the research facilities. They've got a lab  down there that. Well, I could spend the rest of my life studying it.  I wouldn't be bored, I can tell you that.  I did. And you can forget it. They're perfect, flawless,  mentally and physically. No weaknesses, perfectly disciplined.  No vices, no fears, no faults. Just a sense of purpose. Believe me,  there's nothing tougher to overcome, even among humans.  How do you know so much?  Oh.  You wanted to leave us on this ruddy rock and leave by yourself.    He is dying.  Completely inner directed. Oblivious to everything.  All right, it's worked so far, but we're not  out yet.  (in a monotone) You offer us only well-being.  Suffering, in torment and pain. Labouring without end.  He's dead.  Easy now. Oh, he's caught it!  Well, you must be very unhappy, Mister Spock.  Well, we found a whole world of minds that work just like yours.  Logical, unemotional, completely pragmatic. And we poor, irrational  humans whipped them in a fair fight. Now you'll find yourself back  among us illogical humans again. 
They must have interfered with the normal evolution of the  planet.  What was the state of the Iotian culture before the Horizon  came?  So we're going down to recontaminate them.  This is like coming home.  Well, those firearms are not necessary.  Who, me?  What?  Well, since this Oxmyx asked us down here, don't you think we  should see him?  That man's dead back there.  This is the contamination you're looking for, Jim.  Yes. Judging from what we've seen so far, I agree.  You said they were imitative, and the book  One book on the gangs of Chicago did all this. It's amazing.  It's the Bible.  Yeah, well, Oxmyx is the worst gangster of all.  Jim, you can't  You do that very well. Now, how are you with primitive radio  equipment?  And very simple.  Well?  You mean you're giving up?  You mean you're going to trust him?  Now you're beginning to make sense.  We're trying to help you, Oxmyx.  You admit that?  What are we going to do now, Jim?  Where are they?  Jim.  I don't know how serious this is, Jim, and I don't quite know  how to tell you  But in all the confusion I  I think I left it in Bela's office.  Somewhere. I'm not certain.  I left my communicator.  You really think it's that serious?  How do you mean? 
I knew it had to happen. It's a fine time for that transporter  mechanism to break down.  It's just bits and pieces. It's incomplete.  In the midst of what seems so unreal, the harsh reality. This is  not a dream.  Tombstone. Hell for leather, right out of history.  What's the matter with us? We're talking like we really are in  Tombstone, Arizona in 1881.  Very dead, Mister Spock.  What's the matter?  Taos Lightning straight bourbon. Try some. In small amounts, it  was considered medicinal.  Take it easy, Mister Scott. I hate to think what that stuff's  doing to your stomach lining.  Or a communicator. It'd be a pleasure to watch those Earps as we  beamed back to the ship at exactly four fifty nine thirty.  Well let's get there.  Mister Spock, why don't you join us common humanoids in trying  to find a way out of here, and quit explaining why we can't get out of  here.  A tranquilliser. Of course, Jim. I can make a tranquilliser!  I know the place to get the proper drugs. I'll need a mortar and  a pestle.  Well, thank you. Mind if I look around a bit? (checking the  bottles) Crude, but very useable.  Oh, you don't have to worry. I know how to handle this. I have  an urgent need for a small supply of this drug, too.  Oh, so you're the dentist. Well, I'm a physician, and I have a  serious emergency. I wonder if you mind if I borrow a small quantity of  this.  My name is McCoy. I'm a doctor.  The emergency is real. I need these things.  That is my intention, Doctor.  There's nothing I can do, Jim.  Let it go, Jim. He's dead.  We all knew the risk when we joined the service. Now let it go.  You talk about another man's feelings. What do you feel, Spock?  Because there are no feelings to discuss.  Spock will have no truck with grief, Scotty. It's human.  We don't have much time.  Get to the point, Spock.  I'll have it ready before Spock.  And if we fight them, we all die. We know that.  I doubt that this combination of things was ever used for any  purpose quite like this.  Three or four seconds.  It's not necessary, Captain. It's very simple. Nothing can go  wrong.  It would.  Guaranteed.  It should have worked. Did you inhale the gas, Scotty?  You still feel all right?  No dizziness? No sweating? No palpitations?  Nothing could go wrong, Captain. It should work.  You don't have to worry about that now, Jim. Look at the clock.  Then we'd better become experts, and fast.  What do you mean, Spock?  A piece of lead in his body.  Come on, Spock. If you've got the answer, tell us.  What do you mean unreal? I examined Chekov. He's dead.  But that's not possible. There'd always be some doubt.  We're just human beings, Spock. We don't have that clockwork  ticker in our head like you do. We can't turn it on and off.  They do not exist.  (Holliday joins the Earps.)  SPOCK (to Kirk) Unreal. Appearances only. They are shadows. Illusions.  Nothing but ghosts of reality. They are lies. Falsehoods. Spectres  without body. They are to be ignored.  (The melds have been completed when the four killers arrive at the  Corral.)  Neither do I. He's in perfect health.  But he didn't kill, Mister Spock. 
Jim, the analysis of this so far is potassium thirty five  percent, carbon eighteen percent, phosphorous one point zero, calcium  one point five. Jim, the crew didn't leave. They're still here.  These white crystals. That's what's left of the human body when  you take the water away, which makes up ninety six percent of our  bodies. Without water, we're all just three or four pounds of  chemicals. Something crystallised them down to this.  : Lucky we found that log. If we'd gone back to the Enterprise.  Tell the lab the final reading on our tissue is Y three X point  zero zero four. And I could use a second blood analyser unit.  [Bridge] Our tissues definitely show a massive infection, Jim, but  something is immunising us down here, thank heavens, or we'd have been  dead hours ago.  The problem is, it could be anything Some spores or pollen in  the air, some chemical. Just finding it could take months, maybe even  years. And I've only got one lead. The infection resembles one  developed by Earth during their bacteriological warfare experiments in  the 1990s. Hard to believe we were once foolish enough to play around  with that.  (Spock bursts in, helping an injured Galloway who is clutching his  chest.)  Now wait a minute. He lost his ship and his crew, and he found  himself the only thing standing between an entire village of peaceful  people.  Without a serum, we're trapped here with the villagers. Now why  destroy what's left of the man by arresting him?  Oh, thank you. Thank you very much. [Jailhouse] Good morning, Jim.  Yes. I'm convinced that once there was a frightening biological  war that existed here. The virus still exists. Then over the years,  nature built up these natural immunising agents in the food, the water,  and the soil.  That's right. These immunising agents take time, and that's the  real tragedy. Had the Exeter landing party stayed here just a few hours  longer, they never would have died.  Survival of the fittest, because their ancestors who survived  had to have a superior resistance. Then they built up these powerful  protective antibodies in the blood during the wars. Now, if you want to  destroy a civilisation or a whole world, your descendants might develop  a longer life, but I hardly think it's worth it.  Who knows? It might eventually cure the common cold, but  lengthen lives? Poppycock. I can do more for you if you just eat right  and exercise regularly.  He'll live, but I'll have to get him to better facilities than  this.  He's fully immunised now. We all are.  Leave medicine to medical men, Captain. You found no fountain of  youth here. People live longer here now because it's natural for them  to.  He must have attention soon.  You're a romantic, Jim.  (A drummer enters. Cloud William stands.)  His heart is different! The internal organs of a Vulcan are  Spock, I've found that evil usually triumphs unless good is  very, very careful.  Spock, we've got to do something!  What are you doing? 
How can a planet full of people just disappear?  Well, that's fine. Where do we start?  No, no particular person, just people in general. Where did they  go?  As a matter of fact, he's quite real, Jim.  What is this place?  What's wrong?  Where's the captain, Spock? We were right  behind him.  [17th Century] Jim! [Ice Age] Jim, can you hear us? [17th Century] He means it's cold. [17th Century] I was looking over some material about their Ice Age.  What’s happening?  Jim, what's the matter? Jim sounded like he  was in trouble.  Leave me here, Spock.  Don't be a fool. My hands and face are frostbitten. I can't feel  my feet. Alone you have a chance. Now do what I say. Go try to find  Jim.  You stubborn, thickheaded Vulcan!  (A figure wearing a full length fur coat with hood approaches, then  turns to walk away. Spock helps McCoy to follow) [Cave] (It's quite homely, with the stalagmites and skins  laid down, the lovely smooth floor and handy bed for Spock to put McCoy  down on)  Who are you?  Zarabeth. Spock, are we in the library?  Jim. What about Jim?  You find him, Spock. Don't you worry about me. You just find  him.  (Spock and Zarabeth leave him to sleep)  (standing) Spock? Where are we?  Yes, I remember you.  Why are you still here, Spock? Why aren't you looking for Jim?  What do you mean impossible? We've got to get back.  Are you trying to tell me that we're trapped here?  Zarabeth, you are a beautiful cook. Have you  ever been told that?  Oh, well, you'll find that Spock is quite delinquent in those  matters.  Oh? Well, now that I'm feeling better, you'll notice a distinct  difference in our approach.  No, not yet.  And Mister Spock has been practicing medicine without a license.  Don't let him doctor you. I'm the doctor around here.  I wonder where she is.  Thank you.  (Zarabeth leaves them)  I wonder where Jim is.  What do you mean, we can only hope? Haven't you done anything  about it?  Locate the portal. It can't be too far.  Yes, that was clear to me.  I don't believe it, Spock. It’s just not like you to give up  trying.  Yes, I understand. I never thought I'd hear it, but I  understand. You want to stay here. As a matter of fact, you're highly  motivated to stay in this forsaken waste.  You listen to me, you pointed-eared Vulcan.  What's happening to you, Spock?  Long ago. Of course. Long ago.  [17th Century] (Back in the street, at the wall Kirk came through)    Spock. You've been dishonest with me, Spock,  and that is also something new for you.  The facts as you know them. Or did you just accept Zarabeth's  word because it's what you wanted to believe?  Zarabeth is a woman condemned to a terrible life of loneliness.  She would do anything to anybody to change that. Wouldn't you,  Zarabeth?  Did you? You said we can't get back. The truth is you can't get  back.  She would do anything to prevent that life of loneliness. She  would lie. She would cheat. She would even murder me, the captain, the  entire crew of the Enterprise to keep you here with her. Go ahead,  Zarabeth, tell Spock the truth. Go ahead. Tell Spock you would kill!  Are you trying to kill me, Spock? Is that what you really want?  Think. What are you feeling? Rage? Jealousy? Have you ever had those  feelings before?  The Vulcan you knew won't exist for another five thousand years.  Think, man. What's happening on your planet right now, this very  moment?  Who nearly killed themselves off with their own passions. Spock,  you're reverting into your ancestors five thousand years before you  were born!  I know I'm going to try, Spock, because my life is back there,  and I want that life.  (So McCoy heads off through the arctic winds, with just a fur shawl for  protection)  [Library] I suppose you're right.  It’s Jim! Here we are, Jim. [Library] Come on, Spock.  Come on, Spock, now!  (Spock pushes McCoy towards the cliff, but he doesn't go through)  Something's wrong. [Library] But it did happen, Spock. 
On pure speculation, just an educated guess, I'd say that man is  alive.  You shook hands with him, Jim. His flesh was warm. He's alive.  There's no doubt about that.  That'll be all. Thank you very much.  (The man leaves, Kirk enters.)  I've examined nine men so far, varying in ages from twenty three  to fifty nine. They're all in perfect condition. Text book responses.  Heart, lungs, excellent. Co-ordination, excellent. Reflexes, excellent.  If there are many more of them, I could throw away my shingle.  (Communicator beeps)  No animals. That's peculiar.  I'd like to see the medical records on the expedition.  I'm afraid I'll have to bow out. I have to continue with these  medical examinations. However, if I find everyone else's health to be  as perfect as yours, I  This is McCoy, Jim. I think you'd better get back here.  No, but I'd like you to see this for yourself.  Sandoval's medical record, four years ago  when the expedition left Earth. He registered scar tissue on his lungs  from lobar pneumonia suffered when he was a child. No major operations,  but there was an appendectomy. Received all required inoculations, et  cetera.  Nothing, but I examined that man no more than two hours ago. You  know what his readings were? Perfect, perfect, and perfect. Just like  everyone else I've examined here.  No. I thought of that and tested it on myself. It accurately  recorded my lack of tonsils and those two broken ribs I had once. It  did not record the scar tissue on Sandoval's lungs, but it did record a  healthy appendix where one was supposedly removed. [Field] (Spock is scanning amongst the rows of dry-looking  somethings.)  We've explained the Berthold rays to you and their effect. Can't  you understand?  Would you like to use a butterfly net on him, Captain?  DeSalle said he was going to examine some native plants he  found. Did Spock call in at all?  That didn't sound at all like Spock, Jim.  I didn't say that.  Not exactly. He might be in trouble.  How will you find Spock?  What are you doing with those things, DeSalle?  (with an extreme southern drawl) Ready to beam up. Hiya, Jimmy  boy! Hey, I've taken care of everything. All y'all gotta do is relax.  Doctor's orders.  Oh, must be nigh onto a hundred by now.  I'm not interested in any  physical-psychological aspects, Jim boy. We all perfectly healthy down  here. [Bridge] Yeah. That's right. That's just what it is.  Sho'nuf. Hey, Jim boy, y'all ever have a  real cold Georgia-style mint julep, huh? [Bridge] Who wants to counteract paradise, Jim boy? [Bridge] McCoy out.  Well now, it's a little early to be counting  stars, Miss Leila.  Well, now, I think I can fix that for you. Enterprise? [Bridge] (Spock is back in uniform and under the console  when it beeps.)  What do you mean, what sort of work? I'm a doctor.  Oh, no? Would you like to see how fast I can put you in a  hospital?  Just a minute. You'd better make me a mechanic. Then I can treat  little tin gods like you. (He punches Elias) Sorry, Sandoval. I don't  know what made me do that.  You can't stay here. You can't survive without the spores. After  you've cleared at the Starbase, you could be relocated. It depends upon  what you want.  Enterprise. [Bridge] This is McCoy. Sandoval would like to talk  to the Captain. [Bridge] Well, Jim, I've just examined the last of the colonists, and  they're all in absolutely perfect, perfect health. A fringe benefit  left over by the spores.  Well, that's the second time man's been thrown out of paradise. 
You're fine, Joe. Up and out of there.  Mister Spock? Your pulse is two hundred and forty two, your blood  pressure is practically nonexistent, assuming you call that green stuff  in your veins blood.  They're fine, Jim.  Oh, thank you, Christine.  [Briefing room] Definitely not drugs or intoxication. The bio-analysis on the  tapes prove that conclusively.  Compensate with the respirator. Stand by to close. Closing.  [Bridge] This shouldn't be happening. This man should  be getting stronger. You sure the respirator's functioning properly?  Why is this man dying? Hypo.  The wounds were not that severe.  [Bridge] This is McCoy. Captain Kirk to Sickbay.  Intestinal damage wasn't that severe. I got  to him in plenty of time. That man should still be alive. The only  reason he died, Jim, is he didn't want to live. He gave up.  Well, that may be. Maybe. I've lost patients before, but not  like that. Not Joe's kind. That kind of man doesn't give up.  You mean that Joe was down on the planet surface and you're  gonna ask me if it's connected.  Jim, he was decontaminated. He's been medically checked. We've  run every test we know for everything we know.  Well, we're doing everything that's possible.  Sickbay to Bridge.  I'm getting you, Jim. Look, can you keep  this beast level? I've got Sulu  tranquillized and we're running tests on him.  [Bridge] So far there's nothing unusual in his  bloodstream. Body functions seem normal.  Negative, until I can get a little farther  on these tests.  [Bridge] Biopsy lab. Biopsy, where's my report?  Biopsy, come in! Harrison, where's my report? I'm going to the lab.  Yes?  Oh, good. I'll need him conscious now. Continue to examine him  on circuits K one and three.  McCoy to Bio. We've isolated it. Start preparing serum.  It's water. Somehow on this planet, water's changed to a complex  chain of molecules.  That's how we missed it. It passed from man to man through  perspiration. Once in the bloodstream, it acts like alcohol, depresses  the centres of judgment, self-control. Now get someone to the lab. Tell  them the serum works, and start preparing more.  Release him.  [Briefing room] We found a cure. We're over that part of it. 
It must be a malfunction. This is a barren world. There's hardly  any vegetation, no apparent animal life.  My tricorder doesn't register it.  Compton!  McCoy to Captain Kirk. Captain's presence for examination  is requested.  Your orders, Jim. You're the last one.  Can we discuss it here?  Tell the captain what you told me.  Lie down, Jim.  All perfectly normal. Whatever happened to Compton down there  apparently had no effect on anyone else.  No. There's no mention of it.  (The buzzing sound. Kirk starts to sit up.)  I'm not finished yet.  What do you mean?  Physically, there's nothing wrong with you.  I'd say no.  There's no question about it, Spock. I want you to take a look  at this. The same substance is in the captain's coffee as in the  Scalosian water, and there's no trace of it in any other cups.  [Transporter room] (Kirk removed a vital component from the control  console before Deela enters. She draws her weapon.)  I've been hearing that whine ever since we beamed down to  Scalos.  McCoy to Spock.  I've found a tape in the computer down here, and when I try to  read it, all I get is a whine.  Finished.  Most effectively under laboratory conditions, but the question  is will it work in the human body? And the second question is, how do  we get it to the captain?  Spock, you don't know what that'll do to you.  Just like Compton.  [Transporter room] (The transporter is repaired and the three other  Scalosians are beamed down.) 
I can find no reason for the captain's behaviour, except  possibly that we've been on patrol too long without relief and  diversion. He has resisted all of my attempts to run a psychological  profile on him.  Jim, you ordered us? You had no authority!  Jim!  McCoy here. [Bridge] I don't make house calls. [Bridge] He'll recover, but he'll need further attention. Inform your  superior. [Romulan Commander's office] (She answers the comm., listening on the earpiece.  They keep conversations private, these people.)  McCoy. Chief medical officer.  Well, you can see for yourself, he's mentally depressed,  physically weak, disoriented, displays feelings of persecution and  rebellion.  No, not now.  Yes, it's possible.  Spock, I don't believe it. There's no price you could pay that  would make him sell out.  What do you mean, the matter's not open for discussion?  What did you do? What did you do?  Your instincts are still good, Mister Spock. The captain is  dead.  [Sickbay] (The body of Kirk lies on a bed, bathed in green  light. McCoy exits through one door, and Chapel enters through the  I left orders that no one come in here.  Well now that you know it, you might as well assist me. Hand me  the physiostimulator.  Spock gave him a nerve pinch to simulate death.  I didn't know it until I beamed aboard the Romulan ship. Jim and  Spock were operating under Federation orders.  (The green light goes out as Kirk wakes up properly.)  That's the Vulcan death grip for you.  You took a big chance they didn't start an autopsy.  So that if anything went wrong, you would be the one to blame.  What for? [Bridge] Sickbay to Bridge.  Mister Scott, will you report to Sickbay.  You have to. It's urgent. [Bridge] Well, I do. Mister Scott, please. [Bridge] What the devil is Spock doing? What's delaying him?  You're taking an awful chance, Jim.  Sickbay to Bridge.  Well, if all the shouting's over up there,  I'd like for you to report to Sickbay. [Bridge] Well, you're due in surgery. I'm going to bob your ears.  Well, are you coming, Jim? [Bridge] Or do you want to go through life  looking like your First Officer? 
Perhaps they weren't expecting us.  Did he report anything wrong?  Exactly what it looks like. Death by natural causes. Old age.  He can hear you, Jim, but he doesn't understand. Let's let him  rest.  The expedition is suffering from extreme old age, and they're  growing older by the minute. Much older. My examinations have turned up  absolutely nothing. In fact, I don't have a clue.  Lieutenant Galway.  Of course. Go right ahead.  It's probably nothing important.  Well, don't worry about it. Perhaps a little hypersonic  treatment might clear it up.  The last one. Robert Johnson. Cause of death, old age.  Which adds up to absolutely nothing. [McCoy's office] All you need are vitamins, but you can come up anyhow.  You take over my job and see what happens to you.  What's your problem, Jim?  You're probably right, Doctor. By the way, I don't like how  you've been running this ship lately.  Jim, I think we better'd run a complete physical on you.  No, Jim. It's advanced arthritis, and it's spreading.  I can run it through again, but I'll come up with the same  thing.  (Scott enters, his hair light grey and his face deeply lined.)  All of us who went down to the surface, with the exception of  Chekov, are aging at various rates. Approximately thirty years for each  day. I don't know what's causing it. A virus, a bacteria, or evil  spirits, but I'm trying to find out.  I'm doing what I can. (to Spock) You're perfectly healthy.  I did not say you weren't affected, Mister Spock. You are  perfectly healthy, that is, for any normal Vulcan on the high side of a  hundred.  You can leave, too, Lieutenant Galway. Lieutenant Galway?  Yes, I spoke to you. I said that you could leave, too. Now why  don't you go down to your quarters and get some sleep.  People age normally at different speeds, Jim.  I don't know.  His genes. All right, nurse. Prepare Chekov for another complete  physical.  Then try that, Doctor Wallace. Try anything, but do it quickly.  Radiation? That's as good an answer as any,  but why didn't we know about it earlier?  (to Wallace) Run this through, Doctor.  Well, I see I'm not going to be making any house calls on you.  I'm not a magician, Spock, just an old country doctor.  Well, then we just start over, that's all. We work harder,  faster, and we start completely from scratch if we have to. But we find  something. [Corridor] Now this isn't going to hurt a bit.  Did it hurt?  She's dead. Her metabolism caused her to age more rapidly than  the rest of us, but the same thing's going to happen to us unless  Oh, a matter of days. Perhaps hours. [Briefing room] (waking up) Yes, Spock? What is it?  I did.  Yes.  Captain Kirk is suffering from a, a peculiar physical  degeneration which strongly resembles aging.  Yes, yes, but he's a better man right now  It's a blasted machine, Spock! You can't argue with a machine.  Yes. Yes, I do, agree. And I am sorry, Jim.  Nothing. Absolutely nothing.  Yes, yes. Now that could be. Right. Scared. Heart beats faster,  breathe gets short, and there's cold sweats and adrenaline flows.  Adrenal activity. Now hold on Just a minute. There was something that I  read once. It was ancient history, just after the atomic age. Used for  radiation sickness. Adrenaline.  Yes, yes. Now. But before, adrenaline. Highly promising. Early  research, but they abandoned it when hyronalin was discovered.  Don't just stand there jawing, Spock. You and Doctor Wallace get  cracking. [Bridge] No, Jim. You can't do it.  Nurse? Doctor Wallace!  Nurse.  Jim-boy, you just lay quiet. You can't do no good. We're both  through.  All right. Let's, let's go.  Don't give me any Vulcan details. Just give me the shot.  You can't.  Well, well, what's happening?  Feeling fine. So is Scotty. The serum worked. He pulled a muscle  during the reaction, but otherwise he's feeling fine.  Oh, very well. A few bruises here and there. Oh. Anytime you're  ready, Mister Spock.  Because of your Vulcan physique, I have prepared an extremely  potent shot for you. However, you might like to know I've removed all  the breakables from Sickbay.  I thought you'd be pleased to hear that.  (Spock, McCoy and Stocker leave as Wallace enters.) 
Starfleet's been trying for six months. If he's alive, isn't it  unlikely that he'd receive us now?  That's generations ahead of where these people should be  technically. How'd they manage that?  He must be dead. And what's going on down there on Ekos?  What have you got, Jim?  Stupid computer made a mistake in the measurements. The right  boot's too tight.  How do you do? What in blazes is this?  (Eneg and two guards enter.)  He looks drugged, Jim. Almost at a cataleptic state.  I have to have a close look at him.  Definitely drugged, almost comatose.  I can't identify it without a medi-comp. Without knowing, an  antidote would be dangerous.  I can give him a general stimulant, but it would be risky.  I'm working in the dark. I could kill him.  The stimulant's working.  He's reaching a level of consciousness. It's almost like he's in  a light sleep. Now, that's as much as I dare do.  He's still alive, but the drug they use is too strong. If I give  him another shot  I don't dare.  What he's saying, Spock, is that a man who holds that much  power, even with the best intentions, just can't resist the urge to  play God.  It also proves another Earth saying. Absolute power corrupts  absolutely. Darn clever, these Earthmen, wouldn't you say?  Spock, you obviously don't understand 
That may not be easy, Jim. Medical analysis indicates the  Troglytes are mentally inferior.  Look, I've checked my findings thoroughly. Their intellect  ratings are almost twenty percent below average.  That's true, Spock, but obviously the ancestors of those who  live on Stratos removed themselves from the environment of the mines.  Therefore they avoided the effects of certain natural growths.  Well. I had this zenite sample sent up from the surface. Now  unsealed, it would have had detrimental effects on everybody here.  There are none after it’s refined. But in its raw state, it  emits a odourless, invisible gas that retards the intellectual  functioning of the mind and heightens the emotional. Therefore, it  releases a violent reaction.  That's right. And the Troglytes are constantly exposed to  it.  That's right, Spock. The other Disrupters were probably removed  from exposure too.  According to findings, it should.  No, but a filter mask should remove the exposure.  There's every indication that the effect of the gas is  temporary, even after repeated exposure.  But that could take days.  It's pretty hard to overcome prejudice.  You mean you're going back to Stratos against government orders?    Can the zenite be affecting him? [Mine] Look out, Jim!  (Plasus attacks, and Kirk knocks him out) 
