Oh, Jim, I just can't understand this.  Impossible.  Jim, I'm not doubting anyone's word. I'm simply telling you  it's impossible.  You don't know? You actually don't know what's happened to  Captain Pike? There's been subspace chatter about it for months.  I'm sorry to have to be the one to show you. He's upstairs in the  medical section.  [Intensive Care Area] You ever met Chris Pike?  About your age. Big, handsome man, vital, active.  Inspection tour of a cadet vessel. Old Class J starship. One of  the baffle plates ruptured.  He went in bringing out all those kids that were still alive.  Just wanted you gentlemen to be prepared.  [Pike's room] Captain Pike. (a scarred head and shoulders  sticking out of wheelchair device) Captain, you remember these  gentlemen. They wanted to visit you. Two flashes mean no. I thought you  might make an exception for them. (flash, flash) I'm sorry, gentlemen.  And what do those record tapes show? No message sent from here.  No message received by your vessel.  The fact remains that your first officer's former captain is  hospitalised, horribly injured, at this base, and that same first  officer seems to be the only one who heard that message.  Well, that's true of course.  Computer Centre.  [Starbase Computer Centre] Oh, have I introduced Miss Piper, Jim? This  is Captain Kirk, Miss Piper.  You have something to report, Miss Piper?  And totally unable to move, Jim. His wheel chair is constructed  to respond to his brain waves. Oh, he can turn it, move it forwards, or  backwards slightly.  But that's it, Jim. That's as much as that poor devil can do.  His mind is as active as yours and mine, but it's trapped inside a  useless vegetating body. He's kept alive mechanically, a battery-driven  heart.  Oh, I'm certifying I ordered you to read it. Know anything at  all about this planet?  And to do so is the only death penalty left on our books. Only  Fleet Command knows why. Not even this file explains that. (unlocks the  magnetic strip) But it does name the only Earth ship that ever visited  the planet.  With a half Vulcan science officer named Spock.  Mendez here. What is it?  Starbase Shuttlecraft one to Enterprise.  Come in, please. Enterprise, Commodore Mendez and Captain Kirk. If you  read me, you are ordered to reply. Repeating it on all emergency  frequencies, Jim.  Pulling ahead of us fast. Fuel is down to sixty three point  three. If we turn back now, we've just got barely enough to get us back  to the base.  We coast.  RHIP, Captain. Rank hath its privileges.  Wonderful.  He's dead if he makes it to Talos Four. Why would he want to  get Pike there? The command reports stated Talos contained absolutely  no practical benefits to mankind.  Maybe. Maybe he's just gone mad.  [Bridge] His quarters, after what he's done, Lieutenant?  We didn't have the heart to retire him, Jim. He's got you.  Whatever he's up to, he's planned it well.  Captain's log, stardate 3012.6. General  Court-Martial convened. Mister Spock has again waived counsel and has  entered a plea of guilty.  Mister Spock, are you aware in pleading  guilty that a further charge involving the death penalty must be held  against you should this vessel enter the Talos star group?  Why? What does it accomplish to go there or to take Captain  Pike there? I want to know why.  Yes, it's on the record.  For what purpose?  Present your evidence. Screen on.  Captain Pike, were any record tapes of this nature made during  your voyage? (flash, flash) The court is not obliged to view evidence  without knowing its source.  You mean I was maneuvered into asking. Your evidence is out of  order.  You have that right, Captain, but just because the prisoner is  your First Officer and your personal friend  Very well, continue.  Screen off. Mister Spock, I'm truly amazed at your technical  prowess in somehow manufacturing all this. I congratulate you on your  imagination. But this is a court of space law, not a theatre.  You're in no position to bargain. This is ridiculous. This man  mutinied, stole your ship, abducted Captain Pike. Well, for me this has  gone far enough.  And I vote we do not. Deadlock, and since I'm  Very well. Captain Pike, it's up to you. Do we continue under  these conditions? (flash)  Screen on.  [Bridge] Mister Spock, you're aware of the orders regarding any contact  with Talos Four. You have deliberately invited the death penalty.  You've not only finished yourself, Spock, but you've finished your  Captain as well.  And you're aware a Captain is responsible for everything that  occurs on his ship. I order you to return this vessel back to manual  control.  Very well. You've earned the consequences. This court is in  recess.  (Mendez and yeoman leave, Scott and McCoy wheel Pike out after him) 
