(blue eyed, red haired) Well done, Jim. (Armed guards appear.)  I'm afraid it isn't that easy. They've been handling slaves here for  two thousand years.  Yes, it's me. This is our Proconsul, Claudius Marcus.  This way. Your friends, too. There's lots to talk about, lots to  explain.  Don't judge me before you know the facts. Come on, we can talk  freely here. The Proconsul knows who and what we are.  [Chamber] (Some small animal skins on the floor, a brass  brazier, an urn and busts on plinths, and a girl preparing drinks.)  You can leave us.  (The guards leave.)  Well, a celebration. A meeting of old friends.  This other is your ship's surgeon?  It's a pity we can't let him loose in our hospitals. Our level  of medicine would improve immeasurably, I'm sure.  We had meteor damage, Jim. I went ashore with a landing party to  look for iridium ore for repairs, and I met this gentleman.  He convinced me it would be unfair to this world to carry word  of their existence elsewhere.  So I made the decision to stay.  This is an ordered world, Jim, a conservative world based on  time-honoured Roman strengths and virtues.  There's been no war here for over four hundred years, Jim.  Could, let's say, your land of that same era make that same boast? I  think you can see  why they don't want to have their stability contaminated by dangerous  ideas of other ways and other places.  And as for my men, those that were able to adapt to this world  are still alive. Those who couldn't adapt are dead. That's the way it  is with life everywhere, isn't it?  Just as I did, Jim, you're going to order your own people  ashore.  They're going to be arriving soon, anyway, Jim. A recon party,  then a rescue party, then another rescue party. I had less men. It  added up the same.  Jim, you've already started a message. Your engineer's waiting.  What are you going to do?  Ah, that was stupid, Jim. This is not an Academy training test.  This is for real. They're taking you to die.  Ship's log, stardate 4041.2. Chief Engineer Scott  recording. Captain Kirk and his landing party have checked in [Bridge] Most of my men went the same way. I hoped I would feel it less  with yours.  Maybe now you understand why I gave in. The Romans have always  been the strongest, and they've had practice for over two thousand  years in enslaving men, using them, killing them.  He commands not just a spaceship, Proconsul, but a starship. A  very special vessel and crew. I tried for such a command.  It's your decision, Proconsul.  No, Proconsul.  (into communicator) Starship, lock in on this. Three to beam  (Claudius stabs him, but Merik manages to throw the communicator into  the cell with the landing party.) 
