We are the Metrons. You are one of two crafts which have  come into our space on a mission of violence. This is not permissible.  Yet we have analysed you and have learned that your violent tendencies  are inherent. So be it. We will control them. We will resolve your  conflict in the way most suited to your limited mentalities. Captain  James Kirk.  We have prepared a planet with a suitable atmosphere. You  will be taken there, as will the Captain of the Gorn ship which you  have been pursuing. There you will settle your dispute.  You will be provided with a recording-translating device,  in hopes that a chronicle of this contest will serve to dissuade others  of your kind from entering our system, but you will not be permitted to  communicate with your ship. You will each be totally alone.  It is you who are interfering. We are simply putting a  stop to it. The place we have prepared for you contains sufficient  elements for either of you to construct weapons lethal enough to  destroy the other, which seems to be your intention. The winner of the  contest will be permitted to go his way unharmed. The loser, along with  his ship, shall be destroyed in the interests of peace. The contest  will be one of ingenuity against ingenuity, brute strength against  brute strength. The results will be final.  There will be no discussion. It is done.  (Kirk vanishes, and Uhura screams)  We are the Metrons. Your Captain is losing his battle. We  would suggest you make whatever memorial arrangements, if any, which  are customary in your culture. We believe you have very little time  left.  Your violent intent and actions demonstrate that you are  not civilised. However, we are not without compassion. It is possible  you may have feelings toward your Captain. So that you will be able to  prepare yourself, we will allow you to see and hear what is now  transpiring.  (There on the viewscreen is their first sight of a Gorn, then Kirk and  yet another mineral deposit.)  Does my appearance surprise you, Captain?  I am approximately fifteen hundred of your Earth years old. You  surprise me, Captain.  By sparing your helpless enemy who surely would have destroyed  you, you demonstrated the advanced trait of mercy, something we hardly  expected. We feel there may be hope for your kind. Therefore, you will  not be destroyed. It would not be civilised.  Very good, Captain. There is hope for you. Perhaps in several  thousand years, your people and mine shall meet to reach an agreement.  You are still half savage, but there is hope. We will contact you when  we are ready.  [Bridge] (Kirk suddenly appears in front of the crew, who  all leap to their feet.) 
