Wait.  (They kneel at the sight of Kirk. Then one gets up and walks up the  steps to him, and puts his hand to her forehead.)  We are your people. We've been waiting for you to come to  us.  Captain's log, stardate 4843.6. First Officer Spock  commanding. We've been en route to the asteroid for several hours.  Our delay on the planet's surface has made it imperative that we  proceed at maximum warp speed for a period which exceeds the  recommended safety margin.  [Engineering] Salish, a terrible thing has happened. The boy was attending  the fishnets, and he became entangled in them and sank to the bottom of  the river. Lumo brought him up quickly, but he doesn't move.  I must see to the needs of the god, as is my duty.  There will be no ritual between us now, Salish.  It is because of tradition that I cannot marry you.  That was before he came.  He is medicine chief now. Salish, choose another. Any maiden  would be honoured to join with you.  You have no choice.  Perhaps you would like to bathe now.  Tell? But a god knows everything.  The Wise Ones brought us here from far away. They chose a  medicine chief to keep the secret of the temple and to use it when the  sky darkens.  There are no lacings. (his uniform top) How is this thing  removed?  Yes. How does this open?  His father did not wish to share his power too soon. He died  before he told Salish the secret.  (Two young women enter with trays of fruit, then the tribal elder comes  in.)  Well, you came from the stone metal. Did you not bring life  to the child?  Here there is much time. For everything. [Bridge] The ritual cloak is finished. If it pleases you, I would  like to name the Joining day.  I'm the daughter of the chief. Tribal law betroths me to our  leader. If there is another, I will step aside.  God's wish is above tribal law.  The sooner our happiness together begins, the longer it will  last. Tomorrow.  (They kiss.) [Spock's quarters] (An image of the obelisk is on the monitor. Spock  looks as if he is meditating upon it.)  It's a time for joy for all my people. [Obelisk] (Kirk is having ritual signs painted on his face.)  Each time your arms hold me is as joyous as the first.  I thought you no longer had the dreams, that you no longer  saw the strange lodge which moves through the sky.  I have a gift for you.  It may make you happy. Wait.  I bear your child.  And with the power of the lamp. Lamp?  Which turns night into day, we can cook twice as much food,  and as you taught us, pre  Preserve.  I act like a stupid child. I have nothing to fear. You are  here. (she looks outside) It is time.  KIRK; Time?  To go to the temple. The people will be waiting.  To save them.  The wind is only the beginning. Soon the sky will darken,  the lake will go wild, and the earth will tremble. Only you can save  us.  If we don't go now, it will be too late. You must go inside  the temple and make the blue flame come out.  But you are a god.  There is nothing you cannot do, my husband.  No! No! Don't hurt him!  (Salish holds her back.)  Don't hurt him! He can save us!  I belong to him.  Kirok could not get back into the temple.  I saw him come, come.  (in pain) Kirok. It is true. You are safe.  I knew you would save them, my chief. When I am better, it  will be as it was, will it not?  We will live long and happy lives. I will bear you many  strong sons. I'll love you always.  Each kiss is as the first. (she dies) <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
