I'm Doctor Jones. (Spock removes his visor) The ambassador is  most honoured to meet you, Mister Spock.  (Spock fixes an anti-gravity handle to the Ambassador's box.)  Thank you, but the assignment's not yet definite. It will  depend upon my ability to achieve a true mind-link with the Ambassador.    I wasn't aware that anyone had ever achieved a mind-link with  the Medusans.  I've heard, Mister Spock, that you turned down the assignment  with the Ambassador.  I'm sure the Ambassador would be charmed.  (The box opens slightly, and a green light fills the room. There are  images of a myriad of lights then the lid shuts again.)  I see in your mind that you are tempted to take my place.  Yes. That is why I had to study on Vulcan.  I think I'll stay here a bit. Ambassador Kollos often finds  the process of transport somewhat unsettling.  What is it he sees when he looks at you? I must know!  (The green light fills the room.)  [Dining room] (The senior staff are in dress uniform - Scott with  more plaid than we've seen before. Mister Marvick is present too.)  (Kirk pours a drink while Jones toys with a red rose.)  They, Captain?  Now that you ask, yes.  Thank you, Captain.  I spent four years on Vulcan studying their mental discipline.    Joy can be many things, Doctor. On Vulcan, I learned to do  things impossible to learn anywhere else.  How not to read them, Captain.  Vulcan was necessary to my sanity.  Indeed?  The key is the mind-link that I learned on Vulcan. Once we  have learned the technique of forming a corporate intelligence with the  Medusans, the designers, that's where Larry comes in, can work on  adapting instruments.  How can one so full of joy and the love of life as you,  Doctor, condemn yourself to look upon disease and suffering for the  rest of your life? Can we allow that, gentlemen?  There's somebody nearby thinking of murder.  It's gone now.  It isn't there anymore. Captain, would you mind if I said  goodnight?  Thank you, gentlemen. You make a choice impossible. Please,  stay and enjoy yourselves. It was a delightful dinner.  Of course, Doctor McCoy. Please don't worry about me.  (McCoy kisses her hand, and she leaves.)  Who is it?  It's late.  All right. Come in, then.  (Marvick enters.)  I rather enjoyed it.  I'll be further away than that soon.  Now, we've been over this time and time again.  Larry, please, try to understand.  I've been honest with you. I simply cannot love you the way  you want me to.  And I'm going away with Kollos. That's final. I think you'd  better leave now.  (She turns away, then gets the same impressions she had at dinner.)  So it's you! I didn't know that it was you before. Who is it  you want to kill, Larry? Is it me? You mustn't keep this to yourself. I  want to help you.  No harm has come to the Ambassador, Captain.  Larry Marvick.  Yes, he did.  I'll go with you.  I must. I can reach his mind.  [Engineering] Yes, Larry. I'm here.  I am here, Larry. No. I can see what he sees. No, don't. Don't  think of it!  I've never been to Earth. What lovely flowers. May I touch  them?  They have no scent.  It doesn't hurt anymore.  I didn't want his love. I couldn't return it.  Shall I tell you what human companionship means to me? A  struggle, a defence against the emotions of others. At times, the  emotions burst in on me. Hatred, desire, envy, pity. Pity is the worst  of all. I agree with the Vulcans. Violent emotion is a kind of  insanity.  (Spock, visor in hand, is making his way along a corridor.)  Perhaps.  Ugly. What is ugly? Who is to say whether Kollos is too ugly  to bear or too beautiful to bear?  I see you're a very complicated man.  (Spock enters Kollos' quarters.)  Kollos, no. You mustn't let him!  Let me go. You have no idea what a dangerous thing Spock is  planning. We must stop him! Let me go!  (They leave together.)  [Corridor] (Miranda meets Spock coming out of Kollos'  quarters.)  Why? I've already committed myself to mind-link when Kollos  and I reach the Medusan vessel. Why put yourself in jeopardy?  Then teach me to operate the ship. I can memorise instantly.  Pity, which I hate. Do you think you can gather more  information with your eyes than I can with my sensors? I could play  tennis with you, Captain Kirk. I might even beat you. I am standing  exactly one metre, four centimetres from the door. Can you judge  distance that accurately? I can even tell you how fast your heart is  beating.  No. I won't let you.  No.  It seems I have no choice but to obey you.  Captain's log, supplementary. Our one chance to  return to our own galaxy is dependent upon the navigational skills  of the Medusan ambassador. With that end in view, Kollos has been  brought to the bridge and placed behind a protective shield.  [Bridge] (Kollos is by Spock's station, and Spock is wearing  a visor. The lid opens, then Spock comes out from behind the shield and  takes off the visor.)  'Tis new to thee.  Who is it? Doctor McCoy? Who's there?  I have no news for you, Captain.  Only that his life processes are ebbing.  Why, what I can, of course.  No doubt you think I can wake him with a kiss.  But he is a Vulcan.  Face reality, Captain. His mind has gone down almost too far  even for me to reach!  That's a lie!  You're insane!  That's a lie! Liar!  Sadistic, filthy liar!  Don't say anymore, please!  Please go away!  [Outside Sickbay] Now, Spock, this is to the death. Or to  life for both of us.  (She touches his forehead, then we get distorted images of what Spock  saw while he was insane. Finally he opens his eyes and connects with  Miranda.)  [Doctor's Office] (The door opens, and Spock staggers in from the  corridor.)  I am one with Kollos.  We come to the end of an eventful trip, Captain.  Well, I have you to thank for my future. Your words enabled me  to see.  I suppose it has thorns.  (to Spock) I know now the great joy you felt when you joined  minds with Kollos.  I understand, Mister Spock. The glory of creation is in its  infinite diversity.  Peace and long life, Spock. 
