Hold it, Jim.  Yeah, well I figured you weren't on the Bridge. Kelso's voice  sounded a little nervous. Well, uh, you finish the game?  Yore relieved, Mister Alden.  Neutralise warp, sir.  Intercraft open.  Department heads, sir. You wanted everybody on the Bridge  before we left the galaxy.  Jones.    Improving the breed, Doctor? Is that your line?  (to Kelso) Walking freezer unit.  We're coming up on it fast.  I'm a little weak for some reason, Jim, but I feel all right  now. (opens eyes, they're glowing)  Captain's log, Star date 1312.9. Ship's condition,  heading back on impulse power only. Main engines burned out. The ship's  space warp ability gone. Earth bases which were only days away are now  years in the distance. Our overriding question now is what destroyed  the Valiant? They lived through the barrier, just as we have. What  happened to them after that?  [Bridge] (without looking) Hello, Jim. Hey, you  look worried.  Yeah, she was nova, that one. Not nearly as many  after-effects this time, except for the eyes. They kind of stare back  at me when I'm shaving.  Well, in a way, I feel better than I've ever felt before in my  life. Actually seems to have done me some good.  Well, I'm getting a chance to read some of that longhair  stuff you like. Hey man, I remember you back at the Academy. A stack of  books with legs. The first thing I ever heard from an upperclassman was,  watch out for Lieutenant Kirk. In his class, you either think or sink.  If I hadn't aimed that little blonde lab technician at you  Well, you wanted me to think, didn't you? I outlined her  whole campaign for her.  Better be good to me. I'm getting even better ideas here.  Once you get into him, he's rather simple though. Childish,  almost. I don't agree with him at all.  Hey, I'm trying to tell you I feel fine. When do I go back on  duty?  With almost a hundred women on board, you can do better than  that, friend Captain.  That doesn't seem very friendly. (weird voice) Didn't I say you'd better be (normal) good to me? [Bridge] I've got nothing against you, Doctor.  Well, I, sorry about that.  You know, everybody, everybody seems worried that I don't  have some kind of fever or something. Maybe if we could just change  these dials (sends them soaring). Now back to normal, I think.  I'm not sure, I, I just thought of making it happen, and it  does. It's, hey, er hey watch this, Doc.  (indicators plummet, Mitchell collapses)  Yeah. Oh, boy. You, you know, Doc, there have been other  things too, like going halfway through the ship's library  in hardly a day. Yeah. Oh, what's happening to me?  Yeah.  Sure. Yeah.  Yeah.  My love has wings. Slender, feathered things with grace in  upswept curve and tapered tip. The Nightingale Woman,  written by Phineas Tarbolde on the Canopius planet back in 1996. It's  funny you picked that one, Doctor.  That's one of the most passionate love sonnets of the past  couple of centuries. How do you feel, Doctor?  How do you feel?  So, er, so, how go the repairs?  You'd better check the starboard impulse packs. Those points  have about decayed to lead.  I'm not joking, Lee! You activate those packs, and you'll  blow the whole impulse deck.  He's a fool. A fool. He'd seen those points and he hadn't  noticed their condition.  The image of what he'd seen was still in his mind.  [Briefing room] I'm thirsty. (cup slides under tap, is  filled, then flies through the air to his hand) It's like a man who has  been blind all of his life, suddenly being given sight. Sometimes I  feel there's nothing I couldn't do, in time. Some people think that  makes me a monster, don't they Jim.  I can sense mainly worry in you, Jim. Safety of your ship.  Probably just what Mister Spock is thinking now. Kill me  while you can.  (He zaps Kirk and Spock with electric bolts)  I also know we're orbiting Delta Vega, Jim. I can't let you  force me down there. I may not want to leave this ship, not yet. I may  want another place. I'm not sure yet just what kind of a world I can  use.  I don't understand it all yet, but if I keep growing, getting  stronger, why, the things I could do, like, like maybe a god could do.  (Kirk knocks him out)  You fools! Soon I'll squash you like  insects. (Piper re-sedates him)  My friend James Kirk. remember those rodent things on  Dimorus? The poisoned darts they threw? I took one meant for you.  So why be afraid of me now?  I was drugged then.  Why don't you kill me then? Mister Spock is right and you're  a fool if you can't see it.  Man cannot survive if a race of true espers is born. In time  you'll understand that. (tests the forcefield)  Jim.  I'll just keep getting stronger. You know that, don't you.  [Bridge] You should have killed me while you could, James. Command and  compassion is a fool's mixture. (zaps Kirk and Spock then waves away  the forcefield. He leads Dehner into his cell and we see in the mirror  her eyes are like his now)  Then I shall make one. Behold. (creates and oasis with  flowers and a spring) You'll soon share this feeling, Elizabeth. To be  like God, to have the power to make the world anything you want it to  be.  A visitor. A very foolish man. You'll enjoy being a god,  Elizabeth. Blasphemy? No. Let there be food. Kaferian apples. Whenever  we visited that planet, I always favoured these. Can you hear me,  James? You cannot see me. I'm not there. You follow the right path,  James. You'll come to me soon.  Go to him, Elizabeth, talk to him. Now that you're changing I  want you to see just how unimportant they are.  I'm disappointed in you, Elizabeth. (phaser rifle has no  effect on him) I've been contemplating the death of an old friend. He  deserves a decent burial, at least. (a grave appears in the rock, with  a tombstone engraved James R Kirk. A massive boulder on the cliff above  is loosened)  Morals are for men, not gods.  Time to pray, Captain. Pray to me.  Pray that you die easily.  Your last chance, Kirk.  For a moment, James, but your moment is fading.  (They both  fall into the grave, but Kirk leaps out first, grabs the rifle and  brings the boulder down to entomb Mitchell) 
