Meaning no ingratitude, gentlemen, but just where is it I find  meself?  It's really a darn beautiful ship, isn't it? Really a beautiful  ship. Oh, the name, gentlemen, is Walsh, Captain Leo Walsh.  Just a few more.  We couldn't be sure you was a friendly vessel, now could we. Ah,  but the three will be in position about by now.  [Bridge] It's all right, darlings. We're in good hands. [Bridge] That fellow sounded a mite upset, didn't he?  Oh, no, that's everyone, all right, but so far as the ladies  actually being the crew  Ah, sure, these starships are really  something marvellous, but men will always be men no matter where they  are. Eh, mister? You'll never take that out of them.  [Turbolift] You're part Vulcanian, aren't you. Ah well then, a pretty face  doesn't affect you at all, does it. That is, unless you want it to. You  can save it, girls. This type can turn himself off from any emotion.  I'll handle the conversation, darling.  [Captain's quarters] Well, no, Captain. This is me cargo.  Captain's log, Stardate 1329.1. We've taken aboard  from unregistered transport vessel its captain and, and three unusual  females. These women have a mysterious magnetic effect on the male  members of my crew, including myself. Explanation unknown at present.  [Captain's quarters] Well, how the devil am I supposed to know  this is a starship, Captain? Here I am with a cargo of young lovelies.  A strange ship comes up alongside. Well. naturally I did my best to  evade you. And starship Captain or no, you exceeded your authority when  you drove me and mine into a shower of asteroids.  Walsh. Leo Walsh. You destroyed me ship, Captain.  You're a hard-nosed one, Captain.  Shh! Calm down now, darlings. Would you mind waiting outside?  Well, now, answer every question they put to you. Don't lie.  Well, you've no need to, have you, and don't submit to a med. That is,  being so healthy, they've no need for a medical exam, have they.  They won't. Have you no place to go lads?  No, no, no, they won't. Just let Leo take all the hard questions.  Now don't be panicking, loves. We'll get to  Leo Francis Walsh.  Gentlemen, surely you're not going to take the word of a soulless  mechanical device over that of a real flesh and blood man.  Harry Mudd.  Harcourt Fenton Mudd.  Of course not. Gentlemen, I'm simply an honest businessman.  Blast that tin-plated pot.  It can't, darling. It can't. Just what's on the record.    What? My tiny ship in this immense galaxy a menace to navigation?    Untrue! I have a master's ticket.  All right. Well, very simply, Leo Walsh, who was to be my captain  on this trip, passed away suddenly. Well, I had no choice but to take  out me ship me own self. I assumed Leo's name out of courtesy to him.  In memoriam, as it were. A fine, fine man, alas, gone to his reward.  Planet Ophiuchus 3. Wiving settlers.  I recruit wives for settlers, a difficult but satisfying task.  You see, gentlemen, just as I told you. Three lovely ladies  destined for frontier planets to be the companions of lonely men, to  supply that warmth of a human touch that's so desperately needed. A  wife, a home, a family. Gentlemen, I look upon this work as a sacred  public trust. I've devoted me whole life to it.  Well, I'm about to start devoting my entire life to it.  Well, of course! Now, for example, Ruthie here comes from a  pelagic planet, sea ranchers. Magda there from the helium experimental  station.  Fine, Evie. Fine.  That's enough, Evie.  Only heaven's own truth, which I've just given you.  Oh, you beautiful galaxy! Oh, that heavenly universe! Well,  girls, lithium miners. Don't you understand? Lonely, isolated,  overworked, rich lithium miners! Girls, do you still want husbands,  hmm? Evie, you won't be satisfied with a mere ship's captain. I'll get  you a man who can buy you a whole planet. Maggie, you're going to be a  countess. Ruth, I'll make you a duchess. And I, I'll be running this  starship. Captain James Kirk, the next orders you're taking will be  given by Harcourt Fenton Mudd!  Captain's log-- Stardate 1330.1. Position, fourteen  hours out of Rigel 12. We're on auxiliary impulse engines. Fuel low,  barely sufficient to achieve orbit over the planet. Lithium  replacements are now imperative. The effect of Mudd's women on my crew  continues to grow, still totally unexplained. Harry Mudd is confined to  his quarters under guard.  [Sickbay] Just three? You're sure?  Later, dear, later. Magda, did you get to your communications  man?  And they've been there?  Perfect. Perfect. Three of them and three lovely ladies has Harry  Mudd. And lithium crystals, my dear, are worth three hundred times  their weight in diamonds, thousands of times their weight in gold.  No, my dears. After one more job for you, it won't be Harry Mudd  that's trapped. It will be a gentleman named James T  Well, I'm not really surprised. I've seen you noticing the  Captain.  Rigel 12. Rigel 12.  Well, this isn't exactly the Enterprise. My name is Harry Mudd.  To whom have I the pleasure of speaking, sir?  [Bridge] (ransacking drawers frantically) For whom, Evie? For Kirk? You'll  find out that Ship's captains are already married, girl, to their  vessels. You'd find out the first time you came between him and the  ship. You'll see.  I didn't hide them, girl. I put them in a safe place in case I  was searched.  Mattress! Yes, here! (Ruth and Magda devour them eagerly) Go on,  Eve. Take it. It's not a cheat. It's a miracle for some man who can  appreciate it and who needs it.  [Kirk's quarters] Come along, ladies, come along. You must be Ben Childress. Come  on now, girls, come on.  I'm told they have only three days of orbit left before they  start spiraling in. I do hate to see you suffering such a situation,  Captain, but truth is truth, and the sad fact is you will deal. Sooner  or later, you'll have to.  Captain's log. Transporting down to surface of  planet Rigel 12 to acquire replacement lithium crystals. Expect further  difficulty from miners.  [Miner's camp] Thank heaven you found her.  Ah. Yes, well.  Well, actually, you see, it's a relatively harmless drug.  Well, what it does is give you more of whatever you have. Well,  with men, it makes them more muscular. Women, rounder. Men, more  aggressive. Women, more feminine, and  Mister Childress, I  If they want to.  You can't condemn the women.  Yes, they took away my drug and substituted that.  Or man, for that matter.  Don't you think you could possibly, by accident, arrange to leave  me behind here? On this planet that would be punishment enough.  They'll throw away the key.  [Bridge]
Welcome aboard, Kirk. It's been a long time, eh?  Well, to be absolutely accurate, laddybuck, you should refer to  me as Mudd the First, ruler of this entire sovereign planet.  Well, I'm afraid there's a bit of a problem there.  Alice.  Now, now, now, now, Jamie boy, let's have no unauthorised  communications.  Come now.  Entrepreneur.  Did I leave you with that impression?  And thereby hangs a tale, yes. But look around you, Kirk. Quite a  place, isn't it? I hope you're all going to enjoy it.  I shall do that, Kirk, when I'm ready.  And I do the telling on this planet, Kirk, old boy. You do the  listening.  Merely that you might as well start enjoying yourselves. It's  really a very, very nice place, and you're all going to be here  quite probably for the rest of your lives. (laughs)  Sorry. That'd be against the law. My law. Decreed by Mudd the  First. Voted in by the resident population. Lovely, aren't they? You  must admit, Kirk, that I still retain my eye for beauty. I decreed that  I should always be surrounded by it, and my decrees always come to  pass. I've had five hundred of them made up to attend me. All of them  identical, beautiful, compliant, obedient.  I have a fondness for this particular model, Mister Spock, which  you, unfortunately, are ill-equipped to appreciate.  Yes, well, I organised a technical information service bringing  modern industrial techniques to backward planets, making available  certain valuable patents to struggling young civilisations throughout  the galaxy.  Well, actually, Kirk, as a defender of the free enterprise  system, I found myself in a rather ambiguous conflict  as a matter of principle.  Knowledge, sir, should be free to all.  That, sir, is an outrageous assumption.  I sold the Denebians all the rights to a Vulcan fuel synthesiser.    How'd you know?  It's typical police mentality. They've got no sense of humour.  They arrested me.  Worse than that. Do know what the penalty for fraud is on Deneb  Five?  The key word in your entire peroration, Mister Spock, was, death.  Barbarians. Well, of course, I left.  I borrowed transportation.  The patrol reacted in a hostile manner.  They've no respect for private property. They damaged the bloody  spaceship. Well, I got away, but I couldn't navigate, so I wandered out  through unmapped space, and here I found Mudd.  Spock, you're going to love it here. They all talk just the way  you do.  Yes, well, right, laddybuck. So here I am in a planet with over  two hundred thousand hard-working, happy androids, all of whom exist  merely to serve my every whim. It's absolute paradise.  They won't let me go. They want to study me. They want to learn  more about human beings.  Watch your tongue, lad. You're talking about Mudd the First.  Well, anyway, I ran out of ideas. I simply ran out of things for them  to do, and they insisted that I bring them more human beings. They need  human beings to serve, to study. So I had to promise them a prime  sample. A starship captain. Bright, loyal, fearless and imaginative.  Any captain would have done. I was lucky to get you. So you are going  to take over for me here, and I can get off this rock and back to  civilisation.  You misunderstand me, lad. I'm not asking you. I'm telling you.  You've no choice. Show them to their quarters.  Ah. That, gentlemen, is a shrine to the memory of my beloved  Stella.  Stella, my wife.  (Revealing a woman of sour features.)  Oh, no, no, no. Merely deserted. You see, gentlemen, behind every  great man there is a woman urging him on. And so it was with my Stella.  She urged me on into outer space. Not that she meant to, but with her  continual, eternal, confounded nagging. Well, I think of her  constantly, and every time I do, I go further out into space.  I had the androids construct a perfect replica of Stella so that  I could gaze upon her and rejoice in her absence. Gentlemen, attend.  Stella, dear.  Shut up.  Marvellous, isn't it? I finally have the last word with her, and  with you. [Living area] (Norman and the Alices lead the landing party to a  place with couches and plants.)  They were, of course, made to my personal specifications, as  indeed were the Maisie series, the Trudie series, and particularly the  Annabel series.  Male? Well, I suppose they have their uses.  Immortality and eternal beauty. [Living area] I'm so glad you enjoyed it, Doctor.  I do so admire a man who devotes himself to knowledge.  Stubborn, Kirk. Stubborn.  Splendid. Splendid. Welcome to Mudd, Mister Scott.  Didn't I tell you, Kirk? I beamed a few dozen androids up to your  ship. They've been sending your crew to the surface for the past couple  of hours. They're all down now.  There is an entire crew aboard. An entire crew of androids. They  learn very quickly, Captain. The fact is, I've taken over your whole  ship. There's nothing you can do about it.  Well, who's to stop me?  But now, Captain, now I have a ship of my own as fast as any in  the fleet, so how will they catch me, eh? Just think of it, laddybuck.  Harry Mudd with his own crew of lovelies aboard your vessel. Think  about that.  Alice.  (Mudd and Alice leave.)  Afraid I won't have time to answer them. My bags are all packed.  The androids will take the Enterprise out of orbit in less than twenty  four hours. But it's been a real pleasure having you here, Kirk. Is  there anything I can get for you?  You're a stubborn fellow, aren't you? But I don't mind. I don't  mind that at all. Because I'll be leaving here quickly enough, and then  you can be stubborn at your own leisure. One last time. Stella, dear.  Shut up!  Alice Number 2, my little love. Will you have my bags transported  up to the ship?  What?  Why not?  Yes, but that's what I'm saying. Put my bags on the ship.  Now, look here. You can't do that! Now, listen. To serve us, you  must obey us.  Alice number One, obey me. Put my bags on that ship!  (She gives him a gentle push and he goes reeling backwards until he  falls.)  Take my word for it, they can.  You're so smart, Kirk, you and this pointy-eared thinking machine  of yours. Well, you'd better do something because I'm as anxious to get  off this ruddy rock as you are.  Oh, yes.  Captain, you sing and dance as well as anyone I've ever seen, but  what the devil are you talking about?  Opportunity? Now, listen, Spock, you may be a wonderful science  officer, but believe me, you couldn't sell fake patents to your mother.    Forget it.  Captain, the kind of a wholesome, antiseptic galaxy that these  androids would run would be purgatory for a man like me.  What can I do?  What do you mean? (McCoy produces a hypo) Oh, now, now wait a  minute, gentlemen. No, what I, I, (gets injected) had in mind was  actually more in the line of a few words of sage counsel as it were.  Advice (passes out in Kirk and Scott's arms)  But you already have, Norman, laddy. Human beings do not survive  on bread alone, you poor soulless creature, but on the nourishments of  liberty, for what indeed is a man without freedom? Naught but a  mechanism trapped in the cogwheels of eternity.  Brilliant! Bravo, bravo, Captain!  Don't panic. Women and children first.  Mister Spock, isn't that too much for our purposes?  Aye, aye! (adopts a catchers pose)  (to McCoy) Detonator. Fuse. Primer. Mashie.  (Adopts a golfing stance.)  I lied.  Listen to this carefully, Norman. I am lying.  Kirk, old man, I'm beginning to develop considerable respect for  you.  Would you consider entering a partnership arrangement with me?  I've got some ideas.  Yes.  Kirk, now what's this I hear about my having to stay here?  But what do I do? Kirk, I'm no scientist.  How long?  I suppose that taking everything into consideration, as it were,  and noting all the different possibilities,  I could manage. And as detention sentences go, this one isn't too  uncomfortable. And I'm back in the galaxy again!  I call that unexpectedly civil of you, Captain.  Shut up!  I order you. Shut up, Stella!  Kirk, you can't do this.  It's inhuman.  No. Number five hundred? No, no, no.  (barely heard over the cacophony) Kirk. It's inhuman. Mercy. 
