They or it?  Doctor Ann Mulhall, Astro-biology. Well, I was ordered to  report here for landing party duty.  Strange, I'm not sure. Well, I'm not a liar, Captain. I did  receive an order to report here for duty.  Atmosphere report, Captain. A fraction richer in oxygen than  usual for us, but otherwise normal.  All readings are off the scale, Captain.  Our beliefs and our studies indicate that life on our planet,  Earth, evolved independently.  Yes, I have the same readings.  He'll die if you don't leave his body. Soon!  So you could steal our bodies from us?  We have engineers, technicians. Why can't they build your  robots for you?  I'm afraid that I must agree with Doctor McCoy. You could be  suffering from a form of false euphoria.  I'm not so certain of that, Doctor. It is scientifically  fascinating.  Well, if we all agree, I'm willing to host Thalassa's mind.  I'm a scientist. The opportunity is an extraordinary one for  experimentation, observation.  (echoy) I'd forgotten what it felt like even to breathe again.  Sargon?  I am not displeased, my husband. Your body is not unlike that  which was your own.  After so long. So very long.  Sargon, I remember a day long ago. We sat beside a silver  lake. The air was scented with the flowers of our planet.  What is it, Sargon?  Thank you. Have you prepared the negaton hydracoils for the  drawing Sargon supplied?  That would be highly inefficient.  They're not ours, Henoch.  No. I'm beginning to hate it.  (She rushes out, and 'Spock' smirks.) [Briefing room] Sargon, what is it?  Henoch's formula.  In time, a host body will become accustomed to us, husband.  Injections will no longer be necessary.  Husband. Feel the touch of my hand, husband.  Beloved. What will that word mean to a machine?  Will they, husband? Will they intertwine like this? Can two  minds press close like this? Can robot lips do this? (they kiss, then  Kirk falls gently to the floor) Sargon, what is it?  (McCoy and Chapel enter.)  Doctor, help him!  Why pretend to work on that thing, Henoch? You know you never  intended to leave Spock's body.  No!  I cannot live in that thing.  [Sickbay] Doctor.  Would you like to save your Captain Kirk?  We have many powers Sargon did not permit us to use. He  thought them too tempting to us. This body pleases me. I intend to keep  it.  Henoch's plans are his own affair. I wish only to exist in  peace as a living woman.  I require only your silence. Only you and I will know that  Doctor Mulhall has not returned to her body. Isn't that worth your  captain's life? Doctor, we can take what we wish. Neither you, this  ship, nor worlds have the power to stop us.  Who you hardly know. Almost a stranger to you.  A physician? In contrast to what we are, you are a prancing,  savage medicine man. You dare defy one you should be on your knees  worshipping? I could destroy you with a single thought.  (McCoy is suddenly writhing in pain as he is surrounded by  flames.)  Stop! (the flames are gone) Sargon was right. The temptations  within a living body are too great. Forgive me.  Sargon? Where are you? I thought you destroyed by Henoch.  Yes. Yes, I see. I understand. Just as we would have placed  our consciousness within robots, Sargon has placed his into your  vessel.  Doctor, leave us. Sargon has a plan. We have much work to do. [McCoy's office] (McCoy leaves the room, and the door shuts and  locks behind him. The ship shakes as he activates his desk monitor.)  She is now with Sargon, Doctor. I'm Ann Mulhall, back in my  own body.  (Then we see the three blackened and broken spheres.)  Oblivion together does not frighten me, beloved. Promise we'll  be together.  Together forever.  Yes. I was happy to co-operate, Captain. 
