These are weapons?  I am Natira, the high priestess of the people. Welcome to the  world of Yonada.  Take them.  (Everyone gets inside the tube and goes down the stairs. Natira leads  the way along a corridor. The people bow to her.) [Oracle room] (Natira opens the door by waving her hands in front  of carved symbols.)  You will kneel.  (Kirk, Spock and McCoy kneel. Natira steps onto a pentagonal platform  and kneels in front of an obelisk with a sun-burst on it.)  Oh, Oracle of the people, most perfect and wise. Strangers have  come to our world. They bear instruments we do not understand.  (She stands and turns to face the three.)  Who are you?  (They stand too.)  For what reason do you visit this world?  What happened?  (to woman) Fetch the guard. (kneels and prays) Forgive him for  he was an old man, and old men are sometimes foolish. But it is written  that those of the people who sin or speak evil shall be punished.  (guards arrive) He served well for many years. Take him away, gently.  (The body is removed, and McCoy sits down.)  You do not seem well. It is distressing to me.  It is the will of the Oracle that you now be treated as  honoured guests.  (She goes to help the women prepare the food and pour drink.)  It is time to refresh yourselves.  (Glasses are handed out.)  That pleases us.  Not at all. The people know of you now. (to McCoy) Are you well  enough to go about?  Then why not remain here? Rest. We will talk.  You are free to go about and meet our people.  Not at all. We shall make him well.  Leave us.  (The women leave.)  I cannot tell you now.  What we say, what we think. The Oracle knows the minds and the  hearts of all the people. I did not know you would be hurt so badly.  McCoy, there is something I must say. Since the moment I. It is  not in the manner of the people to hide their feelings.  Is there a woman for you?  Does McCoy find me attractive?  I hope you men of space, of other worlds, hold truth as dear as  we do.  I wish you to stay here on Yonada as my mate.  But is not that the nature of men and women? That the pleasure  is in the learning of each other?  Let the thought rest in your heart, McCoy. [Street cum Corridor] The people, in the fullness of time, will  reach a new world. Rich, green, lovely to the eyes, and of a goodness  that will fill the hearts of the people with tears of joy. You can  share that world with me, rule it by my side.  Soon. The Oracle will only say soon.  You have lived a lonely life?  No more, McCoy. There will be no more loneliness for you.  There is nothing you need to say.  Then tell me, if the telling is such a need.  Until I saw you, there was nothing in my heart. It sustained my  life, but nothing more. Now it sings. I could be happy to have that  feeling for a day, a week, a month, a year. Whatever the creators hold  in store for us.  (They kiss.) [Street cum Corridor] It is I, Natira.  It is written only the high priestess of the people may select  her mate.  The strangers among us, the three visitors. There is one called  McCoy. I wish him to remain here as my mate.  I have asked him. He has not yet given me his answer.  He will be told what must be done.  It will be done, o most wise.  (She gets up, opens the door, and electricity hits Kirk and Spock. She  dashes back to the platform.)  Two of the strangers, Kirk and Spock.  No.  I know. (guards run in) When the oracle releases them, take  them. Fools. You think we are children? You think you can do as you  please, commit whatever offence amuses you? [Natira's room] They entered the Oracle room.  Yes. I can make no other decision. We gave them our trust, they  betrayed us.  They said they came in friendship.  I cannot.  Yes. So be it. This I will do for McCoy. For our happiness and  future. [Planet surface] (McCoy hands communicators to Kirk and Spock.)  Say now, because once done, it is done.  You are now one with my people. (she kneels beside him) May I  give you the love you want, and make the time you have beautiful.  One heart.  It is done, O most wise. Our living link with the creators.  This is the Book of the People, to be opened and read when we  reach the new world of the promise.  It was given by the creators.  Only that it tells of our world here and why soon, one day, we  must leave it for the new world.  No, it has not.  No. It is enough for me to know that we shall understand all  when we reach our home.  Captain's Log, stardate 5476.4. We are on a  parallel course with Yonada. It is still on a collision course with  Daran Five. Our failure to correct its course and the critical nature  of Doctor McCoy's illness made the extraordinary event  of contact with Starfleet Command imperative.  [Kirk's quarters] You are killers of your friend. I will have you put to death.  Until you are dead, he will think of you and disobey! I will  see you die!  (in tears) He is not part of our people. You've released him  from his vow of obedience.  McCoy.  They must not know.  You will never see the book. It is sacrilege! Guards! Guards!  Guards!  What do you wish to say?  Your truth, of your world.  You don't obey the law of the creators. How can you understand  my world?  That is a world of which Yonada is a part.  You are mad.  You wish me to believe that Yonada is a ship?  But we have a sun. It did not die. At night I see the stars.  Why should the (she gets a pain) Why should the truth wait for  you to come to Yonada?  Why should the truth be kept from us? Why should the creators  keep us in darkness? No. No, you do not speak the truth. I believe only  the Oracle. I believe!  Yes. I have listened.  Yes, I did.  They said they spoke the truth.  Is truth not truth for all?  I must know the truth of the world!  (She falls unconscious, off the platform. Kirk, McCoy and Spock enter.  McCoy cradles her as she wakes.)  Your friends have told me of your world.  I believe you. I believe. The creators kept us in darkness.  There's nothing I can do. I believe with you, husband.  (McCoy removes her Instrument of Obedience.)  Your friends have prevented it?  And will they send this this ship again to the land the  creators intended?  That is good. [Control room] No.  I do not fear the punishment of disobedience.  Well, then, come. We must hurry to join  No, I cannot go with you. It is not fear. I understand the  great purpose of the creators. I shall honour it.  I shall stay willingly, and because that is what I must do.  Will McCoy stay here to die? No. McCoy will not let go of life  and the fullness of years.  This is my universe. You came here with a great mission to save  my people. Shall I abandon them? Perhaps one day, if it is permitted,  you will find Yonada again. [Control room]
