Hold.  Provider One bids three hundred quatloos for the newcomers.  Two thousand.  Accepted. Mark them, Galt.  (Galt's eyes go bright, and the badges on the collars turn red.)  Is that what you humans call compassion? It is interesting,  but it has no value here. You present many interesting aspects,  Captain, but you must learn obedience. Then you will be an excellent  thrall.  (Shahna's collar stops glowing.)  No, Mister Spock, you will not leave the ship. [Combat area] None of your control systems will  operate.  Commendations, gentlemen. Your ingenuity in discovering the  whereabouts of your companions is noteworthy.  We are known to the thralls as Providers because we provide  for all their needs. The term is easier for their limited mental  abilities to comprehend. [Combat area] Your species has great curiosity. [Combat area] We knew that. You are interesting in many  ways.  You present no danger while you wear the  collar [Combat area] And you wear it as long as you live.  There is no objection. [Cavern] (It is vast, obviously constructed with ceiling  lights and a power plant in the background. In the foreground is a  transparent dome with three yellow brains in it.)  (a brain pulsates red) We are one thousand of your metres  beneath the surface.  The thralls are necessary to the games. We have found  athletic competitions our only challenge, the only thing which  furnishes us with purpose.  We use only inferior beings.  Your ship will be destroyed by a magnetic storm. No  communications with your base will be possible. Your fate will remain a  mystery to your people.  Wager? Explain yourself, Captain.  Four hundred quatloos against the newcomers.  Name your stakes, Captain.  And if you lose, Captain?  Your stakes are indeed high, Captain.  As leader of your people, your spirit seems most indomitable.  We suggest you alone, pitted against three contestants of our choosing.    On the contrary, they're extremely fair, since your  alternative is death.  Galt will prepare you. [Combat area] (Lars has a net, Kloog has his whip, and an  Andorian has the pole weapon, same as Kirk.)  Because you wager your skill for all your people, they will  be permitted to watch the outcome of the game on the ship's viewscreen.  [Bridge] Captain, you will defend. Thralls must stay in the blue area.  You will take the yellow. Touching an opposing colour deprives a  contestant of one weapon.  An opponent must be killed to be removed from the game. If only  wounded, he is replaced by a fresh thrall. Is that clear, Captain? [Combat area] You have won, Captain Kirk, unfortunately. However, the terms  of the wager will be honoured. You are free. Remove your collars.  (They come off easily.)  They will be trained. We have said it. 
Landing party, come in.  Quarters are being prepared, sir. Have I permission to send  out scouting and scientific parties now?  I didn't get that last message, Captain.  Landing party, come in. 
