Doctor Helen Noel, Captain. We've met. Don't you remember the  science lab Christmas party?  You dropped in  Perhaps it would be simpler if you called me Helen, Captain,  since  Of course, Captain.  [Turbolift] (in his arms) I wouldn't recommend it for weak hearts.  [Adam's study] Perhaps you'll call me Helen, Doctor. With so many titles around,  we're not going to be sure who's talking to who.  Thank you.  A shifting of memory patterns is basic to psychotherapy.  Captain, if something hasn't worked out and therefore has no  scientific fact  Since you brought me down here for advice, Captain  Tranquillisers are fine, Captain, but to continually pump  chemicals into a person's bloodstream  Beam neutralising has been experimented with on Earth, Captain.  I'm not acquainted with this particular style of equipment, but I can  assure you that Doctor Adams has not created a chamber of horrors here.  Oh, that's foolish.  He's suffering from [Sickbay] neuro-synapse damage, as if his brain  were short-circuited. It's no wonder he's having delusions.  Good evening.  You could've waited until tomorrow morning to ask me that,  Captain.  I thought they were happy, well-adjusted.  Captain, if you're questioning the methods of a man like Tristan  Adams  Yes, somewhat, but if you'd simply state any doubts you have to  Doctor Adams  Coming.  [Sickbay] Yes.  Yes, Captain. I know my profession. (Kirk sits in treatment  chair) Ready?  We'll try minimum intensity, a second or two. (light turns)  We already tried it for that long, Captain.  Something happened. Your face went completely blank.  (light turns) You're hungry.  I put that suggestion in your mind, Captain. I said simply that  you were hungry.  I think we should try this again.  (light turns) At the Christmas party, we met, we danced, you  talked about the stars. I suggest now that it happened in a different  way. You swept me off my feet and carried me to your cabin.  [Kirk's quarters] Captain, if your crew saw you carry me here.  But my reputation. I mean, just having met like this. Of course,  it would be different if you cared for me.  No, I prefer honesty. (they kiss)  [Treatment room] No, Doctor! No!  No.  No!  [Kirk's room] They've taken you from the room, Captain.  You're in your own quarters now.  Try to remember.  He placed all that in your mind.  Remember. Doctor Adams took the controls away from me. Do you  remember the pain and then his voice? Remember?  No.  Anything's better than Adams' treatment room. (he closes the  cover behind her and the door opens) Time for another treatment?  [Treatment room] Captain. Captain?  Yes. This isn't right, Captain. (Spock enters) Doctor Adams did  this to you.  The machine wasn't on high enough to kill.  I understand.  [Bridge]
