We must obtain the same firesticks, husband. You could be killing  them instead. We could take their houses, their goods.  In time? They kill your people! I am a Kahn-ut-tu woman. In all  this land, how many are there? Men seek us because through us they  become great leaders.  And I have spells that help me keep you. Remember this leaf? The  night we camped by the water?  Oh, Tyree, did you really hate that madness?  (She rubs the leaf down his arm, scratching him and leaving pieces  attached to his skin.)  Only one lovely beast, Tyree, my huge, angry man.  (They kiss passionately.)  What is it?  Strangers?  That one. Bring him when his head clears. [Cave] (Kirk is shivering under his furs, so McCoy uses  his phaser to heat a rock.) [Tyree's camp] The stranger, where is he?  (She is pointed to the cave.) [Cave] (McCoy is heating another couple of rocks when she  arrives. The sight of such a powerful weapon stops her from going in.)  [Tyree's camp] (Tyree arrives, running.)  Tyree, you wish me to save him?  My remedies require I know what kind of man he is. All that is  known of him.  And I am your wife, his sister. I promise silence also.  Quickly! Or he dies.  [Sickbay] (The indicators over Spock's bed are very low.  Chapel is holding his hand, but puts it down quickly when the door  opens.)  And I'm Tyree's woman.  A mahko root.  For those who know where to find it, how to use it, how to pick  it.  (She holds out her hand, and Tyree cuts it with his knife. Then she  starts writhing for a few moments before putting the mahko root onto  Kirk's wound and holding it there with her bleeding hand.)  Take this of my soul. This of my soul. Thine own. Into thine.  Deeply. Together. Your pain is mine. All mine. Your soul and mine,  together! Return. It is past. Return. Return!  (Tyree beats a drum then she collapses, exhausted, across Kirk's bare  chest. The root is  shriveled. Kirk wakes up.)  Our blood has passed through the mahko root together. Our souls  have been together. He is mine now.  I am a kahn-ut-tu, Captain. I cured you.  Good. It is past time to plan.  And of things to be done.  I've seen them also, and I know you have many ways to make your  friend Tyree a man of great importance.  Tyree has told me much of you. Do not blame him. It was the price  for saving your life.  From one of the lights in the sky, and you have ways as far above  firesticks as the sky above our world.  I will not if I am made to understand. Teach me. There's an old  custom among my people. When a woman saves a man's life,  he is grateful.  Some men never grow.  You must let the villagers destroy us? You will not help your  friend and brother kill them instead?  We must fight or die! Is dying better? You would let him die when  you have weapons to make him powerful and safe? Then he has the wrong  friends. And I have the wrong husband. (leaves)  You are here because I wished you here.  Yes. They always believe they come of free will. Tyree thought  the same when I cast my first spell on him.  Can you smell this fragrance? Some find it pleasing.  (It is the same planet that she used on Tyree.)  Again. Some find it soothing. Yes.  Happy. Yes. You feel good.  (Tyree overhears her, and he is carrying a gun.)  Kiss me.  (Kirk gives in, but Tyree cannot bring himself to squeeze the trigger.  He throws the gun down in disgust and runs. Nona and Kirk are  interrupted by the shriek of a mugato. Kirk is so besotted that Nona  has difficulty getting out of his embrace and trying to escape.  Eventually Kirk thinks to draw his phaser and kill the attacking  creature. She decides to hit him over the head to get the phaser for  herself.)  [Tyree's camp] (Tyree returns.)  I bring you victory for Apella!  )  Take me to him. He will have the strength to use this new weapon.    (Villager number one grabs Nona, and she slaps him off.)  Touch me again, and this small box will kill you.  (They don't believe her, and all four men struggle with her.  [Countryside] (McCoy is about to give Kirk an injection to go  with the headache pills.)  This weapon I bring you is far greater than  your firesticks.  (Still, all the men want is to have their wicked way with her, and she  screams. Kirk, Tyree and McCoy come running over the brow.) 
