Good morning, sir, Doctor.  It will not be necessary, Captain.  I am in total control of your ship. I have connected the  matter-antimatter pods to the main navigational bank. A trigger relay  is now in operation. Any attempts to alter course will result in  immediate destruction of this vessel.  I assure you we are no threat to humanity or humanoid life. We  mean you no harm, but we require your ship.  I control the trigger relay, sir. I cannot be overcome by  physical means, and if you attempt to use your phasers, the trigger  relay will be activated. We shall continue on our present course for  approximately four solar days, at which time we shall arrive at our  destination.  I am not programmed to respond in that area.  Captain Kirk. The following individuals  will be transported down to our planet. Yourself, science officer,  medical officer, communications officer and navigator.  If you do not come with me, your engines will be destroyed and  you will remain in orbit here forever.  There is a word. Among us there is no corresponding meaning,  but it seems to mean something to you humans.  Please. [Cavern] (The required landing party materialise.)  Our planet's surface is what you classify as K-type, adaptable  for humans by use of pressure domes and life-support systems. (to one  of two identical women standing by a doorway.) I have brought them.  You'll find this quite comfortable. Your quarters are down the  hall.  The makers designed us. They came from the galaxy of Andromeda.    They were, as you say, quite humanoid, but, unlike your  civilisation, robots were common. We performed the necessary service  functions and freed our makers to evolve a perfect social order.  Our home planet's sun became a nova. Only a few exploratory  outposts survived. This unit, myself, was part of one such outpost in  your galaxy.  No, Captain. They died over the stretch of time.  We lacked it for a long time. (he leaves)  I trust you are enjoying yourself, Mister Spock.  It is our central control complex.  Two hundred and seven thousand, eight hundred and nine.  (his number 1 collar flashes) I am not programmed to respond in  this area.  You may command us to make anything for you, or do the work  yourself for pleasure. You may have the services of any number of  craftsmen, exclusive use of the computer facilities. Anything.  (Mudd and Kirk enter.)  We only wish to make you happy and comfortable, Captain. If we  are to serve your kind, we must understand you. Our Lord, Harry Mudd  was only one example for us. Now we are learning a great deal from all  of you. [Living area] We can no longer take your orders, Harry Mudd.  Our makers were wise. They programmed us to serve.  You are correct, Captain. Harry Mudd is flawed, even for a  human being. We recognised this from the beginning but used his  knowledge to obtain more specimens. Your species is self-destructive.  You need our help.  We will not harm you, but we will take the starship, and you  will remain on this planet.  We cannot allow any race as greedy and corruptible as yours to  have free run of the galaxy.  We shall serve them. Their kind will be eager to accept our  service. Soon they will become completely dependent upon us.  We shall take care of them.  Yes, Captain. And we shall serve them and you will be happy,  and controlled. [Living area] What are you doing here?  That is illogical. We can move more quickly than you. We are  invulnerable to attack. We are much stronger.  No.  That is contradictory. It is not logical. Mister Spock.  Explain.  You cannot have killed him. You have no weapons.  That is irrational. Illogical. Dreams are not real.  There is no explosive.  But there was no explosion.  What?  You say you are lying, but if everything you say is a lie then  you are telling the truth, but you cannot tell the truth because  everything you say is a lie. You lie. You tell the truth. But you  cannot for. Illogical! Illogical! Please explain.  (Smoke comes out of Norman's head.)  You are human. Only humans can explain their behaviour. Please  explain. 
