Odona. Yes, my name is Odona. Why did you bring me here?  Is this entire ship yours?  And you have it all to yourself?  You're hurting me, Captain  If you didn't bring me  I don't know.  It seems I was standing in a, yes. I was standing in a large  auditorium crowded with people. Thousands pressed in against me. I  could hardly breathe. I was fighting for oxygen, screaming to get out.  I'm not, but you are troubled.  I'm sorry. I wish I could help.  And then I, suddenly I was here on this, on your ship. And there  was all this space. And the freedom. I just wanted to float. And then  there you were.  I don't know. Not long. Is it important?  I don't understand.  What is Gideon?  Is it?  Gideon? I don't know any Gideon.  I do not think so.  (Kirk switches on the viewscreen, but instead of the deep orange  planet, it shows a moving starfield.)  Where are we?  Captain, before I said I wasn't afraid. Now I am. [Bridge] Isn't it in working order?  Then someone should have heard you.  Why should they do that?  What did you do?  Out of what?  It feels the same.  Well, has the ship slowed down?  Oh, please! Don't tell me the sky is out of order now. It's so  quiet. So peaceful.  And it's beautiful.  And we're alone. Can you make it last a long, long time?  Forever.  Forever. All my life I've dreamed of being alone.  Where I come from, people dream of it.  Gideon? I told you, I don't know where I come from, what my  planet is.  Does it matter so much?  And then you might find your crew. Being here with you, I forgot  there must be others. I envy you your sense of loyalty. I want to ease  your feeling of dread, your fear that all your crew no longer exists.  Because they never can be.  Because there are so many of us. So many. There is no place, no  street, no house, no garden, no beach, no mountain that is not filled  with people. Each one of us would kill in order to find a place alone  to himself. They would willingly die for it, if they could.  No one commands Odona. I was not sent here.  I don't know. I don't care. I only know I'm here. I only know  I'm happy.  (They kiss, and dozens of faces appear on the viewscreen. They watch as  Kirk leads Odona away.)  [Corridor] Cure?  What will happen if you do not find one? Will you become sick  and die?  Yes, it sounds like an engine.  But there is something wrong with the equipment. Could that be  it?  A storm might  People. The faces of people. And then the stars. What's  happening? What's out there? The sound is gone.  But you said we were moving through space.  Then the people can't be out there.  Please don't frighten me.  You mean that we're going mad.  I don't know. I don't know.  Oh, be content!  I don't know.  Captain. [Council chamber] Captain, something's happening  to me. I never felt like this before.  Is this the way one looks when one is developing a  sickness?  Now there will be. There will be sickness. There  will be death.  (She passes out in his arms. The council members file out. Outside the  window, a mass of people struggle to move towards their destination.)  [Corridor] Will it last long?  How will you know when I am to die?  I must see him before then, Father.  Yes, in my arms and thighs.  It is like, like when you see the people have no hope for  happiness, Father. You feel great despair, and your heart is heavy  because you know you can do nothing. Pain is like that.  I'm glad that you are here. Is the time short?  And I asked you to make our journey last forever. Oh. It began  here.  I'm not afraid of what will happen, but it's just that now I  wish with all my heart to stay with you forever.  (She passes out)  (Outside in the corridor, Spock sneaks up on the two guards outside the  'Captain's quarters'. He neck pinches one, and throws the other along  the corridor. Then he enters the room.)  I am cured?  Instead of smiling at me, you should be shouting in anger.  No. Because I pretended to be (pause) How can you bear to look  at me after the way I deceived you?  You are a gentleman, Captain Kirk.  You are no longer needed on Gideon. I can take your place there.    That is what I must do. I am needed there now.  It is not like our ship.  It goes to many other planets?  It seems crowded to you?  Are you going to stay on the ship?  As crowded as my planet is, I could wish for it to hold one more  person.  I will miss you, Captain James Kirk. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
