(a silver haired man in a suit) Hit that button. (the girl  sitting on his desk obeys) Yeah?  All right. Bring them in. (he goes to the pool table and picks  up a cue) Which one of you is the captain?  Make yourself a drink, Captain. It's good stuff. I distill it  myself.  That's me, pal.  Doctor, huh? Put that chopper down, Kalo. These guys are our  guests. Pick up a cue, Captain. Go ahead. You can't be too careful  around here these days.  The boss of my territory. I got the biggest in the world. You  know, there's one thing wrong with having the biggest. There's always  some punk trying to cut you out. That's why you can't be too careful.  What government? Look, I told you. I got the territory and I run  it. That's all.  Yeah, sure. Maybe a dozen or so, not counting the small fry, but  then they get burned anyway soon as I get around to it.  How do you know about Krako?  Okay. You hit him back, you hear? Hard.  Hey, wait a minute. That's the Book.  The Book. They left it, the other ship. The Horizon.  I don't want any more cracks about the Book.  Sure. Some text books on how to make radio sets and stuff like  that, but, look, I brought you here so you could help me, not for you  to ask me questions. After that, I'll answer anything you want to know.    Well, I was thinking. You Feds must have made a lot of  improvements since that other ship came here. You probably got all  kinds of fancy heaters up there. So here's the deal. You give me all  the heaters I need. Enough tools so I can knock off those punks all at  once. Then I'll take over, and all you'll have to do is deal with me.  What aggression? I got to make hits. I want you to help me hit  them. That's all.  I ain't interested in your orders. From now on, you're gonna  take orders from me. I'm gonna give you just eight hours to give me the  things I want. If I don't have those tools by then, I'm gonna call up  your ship and have them pick you up in a box. Is that understood, pal?  (Kalo and another henchman put their guns to Kirk's head.)  Let's see how this thing works.  That good, huh? All you have to do is give me about a hundred of  these fancy heaters and we'll have no more trouble.  Captain Kirk, I usually get what I want. What's this thing?  (silence) All right. Burn him.  How does it work?  Kalo, take them to the warehouse and put them in a bag. Keep a  sharp eye on them, you hear.  (into communicator) Hey, you. In the ship up there. [Bridge] This is Bela Oxmyx. I got your captain and  his friends down here. You want to see them alive [Bridge] You heard right, pal. I'm going to give you  just eight hours to get me the goods I want, or I put the hit on your  friends. [Bridge] Oh, yeah. I tell you, you'd better come on  back down. [Bridge] Kidnapped him, you dope. [Bridge] Look, you guys got something I want. I can  help you get your captain back. [Bridge] What's to trust? Business is business. We'll  call a truce. You come on down. [Bridge] I'm a businessman, pally. What do ya say? [Bridge] You know what to do.  Just the same, you be careful. They'll have heaters on them. (to  his girl) Now you watch this.  (Spock and McCoy arrive, and are promptly taken prisoner.)  Ship's log. Mister Spock reporting. Incredible as  it seems, Doctor McCoy and I are once again prisoners of the chief  criminal boss of a society patterned after old Earth gangsters.  (taking the phasers) Pick up many more of  these, I won't need your co-operation.  I was hoping you'd think that, dummy.  Nobody helps nobody but himself.  Huh?  Yeah, but I got to be the unity.  The most co-operative man in this world is a dead man. And if  you don't keep your mouth shut, you're going to be co-operatin'.  (The door opens and Kirk enters with his machine gun.)  Hey, Captain, you got away from Krako. You know, that ain't  easy.  Knowing Krako, he'll probably send them back on a blotter.  What do you mean, penny-ante operator?  Yeah, sure. Why didn't you say so in the first place? All you  had to do was explain it to me.  I sure don't know what you think you're talking about.  Hello. Hello?  Guess who?  Yeah, you bet your life I've got a lot of nerve. What are you  going to do about it?  Hey, Captain, that ain't bad.  Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Tepo's got a point. All we ever  seen is them.  My boys will put you down.  Hey, that's great, Krako. Now we got hostages again. We can make  a deal with the Feds up there.  Hey, did you see that?  Okay, okay, Kirk, so we get the message. Now, what was this  syndicate deal you were talking about?  Okay. A syndicate makes sense to me. I'm a peaceful man at  heart, but I'm sick and tired of all these hits. I hit Krako, Krako  hits Tepo, Tepo hits me. There's too many bosses. We can't get anything  done.  I was thinking if there was just one, maybe somebody like you, as the  top boss, then we can get things done.  It's reasonable. It sounds reasonable. That sound reasonable to  you?  (Chorus of approval.) 
