I suppose I scratched it.  Sheer ignorance. Is there anything you can do?  Where?  What is it? What is your prognosis, Doctor?    Parmen will do. Philosopher kings have no need of titles.  Captain, please. You are mistaken, I assure you.  The amenities, Captain. Allow me to remind you that I am the  head of this principality. Guests do not come barging in here, making  demands and issuing orders.  (Kirk's phaser flies into Parmen's hand.)  Do not take that tone with me.  (Kirk is forced to slap his own face repeatedly.)  [Guest room] Captain, wait. I know what you're thinking. My humble  apologies. You were badly used. In my own defence, allow me to say that  my illness was more profoundly disturbing that I myself realised. I am  sure that you, too, have been out of sorts and have been driven to fits  of temper and rage. Unlike you, however, what I think and feel, whether  for good or ill, is instantly translated into reality. So please, find  it in your heart to forgive me.  It will be shortly.  Not at all. But there is one final request. After my nearly  fatal infection, it has become obvious to us all that we cannot afford  to be without a skilled physician. Therefore we should like you, Doctor  McCoy, to remain.  Your duties will be extraordinarily light. You'll be free to  read, meditate, conduct research, whatever you like. You'll want for  nothing.  We should like to keep it cordial, but we are determined to  have you stay, Doctor.  I am losing patience, Captain.  We manage to live in peace and harmony.  My dear Mister Spock, I admit that circumstances have forced us  to make a few adaptations of Plato, but ours is the most democratic  society conceivable. Anyone can, at any moment, be or do anything he  wishes, even to becoming ruler of Platonius if his mind is strong  enough.  Oh, come now. We are not children. In your culture, justice is  the will of the stronger. It is forced upon people by means of weapons  and fleets of spaceships. Our justice is the will of the stronger mind,  and I for one, consider it a vast improvement.  Farewell, Captain.  Captain, go while you still can.  This is not the Enterprise. You are not in command, captain.  No, my dear. That might offend the good doctor. You wish to  stay? By all means. You can help us celebrate our anniversary. In the  process, I hope we can persuade you to join our tiny republic.  I think we will.  (McCoy is pulled over to sit beside Parmen and Philana. Laurel wreaths  are thrown in front of Kirk and Spock, who are forced to kneel and put  them on. Then standing again, they are made to dance around each other  and 'sing' this rhyme.)  Well, Doctor?  As you wish, Doctor.  We've had enough or your moralising.  You will be happy to stay. It takes a little time, Doctor, but  you will be happy to stay.  (Spock is forced to dance close to Kirk's head. Flamenco-style, I  think, ending with a boot directly over Kirk's face. Then Spock is  allowed to rest, and he starts to laugh heartily. He crawls over to  Alexander, who cannot help but join in.)  We can't let him die laughing, can we?  (Now Spock cries.)  How can you let this go on? [Guest room] (Spock is very withdrawn. Alexander watches  helplessly.)  Fellow academicians. Twenty five hundred years ago, a band of  hearty vagabonds arrived on this barren, rough-hewn planet. There was a  desperate hardship of backbreaking toil. And then a divine providence  graced our genius and our dedication with the power of powers. And  through it, our every need instantly materialised. We thereupon  determined to form a utopian brotherhood. This night is indeed a  festive occasion, for tonight, we welcome into that brotherhood its  first new member.  Doctor, please. You have destroyed the festive mood of the  ladies. We must recapture it at once. I know. What would be better than  a serenade from the laughing spaceman?  (Spock, Uhura and Chapel are dragged over to a couch. Alexander plucks  his lyre.)  And now let the revels begin.  (The four toys are paired up, and the furniture moves around. Chapel  and Spock on one couch, Kirk and Uhura on the other. The men swap, then  return.)  You are so impatient, my wife. Observe the doctor and learn.  He's quite content to wait for the piece de resistance.  (A table with a whip and other weapons slides across. Kirk and Spock  approach it. Kirk takes the whip, Spock the red-hot poker. Just as they  get to the women, Kirk turns.)  Alexander again. He likes to play with knives. Very well, we  shall indulge him.  (Alexander struggles not to stab himself, when suddenly he is  released.)  Who did that?  Not twice mine!  (Parmen controls Alexander and sends him to attack Kirk, but Kirk sends  him back. To and fro he turns until finally the dagger is inches from  Parmen's body.)  Captain, no! Captain! I beg of you, I'll do anything you say. I  do not wish to die. Captain, do you hear me?  Captain, you knew that I intended to destroy both you and the  Enterprise, yet you spared me.  There's no need for concern. They'll be safe. Of late, I have  begun to think that we've become bizarre and unproductive. We are  existing merely to nourish our own power. It's time for some fresh air.  We shall welcome your interstellar visits.  Understood, Captain. And you're right, none of us can be  trusted. Uncontrolled, power will turn even saints into savages, and we  can all be counted upon to live down to our lowest impulses. 
