That must wait until the Dohlman is aboard.  The thing most feared and hated by my  people. Our most deadly enemy.  (Three burly men are beamed aboard. They draw their weapons.)  Welcome. I am Petri, Ambassador of Troyius.  Your Glory, I am Petri. In the name of my people  Please.  That creature, Elaan, is to be the wife of our ruler to bring  peace. Our two warring planets now possess the capability  of mutual destruction. Some method of co-existence must be found.  Yes. But slowly, Captain. I will need time. Before we reach  there, she must be taught civilised manners. In her present condition,  my people would never accept her.  Those are my orders. I must ask you and your crew to respect, or  at least tolerate, their arrogance. Friction must be kept at a minimum.    Another thing you should understand, Captain. You have as much  at stake as I have. Your superiors made the statement that failure of  this mission would be as catastrophic for Federation planning as it  would be for our two planets. To gain peace at the price of accepting  such a queen is no victory. I will take her the official gifts I bear.  Perhaps that will soften her mood. [Bridge] Your Glory, these are your wedding slippers.  This, (a sky blue thing) this is your wedding dress, a gift from  the bridegroom's mother.  This, This is the most prized of royal jewels for your lovely  neck.  (Kirk enters.)  I explained to Her Glory that her council of nobles and the  Troyius Tribunal jointly agreed that I should instruct (pause) make her  acquainted with the customs and manners of our people.  Captain, I wish to contact my government. I  cannot fulfil my mission. It would be an insult to our ruler to bring  this incorrigible monster as a bride!  There cannot be peace between us. We have deluded ourselves.  Captain, when I am near them, I do not want peace. I want to kill them.    Job? The job is impossible. We cannot make peace with people we  detest.  But if she won't listen to me  If I recover, it will be no thanks to you, Captain.  I should've known better than to talk to her unarmed, but you  forced me. I hold you responsible for this.  It's not magic. It's biochemical. A man whose flesh is once  touched by the tears of a woman of Elas has his heart enslaved forever.    There will be no wedding. I would not have our ruler marry that  monster if the entire galaxy depended on it, and I will have nothing  further to do with you.  Here you put me, Captain. Here I will stay. I have nothing  further to say to you.  [Elaan's quarters] (She is dining like a Tudor royal, ripping poultry  apart with her hands.)  Doctor, there is no antidote to the poison of Elasian tears. The  men of Elas have tried desperately for centuries to dispel its power.  You're wasting your time, Doctor.  Safety? What is your estimate of our chances for survival,  Doctor?  Now that we are all about to die, I ask you  once again to accept this necklace, and to wear it as a token of  respect  for the desperate wishes of your people and mine for peace. 
