Welcome to our republic. Whom among you is the physician?  My spouse. His leg. Come this way.  Alexander, you talk too much. Captain's log, stardate 5784.3. Doctor McCoy is  endeavouring to treat the leader of a strange group of people. When  their planet novaed, millennia ago, they transported themselves to  Earth in the time of Socrates and Plato. After the death of the Greek  civilisation they idolised, they came to this planet and created for  themselves a utopia patterned after it. [Parmen's chamber] Two and a half. Ever since our arrival here on Platonius.  Brain waves.  No, not if they're embedded in the unconscious.  We haven't had any pressing need for the medical arts. You  see, while still on Sahndara, we instituted a mass eugenics programme.  We're the result. Pared down to a population of thirty eight, we're  perfect for our utopia. We're bred for contemplation and self-reliance.  And longevity. How old would you say I am? Don't be afraid. I'm not  vain.  That old? I stopped aging at thirty. Well, anyway, you're off  by two thousand years. I'm two thousand three hundred years old. We  were married very young. I was only a hundred and seventeen, and he was  a hundred and twenty eight. So you see, we scarcely have to move  anymore, let alone work.  That's right. A break in the skin or a cut can be fatal.  (A column falls over and breaks. The 'chess' pieces start flying around  the room.)  Now, Doctor!  (McCoy is able to give the injection.)  I don't know how I can ever thank you, not only for Platonius,  but for myself.  Alexander, show our guests to the south wing.  Gentle spacemen, we are eternally in your debt. We've some  trifles for you. Please accept them as tokens of our gratitude. They  stem from the very source of our inspiration. To our noble captain, the  shield carried by Pericles, as a symbol of gallant leadership.  (The round shield flies to Kirk's arms.)  To our silent and cerebral Mister Spock, this kithara to pluck  music, to soothe his ever-active brow.  (It too flies to him.)  And lastly, to the physician Doctor McCoy, who saved Platonius  and my spouse, this ancient collection of Greek cures, penned by  Hippocrates himself.  (A scroll wings it's way to McCoy.)  Why even discuss it? Get rid of them.  You must be joking, Doctor.  Parmen, let's get on with it.  Parmen.  (Alexander is frozen in the act of trying to stab Parmen.)  What's going on? 
