Troglytes, halt!  (The attackers make to run off.)  Surrender or we'll fire!  (Three escape, one gets shot)  Are you harmed, gentlemen?  I'm Plasus, High Advisor of the planet council.  My regrets for the unpleasantness of your welcome to Ardana.  Unfortunately, violence is habitual with the Troglytes. But I  assure you, this insult will not go unpunished.  Apparently the Disrupters have confiscated it, as I knew they  would.  A small group of Troglyte malcontents. All the other Troglytes  are completely dominated by them. It's the Disrupters who are  responsible for their refusal to continue mining for zenite.  They agreed obviously as a ruse to get valuable hostages.  To force the council to meet their demands. (to guards)  Organise a search party immediately and find the zenite consignment.  (Guards leave)  Meanwhile, Captain, I would suggest that you and First Officer  Spock be our guests on Stratos.  We'll do everything possible to make it so. Come, gentlemen.  [Stratos - Council gallery] (Plasus, Kirk and Spock beam onto a balcony at the  edge of Stratos, with a wonderful view of a brown river and its  tributaries.)  A most gracious act. One of our planet's most incomparable  works of art. My daughter, Droxine. Captain James Kirk.  And First Officer Spock.  Come, gentlemen. There is much to see in our city. This is our  council gallery. It is open to all city dwellers. We have some of the  finest of our various art forms assembled here for the viewing and  contemplation of every  (There is a dagger in the wall)  Disrupters again.  By keeping us in constant turmoil, they hope to force the  council to accede to their demands.  Completely unreasonable, Captain, but nothing you need be  concerned with.  I assure you, gentlemen, you will get what you came for.  Of course, and we accept the responsibility.  Art means nothing to the Disrupters. This (the dagger) is the  only form they understand. The disturbances accompanying your arrival  have been most wearying. No doubt you would like to rest.  Chambers have been prepared for you. A sentinel will guide you  to them.  (Kirk and Spock leave)  It's fortunate that they were not seriously hurt.  Further violence could create grave difficulties between Ardana  and the Federation.  They grow more daring and determined every day. Now they seek  to find allies in the galaxy.  All this time I thought you were worried about our diplomatic  relations.  (Two sentinels drag in a Troglyte)  Remove his shields.  (The sentinel takes off the troglyte's sunglasses)  What is your business in Stratos, Troglyte? Speak! I command  you!  Repair what?  Indeed. Then you must have a repair permit. Where is it?  Did you also forget your transport card?  And where was your cavern implement lost? Could this perhaps be  it?  And you shall make them by giving us the names of the  Disrupters.  I would advise you to increase your knowledge.  Secure him to the rostrum.  (But the troglyte breaks free of the sentinels and jumps over the  balcony instead.)  How unfortunate. How unfortunate. [Guest accommodation] (Kirk is sleeping, Spock is meditating.)  You still refuse to disclose the names of the other Disrupters.    Very well, if you prefer the rays.  (The curved section of the device, facing Vanna, lights up and makes  Vanna glow.)  [Guest accomodation] (The sound of the rays can be heard in the  background)  She's stubborn, and as you yourself pointed out, Captain, the  search for your zenite consignment must be short.  Physical discomfort is extremely persuasive, Captain.  Is it preferable to spare Vanna and allow an entire planet to  be destroyed?  Troglytes are not like Stratos dwellers, Mister Spock. They're  a conglomerate of inferior species. The abstract concepts of an  intellectual society are beyond their comprehension.  A few Troglytes are brought here as retainers. Vanna was one of  them, as are the sentinels. They've received more training than the  others.  I fail to see the purpose of this continued criticism.  An imposing display of primitive gallantry, gentlemen. You  realise, of course, that the sentinels could remove you.  Why are you so concerned with this Disrupter's well-being?  Then stop interfering, and I'll get it for you.  We will get it for you, and in our own way. Remove the prisoner  to confinement quarters. You will return to your ship at once or I  shall contact your Starfleet command myself and report your  interference with this planet's government.  (to sentinel) If Captain Kirk appears again, kill him.  Captain's log, star date 5819.0. More than eight  hours have passed since the consignment of zenite disappeared and we  have still found no trace of it. We've received word from Merak Two  that the plague is spreading rapidly. Delivery of the zenite is  imperative within twelve hours or all life on the planet will be  annihilated.  [Bridge] Something's upsetting you, Droxine.  What is it? Tell me.  He will never return. I've seen to that.  It will be delivered. If we have to kill every Troglyte, it  will be delivered.  He knows nothing except how to destroy our power and our  society. I forbid you ever to speak of Captain Kirk, or even to think  of him.  [Bridge] Oh, he's no better than his friend.  What is it?  Where is Captain Kirk?  This is the kind of reason they use to persuade us.  I will hear no more defence of them.  Leave here at once. Go to your music.  Abduction of a planet official is a serious  crime. You will pay for this, I promise you.  What effects? I've been here nearly an hour of your Earth time.  You and Vanna even longer. I see no changes in any of us!  Are you suggesting that I dig zenite?  You will indeed pay for this.  She's right. Kirk, transport us out of here.  It will never take effect. Transport us out of here!  Imbecile! We'll die!  I am High Advisor of all the planet. I will take no more  orders!  Are you as brave with mortae as you are with a phaser?  It appears you have what you came for after all.  Agreed? There's no such word in the Troglyte vocabulary.  No thanks to any agreement by you. It had to be obtained by  force.  How about your education? Was that by force?  You could have had those filters for all the good it will do  you.  They will all be like her. ungrateful, vindictive.  I will tolerate absolutely no interference! You will not set  foot here as long as I rule!  And I shall press them. You are guilty of abduction, Captain! 
