To any and all space travellers passing within  range of the planet Scalos, I send you an urgent appeal for help. My  comrades and I are the last surviving members of what was once a  thriving civilisation. Those of us who are left  have taken shelter in this area. We have no explanation for what has  been happening to us. Our number is now five.  We were once a nation of nine hundred thousand.  Stun.  (Kirk falls gently to the floor. Compton enters and attacks the man  with the weapon. He is knocked down for his loyalty.)  You were ordered to stop him. Why did you disobey?  He was violent. He had to be subdued.  (to a young woman) Another will be secured for you.  [Bridge] It may be.  He is inferior, Deela.  You cannot allow yourself to feel an attachment to such.  I do my duty.  Deela will explain it.  Go ahead, Captain. It is not yet completely linked to your  support system, but it is in operating order. Study it if you wish. I  suggest that you do not touch it.  (Kirk touches the device briefly, then clamps both hands firmly onto it  in an act of defiance. Deela pulls them off.)  The unit has its own self-defence mechanism, as you see. You  should've heeded me.  (Kirk sees Compton on the floor. The young man now looks very old.)  In your struggle with Compton, some of his cells were damaged.  Those newly accelerated to our level are sensitive to cell damage. They  age rapidly and die.  Was.  Perhaps he will be less violent now.  Why do you care what he feels?  I have noted that.  Go to the transporter room, Deela. Signal me when you're  there and beam down.  Yes. I'll activate our unit and follow you. I'm setting it  to allow all of us time to get off the ship. Please don't delay.  (Meanwhile, Kirk slips his computer tape into the machine Spock is  working at. Then he slips out.)  Go after him, Deela.  [Medical Lab] (in real time)  Beam him down at once.  What'd he do to it?  I heard him. You expect me to believe him?  This is the only damage? Go get the others and bring them up  here. (into comm.) Deela. Deela? Deela! [Kirk's quarters] (Kirk is putting on his boots as Deela combs her  hair. Draw your own conclusions. Rael runs in as the couple indulge in  another kiss.)  Then don't torment me. You know how I feel.  No. I have more work to do.  I've beamed the others down.  It would've been an intrusion. Come up when  you wish. Signal me when you are ready. [Kirk's quarters] In life support. I have to activate our unit.  I know.  (Kirk and Deela walk past Scott, still in the doorway.)  The unit is activated, Deela. Beam down at once. [Transporter room]
