Oh, Green, what went on down there? (he reaches for the salt  cellar) Who do you think you are? (they enter turbolift) [Bridge]   Why don't you go chase an asteroid?  Don't you wish it was?  Where are you, Sulu?  I've got your tray.  Thank you. Hello, Beauregard. How are you today, darling?  No, it's a he plant. A girl can tell.  He is not an inanimate object. He's so animate he makes me  nervous. In fact, I keep expecting one of these plants of yours to grab  me.  He's not talking today. You been nipping saurian brandy or  something?  (Beauregard starts screeching and slithers down into it's stem. Green  rushes out)  He's the real spook. Suppose he's going space happy or something? [Corridor]   UHURA (to crewmen) The door to my quarters still rattles when it opens.  Would you stop by and see if you can do something about it? Thanks,  Bobby. (Green changes into African crewman) Crewman, do I know you?  I'd better get this tray back. Bye, Beauregard.  Look at his face!  And he, or rather it, followed me. I thought there was something  twitchy about him.  As long as he, it thought it could get to the salt on my tray,  sir.  Captain. Professor Crater. 
Earth!  But where is everybody?  You mean there's no one alive?  We won't hurt you, sweetheart. We're your friends. No, shh!  But we will.  Grownups.  So that's what it was.  One thing, Captain. If she were a wild animal ever since she's  been a little girl, how do you explain that she wants to stay with us?  One hundred years and only one month?  But that means these children  Children who never age. Eternal childhood, filled with play, no  responsibilities. It's almost like a dream.  Do you suppose she knows?  If they're as old as Spock claims, they must have some idea of  what's happening.  That little girl  Yes, sir.  (as Kirk pushes past and makes her drop flasks) No! No! No! (runs  out, Kirk follows, then Miri)  [Corridor] I'm upset, so upset. Back on the ship, I used  to try to get you to look at my legs. Captain, look at my legs.  (covered in blotches)  There's a chance!  It's not funny.  What are you going to do with me?  (sees boy with club coming up behind him) Captain.  They were just children. Simply to leave them  there with a medical team  Miri. She really loved you, you know. 
Captain, should I continue log entry?  Yes, sir.  Can I get you something from the galley, sir? Coffee, at least?  Yes, sir.  (McCoy walks in unannounced, and Rand leaves.)  We finally received an answer from Command base, sir. They say  they'll support whatever decision you have to make.  (Kirk leaves)  [Ship's Chapel] (Angela is kneeling in front of the altarpiece,  crying, when Kirk enters. She gets up and hugs him.) 
Ship's manifests, sir. I think they're in  order now.  I've checked  Yes, sir. (leaves Kirk to lie down on bed)  [Sickbay] Oh! Captain, you startled me. Is there  something that you? Can I help you, Captain?  Oh.  Captain!  Call Mister Spock! Call Mister Spock! [Corridor] Then he kissed me and he said that we, that  he was the Captain and he could order me. I didn't know what to do.  When you mentioned the feelings we'd been hiding, and you started  talking about us.  Well, he is the captain. I couldn't just. You started hurting me.  I had to fight you, and scratch your face.  I was sure I scratched you. I was frightened. Maybe  Sir, Fisher saw you, too.  If it hadn't been. I can understand. I don't want to get you into  trouble. I wouldn't have even mentioned it!  Captain, I  No.  No, sir.  Captain? The impostor told me what happened, who he really was,  and I'd just like to say that. Well, sir, what I'd like is 
Excuse me, sir. It's past time you had something to eat, sir.  It's dietary salad, sir. Doctor McCoy ordered your diet card  changed. I thought you knew.  Well, I'll change it if you don't like it, sir.  You're welcome, sir. (leaves)  I used a hand phaser, and zap. Hot coffee. 
Yes, sir. Come with me, please.  Oh, thank you. I really appreciate it, but, but I have to go. I'm  on duty.  Yes, I, it's my favourite. Where did you get it? They don't have  any in the ship's stores.  I know, but where did? Gee, I'm late, Charlie. I really have to  go.  Look, I'm off duty at fourteen hundred. Why don't you join me in  recreation room six, deck three.  Charlie!  Charlie, you, you, you just don't go around slapping girls on  the. It's okay, but er, just don't do it again.  Look, why don't you tell Captain Kirk or Doctor McCoy what you  did. They'll explain it to you. Okay?  Okay.  [Bridge] One more time!  Well, how did you do that?  I don't believe this!  (Hhe lays out the aces, throws one over his shoulder, then Rand removes  it from her cleavage)  [Corridor] Oh, Charlie. I was looking for you. I'd like  you to meet Tina Lawton, Yeoman Third Class. Charlie Evans.  I thought you might enjoy meeting someone your own age.  Charlie, Tina's  That was, that was rude and completely uncalled-for.  That's no excuse. You'd better learn that right now. You have to  live with people, Charlie. You're not alone anymore.  I wasn't sure I should, er, talk to you about this.  Exactly, and he's  It's not that. Captain, I've seen the look before, and if  something isn't done, sooner or later I'm going to have to hurt him.  Tell him to leave me alone, and that wouldn't be good for him right  now. You see, I'm his first crush, his first love, and his first  Thank you, sir.  [Kirk's quarters] You don't walk into a room without knocking.  I'll lock it when I please. What is it you want, anyway?  (switching on comm.) I want you to get out.  [Bridge] Get out, Charlie.  I can't make it any plainer than that.  [Rand's quarters] You don't know what the word means.  No!  (Kirk and Spock rush in, Charlie knocks them down.)  Charlie!  (She slaps him, so he makes her disappear.)  Captain, how did I? 
Spectro-analysis tape, sir.  Yes, sir.  Mister Spock, I'm trying to get to the Bridge and this crewman  won't let me by.  Spock!  [Corridor outside Engineering] I would have gotten here sooner, sir but Crewman Moody stopped me  in the hallway.  Sir?  Yes, sir.  Sir?  [Engineering]
