Hey. Rec room. Somebody. [Rec room] Talk to me.  Not me. I am down. In the engineering room.  Maybe so. Whatever I've done, they're sure keeping it a secret  from me. [Rec room] Hey. Is that Uhura playing? Let me talk  to her.  A song. Make it a love song. Just something  to reassure me I'm not the only living thing  left in the universe, huh? [Rec room] Help me, please.  (He collapses)  [Sickbay] He murdered my father, and my mother.  I'm not wrong.  I know that voice, that face, I know it. I saw it. He murdered  them. 
All right. So what do you do with it?  Self-defence? Mayhem? Shish kebab?  For what?  Last week it was botany he was trying to get me interested in. I  was supposed to be collecting leaves, plant specimens.  Take it easy, Joe.  Hey, Joey, put the knife down, huh?  Hey, Joey, put the knife down. (grabs his arm) Don't be a fool.  You're just getting in a sweat about (three men struggle) Let me  have the knife!  Joey, give me the knife. (they fall to the floor, Tormolen gets  stabbed in the stomach) Emergency! Rec room, area three nine. We need  medics!  Captain's Log, supplemental. Our orbit tightening.  Our need for efficiency, critical. But unknown to us, a totally new and  unusual disease has been brought aboard.  [Bridge] Relative gravity increasing, sir.  Yes, sir.  Orbit steady now, sir.  Orbit steady now, sir. May be a little nervous, I guess.  [Sickbay] Yeah, me too.  Now?  Sulu, what about. Hey, Sulu, don't be a fool!  [Sickbay] Magnetic pull compensated for, sir. Orbit steady.  Have no fear, O'Riley's here. One Irishman is worth ten thousand  of you  Now that's what I like. Let the women work too. Universal  suffrage.  Sickbay? Exactly where I was heading, sir.  Where's Joe?  He died, didn't he.  You know something? You have such lovely eyes, pretty lady.  (touches her face)  You know what Joe's mistake was? He wasn't born an Irishman.  [Corridor] You rang, sir?  This is Captain Kevin Thomas Riley of the  starship Enterprise.  [Bridge] And who is this?  I've relieved Mister Scott of his duties. Now, attention,  cooks. This is your captain speaking.  I would like double portions of ice cream for the entire crew.  And now, your captain will render an ancient Irish  favourite. (sings) I'll take you home again Kathleen  Wild and wide to where your heart Captain's Log, stardate 1704.4. Ship out of  control, spiraling down towards planet Psi 2000. We have nineteen  minutes of life left without engine power or helm control.  [Corridor outside Engineering] (singing) The roses all have left your  cheeks. I've watched them fade away and die [Bridge] Lieutenant Uhura, [Bridge] You've interrupted my song. I'm sorry,  but there'll be no ice cream for you tonight.  Attention, crew. This is Captain Riley. There will be a  formal dance in the bowling alley at nineteen hundred hours tonight.  This is Captain Riley. Crew, I have  some additional orders.  [Engineering] In the future, all female crew members will  wear their hair loosely, about their shoulders.  [Bridge] And use restraint in putting on your  makeup. Women, women should not look made up. And now, crew, I will  render Kathleen one more time!  (singing) I'll take you home again, Kathleen  (meanwhile, Scott is working in a Jefferies tube) I've watched them  fade away and die.  [Corridor] And tears bedim your loving eyes. Oh, [Corridor outside Engineering] I will take you home Kathleen.  Kathleen. And now, crew, one more time!  I'll take you home again Kathleen  Across the ocean wild and wide  I will take you home Kathleen  To where your heart will feel no pain. When the fields are  fresh and green. I'll take you to your home  I'll take. No dance tonight. 
