You'll have an answer soon, Captain. Our world is called  Excalbia. Countless who live on that planet are watching.  Before this drama unfolds, we give welcome to the ones named Kirk and  Spock.  You're intelligent life form, but I'm surprised you do not  perceive the honour we do you. Have we not created in this place on our  planet a stage identical to your own world?  Your objection is well taken. We shall communicate with your  vessel so your fellow life forms may also enjoy and profit from the  play. Behold.  (More people arrive. A human, a Mongol, an alien woman and a Klingon)  Captain, Mister Spock, some of these you may know through  history. Genghis Khan, for one. And Colonel Green, who led a genocidal  war early in the 21st century on Earth. Zora, who experimented with the  body chemistry of subject tribes on Tiburon.  Kahless the Unforgettable, the Klingon who set the pattern for his  planet's tyrannies. We welcome the vessel Enterprise  [Bridge] To our solar system and to  our spectacle.  We ask you to observe with us [Planet surface] The confrontation of the two opposing  philosophies you term good and evil. Since this is our first experiment  with Earthlings, our theme is a simple one. Survival, life and death.  Your philosophies are alien to us, and we wish to understand them and  discover which is the stronger. We learn by observing such spectacles.  The word is explicit. If you and Spock survive, you return to  your vessel. If you do not, your existence is ended. [Bridge] Why do you hesitate? [Planet surface] Do you wish further clarification? Your  choice of action is unlimited, as is your choice of weapons. Should you  wish to use any, you may fabricate anything you desire out of what you  can find around you. Captain?  You will decide otherwise.  (And changes back into a real lump of rock)  I am disappointed. You display no interest in the honour we do  you. We offer you an opportunity to become our teachers by  demonstrating whether good or evil is more powerful. You find my body  heat distressing, Captain? You forget the nature of this planet. I must  conclude that your species requires a cause to fight for. You may now  communicate with your ship.  The estimate is quite correct. Your ship will  blow itself to bits within four hours, Captain, unless you defeat the  others before then. Is that cause enough to fight for?  To save your ship and your  crew, you have to win. [Planet surface] Your communicators no longer function, Captain. You may proceed  with the spectacle.  You are the survivors. The others have run off. It would seem  that evil retreats when forcibly confronted. However, you have failed  to demonstrate to me any other difference between your philosophies.  Your good and your evil use the same methods, achieve the same results.  Do you have an explanation?  For you to use as you chose.  What they wanted most. Power.  I perceive you have won their lives.  The same right that brought you here. The need to know new  things.  And you may go in peace. 
