It was very kind of you to respond so quickly, captain. Now you  will surrender your ship to me.  I am Rojan of Kelva. I am your commander from this moment on.  Any efforts to resist us or to escape will be severely punished. Soon  we, and you, will leave this galaxy forever. You humans must face the  end of your existence as you have known it. You are all paralyzed by a  selective field that neutralises nerve impulses to the voluntary  muscles. We can control you at will. I will now release you.  Yes. Radiating from a central projector.  Your ship, Captain Kirk. It will serve us well in the long  voyage that is to come.  To your neighbouring galaxy, which you call Andromeda.  It is our home.  Within ten millennia, high radiation levels in our galaxy will  make life there impossible. So the Kelvan Empire sent forth ships to  explore other galaxies, to search for one which our race could conquer  and occupy.  Captain, you think you are unconquerable and your ship  impregnable, but while we've talked, the capture has already begun. [Bridge] Report, Hanar.  Proceed with your orders.  Captain, we will modify its engines, in order to produce  velocities far beyond the reach of your science. The journey between  galaxies will take less than three hundred of your years.  Spock Fascinating. Intergalactic travel requiring only three hundred  years. That is a leap far beyond anything man has yet accomplished.  And our mission will be completed by a commander who is my  descendant.  There is an energy barrier at the rim of your galaxy.  We managed to break through it with great difficulty. Our ship  was destroyed. We barely managed to escape in a lifecraft. And now we  have the means to begin our journey back to Andromeda.  No form of transmission can penetrate the barrier.  We do not colonize. We conquer. We rule. There's no other way  for us.  Captain, we can control the Federation as easily as we can  control you. The fate of the inferior in any galaxy.  (Hanar suddenly appears on the planet.)  Kelinda, take them to the holding area. We'll keep you and your  party here, Captain. Your crew will undoubtedly wish to co-operate with  us if they understand that you are hostages.  Space again, Hanar. I do not think we could have kept our sanity  living too long on this accursed planet.  Yes, but disturbing. These shells in which we've encased  ourselves, they have such heightened senses. To feel. To hear. To  smell. How do humans manage to exist in these fragile cases?  At least we'll be away from all of this openness. This is too  strange for us, Hanar. We are creatures of outer space, and soon we  will be safe in the comforting closeness of walls. [Cell] (Rock walls with metal bars across the 'door'.)  (releasing Kirk) This cannot go unpunished. Hanar. That one.  (the guard) Take him aside. Kelinda, the female.  Go. As a leader, you realize the importance of discipline. I  need you and these other specialists, but those two are unnecessary.  I think we're somewhat alike, Captain. Each of us cares less for  his own safety than for the lives of his command. We feel pain when  others suffer for our mistakes. Your punishment shall be to watch them  die. Captain. Proceed, Hanar.  (The guard and the yeoman are reduced to blocks of solid matter.)  Bring them to me. This is the essence of what they were. The  flesh and brain and what you call the personality, distilled down into  these compact shapes. And once crushed (he demonstrates) this person is  dead. However, that one can be restored. (throws it on the ground)  Hanar?  (The security guard reappears.)  Captain's log, stardate 4657.5. Work is proceeding  on the Enterprise as my crew is forced to make the required changes in  the ship for intergalactic travel. I can't forget the picture of Yeoman  Thompson crushed to a handful of dust. [Cell] We will beam aboard the vessel shortly. I wish you to understand  your duties.  You will obey.  Captain Kirk, I cannot believe that you do not understand the  importance of my mission. We Kelvans have a code of honour. Harsh,  demanding. It calls for much from us and much from those whom we  conquer. You have been conquered. I respect your devotion to your duty,  but I cannot permit it to interfere with mine.  And we'll go faster yet. Increase speed to warp eleven.  Very well.  Yes, I was informed. You may go. [Medical Laboratory] Take your places, gentlemen. We're approaching the barrier.  (Kirk takes the Captain's chair, Spock and Scott their consoles. As the  barrier approaches, Scott's finger is poised over a flashing button.)  Captain's log, stardate 4658.9. With The Enterprise  under control of the Kelvans, we are approaching the energy barrier at  the edge of our galaxy. Spock and Scotty have devised a suicide plan to  stop the Kelvans. They have rigged the ship to explode on my signal. [Bridge] Your people are most efficient, Captain.  Hanar, start the neutralising operation.  (Hanar leaves.)  You humans are troublesome for us. We needed you to get us  through the barrier. But there aren't enough of us to efficiently guard  all of you of the time. Further, the food synthesisers cannot  manufacture enough food for the entire journey. We are therefore  neutralising all nonessential personnel.  The procedure is already underway. Now, as to bridge personnel.  Drea? We have no need for communication.  (Uhura is reduced to a block of salts.)  And since Drea is capable of handling the ship from here on.  (Bye, Chekov and other crew.) [Corridor] (Kirk is walking along when he comes across a  cluster of blocks and some instruments on the floor.)  Do you not agree that this is better thing for them than  exploding the ship as your engineer had thought to do? We detected it,  of course. Tomar has devised a mechanism to prevent any further  tampering. Please accept your situation, Captain. It will make things  much less painful. [Rec room] Is there some problem, Captain?  What did he want here?  In what manner? (she kisses him) Very odd creatures, these  humans. [Scott's quarters] (Another bottle has been emptied.)  Well, I do not understand this business of pressing with the  lips to apologise.  Kelinda has no affection for Captain Kirk.  Why should I be disturbed?  I have no reason for such a reaction. Kelinda's a female,  nothing more.  Well, of course she is!  No!  Certainly not.  Kelinda, I've been thinking.  I do not wish you to fraternise with any of the humans.  Well, they, they offer such strange ideas. They're not meant for  us. Not for Kelvans.  No. And I wish you to particularly avoid Captain Kirk.  You will do as I say, or I will neutralise your Captain Kirk and  all the other humans as well.  (He has taken a rather firm hold of her arm.)  [Sickbay] (Hanar is having another vitamin shot.)  Very well.  It's the way your duties have always been assigned.  Hanar!  Hanar, confine yourself to your quarters!  (Hanar storms off the bridge, and Rojan hits the arm of the Captain's  chair. Drea stares.)  [Rec room] (There's a whole lot of smooching going on.)  Mister Spock, you were not ordered to the  bridge. What is your purpose here?  Very well. Proceed. Have you seen Captain Kirk?  No. I was wondering where he was.  He was alone then.  I told her to stay away from him.  Kelinda, I told you to avoid this human.  I am your commander.  You did this to her, corrupted her, turned her away from me!  You will release her!  (Rojan drags Kirk away from Kalinda. Kirk slaps him across the face,  twice. Finally he has goaded him into a fight.)  No, I cannot be!  (He throws off Kirk, into the arms of Spock and McCoy who are entering  the room.)  You fool. These bodies are tools. We remain Kelvans!  We have a duty, our mission. We've got to accomplish any way we  can.  You would really do that? You would extend welcome to invaders?  (They finally stop fighting.)  Perhaps. Perhaps it could be done.  But if we retain this form, where could we find a place?  And you. You would wish to remain with him?  Yes. Very curious.  Bridge, this is Rojan.  I'm returning command of the ship to Captain Kirk. You will  follow his orders. 
