Captain.  Your service honours us, Captain.  Doctor. My aides and she who is my wife.  (He holds out his right hand with two fingers extended, and a human  woman steps forward to touch them.)  I'd prefer another guide, Captain.  My wife, attend.  I gave Spock his first instruction in computers, Captain. He  chose to devote his knowledge to Starfleet instead of the Vulcan  Science Academy.  Offence is a human emotion. I'm returning to my quarters.  Continue, my wife. (leaves)  One hundred two point four three seven precisely, Doctor,  measured in your years. I had other concerns.  The vote will not be taken here, Ambassador Gav. My government's  instructions will be heard in the council chambers on Babel.  Tellarites do not argue for reasons. They simply argue.  You are correct, Captain. Quite logical.  We debated during my last council session. Ambassador.  Excuse me, Doctor. It has been a rather long day for my wife.  Captain.  You embarrassed Spock this evening. Not even  a mother may do that. He is a Vulcan.  He's a Starfleet officer.  It is not a question of approval. The fact exists. He is in  Starfleet. He must command respect if he is to function.  It does not require pride to ask that Spock be given the respect  which is his due. Not as my son, but as Spock. Do you understand?  It does seem unavoidable.  You seem unwilling to wait for the council meeting, Ambassador.  No matter. We favour admission.  Under Federation law, Coridan can be protected and its wealth  administered for the benefit of its people.  Coridan has nearly unlimited wealth of dilithium crystals, but  it is under-populated  and unprotected. This invites illegal mining operations.  Some of your ships have been carrying Coridan dilithium  crystals.  Of course, Captain.  Threats are illogical. And payment is usually expensive.  (Gav leaves.) [Corridor] (The Tellarite is hanging upside down from a  Jefferies tube. He is not doing spine stretching exercises.)  You want something of me, Captain?  Indeed? Interesting.  I quite agree.  In private meditation, Captain. Spock will tell you that such  meditation is a personal experience, not to be discussed.  especially not with Earthmen.  Yes. There were three others. My physician prescribed  Benjisidrine for the condition.  There was nothing you could have done.  Two before we left Vulcan, the third a few hours ago. I was on  the observation deck. When the Tellarite was murdered,  I was quite incapacitated.  None.  Because of the construction of the Vulcan heart.  Yes, unquestionably.  My blood type is T-negative. Somewhat rare, even for a Vulcan.  Mutual suspicion and interplanetary war.  I don't understand.  Spock acted in the only logical manner open to him. One does not  thank logic, Amanda.  She has always been that way.  At the time, it seemed the logical thing to do. 
