All of your questions will be answered in time, Captain  Kirk.  KIRK; Are your hailing frequencies open?  I am Sargon. It is the energy of my thoughts which has  touched your instruments and directed you here. Now with this closer  distance I can speak to you at last.  Please assume a standard orbit about our planet, Captain.  The choice is yours. I read what is in your mind. Words  are unnecessary.  And I am as dead as my planet. Does that frighten you,  James Kirk? For if it does, if you let what is left of me perish, then  all of you, my children, all of mankind must perish, too.  Captain's Log. Stardate 4768.3. The Enterprise is  in orbit above a planet whose surface, our sensors tell us, is devoid  of all life, a world destroyed and dead for at least a half million  years. Yet from it comes a voice, the energy of pure thought,  telling us something has survived here for those thousands of  centuries. [Bridge] Your probes have touched me, Mister Spock.  I have locked your transporter device on my co-ordinates.  Please come to us. Rescue us from oblivion.  I will make it possible for your transporter to beam you  that deep beneath the surface. Have no fear.  Please stand ready. I will operate your controls.  (the glowing sphere) Welcome. I am Sargon.  You may use your tricorder, Mister Spock. Your readings will  show energy but no substance. Sealed in this receptacle is the essence  of my mind.  A body much as yours, my children, although our minds were  infinitely greater.  Because it is possible you are our descendants, Captain Kirk.  Six thousand centuries ago, our vessels were colonising this galaxy,  just as your own starships have now begun to explore that vastness. As  you now leave your own seed on distant planets, so we left our seed  behind us. Perhaps your own legends of an Adam and an Eve were two of  our travellers.  In either case, I do not know. It was so long ago, and the  records of our travels were lost in the cataclysm which we loosened  upon ourselves.  A struggle for such goals and the unleashing of such power that  you could not comprehend.  And we survived our primitive nuclear era, my son. But there  comes to all races an ultimate crisis which you have yet to face.  One day our minds became so powerful, we dared think of  ourselves as gods.  I understand, my son. Go to your vessel. All who are  involved must agree to this. After all these centuries, we can wait a  few more hours.  Then you may go as freely as you came.  [Briefing room] I am pleased, my beloved. It is good you have found the  truth yourself.  I have power even Henoch does not suspect, beloved.  I could not allow your sacrifice of one so close to you.  (Lights dim and glow, then Chapel wobbles.)  No, Doctor. I allowed you to believe that to be true so  that Henoch would read your thoughts and believe it also.  But Henoch believed and fled the body. He is destroyed.  We now know we cannot permit ourselves to exist in your  world, my children. Thalassa and I must now also depart into oblivion.  Yes, my son. You can allow Thalassa and me to share your bodies  again. A last moment together.  (Mulhall nods, and they go over to the science station for the light  trick and voice change.) 
