Why have you intercepted me?  Please identify yourselves.  (to the cat) Yes, I heard him, Isis. We're aboard a space  vessel. From what planet?  That's impossible. In this time period, there weren't (notices  Spock) Humans with a Vulcan? You're from the future, Captain. You're  going to have to beam me down to Earth immediately.  (Security arrive.)  Careful, Isis. All right. Captain Kirk. My name is Gary Seven. I  am a human being from the twentieth century. I was on my way  I've been living on another planet far more advanced. I was  beaming to Earth when you intercepted me.  They wish their existence kept secret. Even in your time, it  will remain unknown.  Impossible for you, not for them. Captain Kirk, I am of this  time period. You are not. You interfere with me with what I have to do  there, and you'll change history. You'll destroy the Earth and probably  yourselves, too.  This is the most critical period in Earth's history. The planet  I'm from wants to help Earth survive.  You're tired. Go to sleep.  (The guard slides down the wall with a grin on his face as Seven makes  his escape.)  [Briefing room] I know, Isis. But we'll be gone before they get here.  (They beam away just as Kirk, McCoy and Spock dash into the room.)  [Apartment - main room] (A display case full of glasses splits in two,  revealing a massive safe door behind it. The locking wheel turns, the  safe door opens and Gary Seven carrying Isis the cat walks out of a fog  into the main room. The safe door shuts itself behind him and is hidden  again behind the shelves of glasses. Seven goes to the window and looks  down onto a street filled with people and traffic.)  You're right, Isis. It is primitive. It's incredible that people  can exist like this. At least we won't have to. Not for long. Computer  on.  (A bookcase swings open to reveal a black screen, circular monitor and  control panel.)  Specify locations of agents two oh one and three four seven.  Simply check my voice pattern. You'll find me listed as  Supervisor one nine four. Code name Gary Seven.  Computer, I am a class one supervisor. You are ordered to  override previous instructions and answer my questions.  Computer, I caution you. I have little love for Beta Five  snobbery. Override. All right. Agents are male and female, descendants  of human ancestors taken from Earth approximately six thousand years  ago. They're the product of generations of training  for this mission. Problem. Earth technology and science have progressed  faster than political and social knowledge. Purpose of mission. To  prevent Earth's civilisation from destroying itself before it can  mature into a peaceful society.  Why didn't you say so in the first place? No, don't answer that.  Simply begin search immediately. Recheck all news broadcasts, decode  any government intercepted message  That's the same kind of nonsense that almost destroyed planet  Omicron Four.  Progress of mission Has the rocket been set to malfunction?  How much time before launch?  Computer, record the following. Unless agents are found  immediately, I must undertake their mission.  [Street] (Kirk and Spock have managed to beam down in suits  and overcoats (and woolly hat for Spock of course)  Where have you been?  Where have you been for the past three days?  Where's three four seven?  Two oh one, code responses are not necessary.  Sit down.  I said sit down.  I'll say one thing for you. You play your role well. But that is  no longer necessary. I'm Supervisor one nine four, code name Gary  Seven. I need a complete report  Yes, report. Everything you have done for the past three Earth  days.  (He gestures to the typewriter.)  Everything you've done.  Not with your fingers.  (He flicks a switch on the side of the machine.)  Wait a minute.  You're not acting, are you?  Tie in to computer.  Scan unidentified female present.  Miss Lincoln. Miss Lincoln, What kind of work did your employers  say they were doing here?  All right. You can go. Of course, if you do, you won't be  helping your country. Unless you don't care about that.  I don't know, Miss Lincoln, what you are, not yet. All I know is  that my incompetence has made you aware of very secret devices that are  vital to the security of this nation.  Thank you, Isis. I'll be right in. (Isis leaves) It's a trained  cat, Just like guard dogs, that kind of thing.  Don't let anybody in here. I'll be busy.  That just doesn't make sense. For them to die in something as  useless as an automobile accident. Are the facts verified?  Computer off.  (Roberta answers the door to the office as the computer hides behind  the bookcase again.)  KIRK; Where's Mister Seven?  Yeah, sure, Sarge. (hands over his NSA ID) There it is.  All right.  All right.  Be careful, lsis. Don't get stepped on.  (into telephone) Security, this is Sergeant Lipton, and we're  all straightened out down here. Right, thank you very much. Goodbye.  All right, Sergeant. Now let's just turn right around. We're going to  walk this way. You just sit right down right right there and have a  little nap.  (Grinning inanely, the guard sits on the ground by the building and  Yes, thank you. I know how to open it. (with his ubiquitous pen)  I know there's not much time.  (He starts fiddling with the wiring inside.)  [Launch Control] (Two communicators and two phasers are on the  launch controllers console. Lipton's boss is doing the interrogation.)  Meow? You are nervous, aren't you, doll? All right. I'm going as  fast as I can. [Launch Control] What are you doing? I wasn't finished.  You must have intercepted the Enterprise trying to beam me on  board. Computer on.  (The bookcase opens up.)  Lock into launch site scan.  Computer, adjustments at the rocket base were not completed. Can  I still take over the rocket as planned?  Exceiver on manual. Lock into flight telemetry. Visual off.  (Roberta backs away and picks up the telephone. Isis meows a warning  and Seven uses his pen to sever the cord.)  Roberta, please don't try to leave. You'll find all the doors  locked. Are you jealous, Isis? It's most unbecoming.  Begin malfunction at third stage.  Nine zero point zero eight.  Visual on.  Begin malfunction. Take it off course.  Arm the warhead.  Exceiver nine one point two one eight. [Bridge] (Uhura is scanning broadcasts in different  languages.)  Computer, rocket status.  You've got to let me finish what I started, or in six minutes  World War Three begins.  Roberta, you've got to believe me. Look, a truly advanced planet  wouldn't use force. They wouldn't come here in strange alien forms. The  best of all possible methods would be to take human beings to their  world, train them for generations until they're needed here.  Captain, I want that warhead detonated, too. Unless I do it at  least a hundred miles above ground, just barely in time to frighten  them out of this arms race  Captain, he can only guess. Will you please let me do my job.  (grabbing the pen from her) Roberta, be careful. The servo is  set to kill.  (He hands the pen to Kirk.)  There are only seconds. I'll need time to set it.  Computer, go to visual. Count by tens.  And in spite of the accidental interference with history by the  Earth ship from the future, the mission was completed.  So everything happened the way it was supposed to.  That, Miss Lincoln, is simply my cat.  What else do your record tapes show? 
