(An older male with alien ears. Obviously the leader) We are  One.  If you understand One, you know our purpose.  We turn our backs on confusion and seek the beginning.  The planet Eden.  And we protest against being harassed, pursued, attacked,  seized and transported here against our wishes.  We do not recognise Federation regulations nor the existence of  hostilities. We recognise no authority save that within ourselves.  We respectfully request that you take us to Eden.  We respectfully request that you take us to Eden.  I refuse to accept your findings.  They're the product of prejudice, not science.  Untrue!  Fantasy. Fantasy.  This is outrageous. You're not isolating me, you're imprisoning  me. You invent a crime, find me guilty and sentence me!  No!  It was an infringement on my rights.  I have no influence over what they do.  As I have been barred.  Of course I knew. You've researched my life. You've read the  orders restricting me to travel only in areas of advanced technology  because of what my body carries.  Because this is poison to me. This stuff you breathe, this  stuff you live in, the shields of artificial atmosphere that we have  layered about every planet. The programs in those computers that run  your ship and your lives for you, they bred what my body carries.  That's what your science have done to me. You've infected me. Only the  primitives can cleanse me. I cannot purge myself until I am among them.  Only their way of living is right. I must go to them.  I shall go to them and be One with them. And together we shall  build a world such as this galaxy has never seen.  A world. A life. A life. So now you're going to try to persuade me that  your technologies will find a cure for me, and then I'll be free to go.    And for that reason I should persuade my friends to behave so  that they too will be allowed.  All right, you send them in. I'll talk to them.  [Bridge] I am. All functions, life support as well. You cannot  interfere, as I have frozen the doors to the control room. [Bridge] If I am in any way prevented from reaching  that destination, I shall destroy this ship and all aboard. [Bridge] Do that, and I shall retaliate. [Bridge] When will we get there?  They'll try to persuade us to change course presently and then  they'll attack.  I have another weapon. Take control, Brother Rad.  (Sevrin takes the cover off a wall access point)  Making an adjustment on their circuits.  At the proper time. Let me know when we're in orbit.  Well, I'm using sound against them, beyond the ultrasonic. It  will stun them and allow us time to leave. We'll go in one of their  shuttlecraft.  I've gone beyond those texts, Irina. It's correct for you to be  concerned, but be assured also.  We cannot allow them to come after us. It will not reach us in  here. I can control it all. I have adjusted it so that it will suspend  its effects after a few moments and allow us time to escape. Then,  after we've gone, it will automatically reactivate.  Rejoice, brethren. Soon we shall step together into Eden.  (A flame appears in the wall behind them) [Corridor] (Scott is trying to cut into the room with a  phaser. Sevrin turns on his sonic weapon and Spock is instantly  stricken with pain)  Now we may leave. [Corridor] (Scott, Kirk and Spock are waking up)  No, we're not leaving.  We're not leaving Eden, none of us.  We're not leaving.  (Sevrin runs off on his blistered feet and climbs a fruit tree) 
