(to Kirk): Step away from the door. (she enters with a tray)  Come. It is the nourishment interval.  [Bridge] It is nourishment. We call it that.  It is a sign of our Provider. By the colour of the lights it  can be known who holds us. When you are vended, you will also have a  colour.  When you are developed. The Provider who offers the most  quatloos puts his colour on us.  It is only to warn and punish.  It is not permitted to talk of that.  Of course. I am your drill thrall. I will train you well.  What does that mean?  What is beautiful?  Born? I have been here always.  She who bore me was killed in a freestyle match.  You will learn all these things.  It is not permitted. (a gong sounds and a red light flashes)  The exercise interval. This is your training harness. Put it on.  [Bridge] This will strengthen you. Drink it. Kloog's left eye is weak.  Approach him from that side.  (not at all out of breath) Oh. Very well. You are tired.  That is the way.  Computers?  Not such as ours.  It is not used.  I do not think it is well to ask such things.  One does not talk of such things.  Planet?  (Stands close to her back, hands on her shoulders, so he can whisper in  her ear.)  I have looked at them.  How can one live on a flicker of light?  Dark? But all is lighted. Here, the chambers.  What else would one do?  What is love?  We, too, have mates. When it is time to increase the herd, my  Provider will select one for me.  I do not think your words are allowed.  I have never seen them, but they are said not to be like us.  They stay in  (Her collar lights up, and Kirk holds her tight while she writhes in  pain.)  You risked bringing their anger on yourself. Why did you do it?    And this. Is this also helping?  Please, help me once again. (another kiss) I did not know it  could be like this between people. Is it always so in the place you  come from?  Yes. You have made me feel strangely. If it were allowed, I  would ask that you have another drill thrall.  You lied. Everything you said.  (She trips him, but he grabs the pole and pulls her down to the point  of his dagger. They both hesitate, break free, and she gets him at her  mercy. Again there is hesitation, so Kirk uses his legs to grab her and  this time puts the blade firmly to her throat.)  The thralls surrender!  (Kirk lets her go.)  I understand, a little. You will leave us now?  To go back to the lights in the sky?  I would like to go to those lights with you. Take me?  Then teach me how, and I will follow you.  Goodbye, Jim Kirk. I will learn, and watch the lights in the  sky, and remember. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
