Yes, I know. Are you a friend of his?  Areel Shaw. And I'm a friend, too. An old one.  Flattery will get you everywhere.  KIRK; It's been, how long has it been?  Four years, seven months, and an odd number of days. Not that I'm  counting.  But things have changed for you, haven't they?  I'm a lawyer in the Judge Advocate's office, remember?  You're taking it very lightly.  Are you? That's not what the rumours indicate.  Jim, this could ruin you. Will you take some advice?  The prosecution will build its case on the basis of Kirk versus  the computer. Now if your attorney tries to defend on that basis, you  won't have a chance.  That's up to your attorney, and that's why he's got to be a good  one.  No, I'm busy.  Jim, be serious. You're not an ordinary human. You're a Starship  Captain, and you've stepped into scandal. If there's any way they can  do it, they'll slap you down hard and permanently for the good of the  service.  Samuel T. Cogley, attorney at law. If anyone can save you, he  can. He'll be paying you a visit. Jim, I've got to go.  Because, Jim Kirk, my dear old love, I am the prosecution, and I  have to do my very best to have you slapped down hard. Broken out of  the service, in disgrace.  [Kirk's room] (Kirk is about to pour himself a drink.)  I call Mister Spock.  (Spock hands over his data chip, sits down and puts his hand on the lie  detector.)  Mister Spock, as a First officer, you know a great deal about  computers, don't you?  It is possible for a computer to malfunction, is it not?  Do you know of any malfunction which has caused an inaccuracy in  the Enterprise computer?  That answer is based on your mechanical survey of the Enterprise  computer ordered by the defendant prior to this trial, is it not?  Now the stardate  Why do you say that?  In other words, it reports that Captain Kirk was reacting to an  extreme emergency that did not then exist.  Is it? Were you watching him the exact moment he pressed the  jettison button?  Then how can you dispute the finding of the log?  Oh? On what do you base that statement?  Please instruct the witness not to speculate.  I do not see what that has to  In your opinion.  Thank you. Your witness, Mister Cogley.  I now call the personnel officer for the Enterprise.  In the course of your duties as personnel officer of the  Enterprise, you would be familiar with the service records of all  aboard?  With reference to Records Officer Finney, was there in his  service record a reported disciplinary action for failure to close a  circuit?  Was the charge in that instance based upon a log entry by the  officer who relieved him?  And who was that officer?  Louder, please, for the court.  Now the Captain Kirk who sits in this courtroom?  Thank you. Do you wish to cross-examine, Mister Cogley?  I now call Doctor McCoy to the stand.  Doctor, you are, on the record, an expert in psychology,  especially space psychology. Patterns which develop in the close  quarters of a ship during long voyages in deep space.  You have just heard the testimony of your own personnel officer,  that it was an action of the then Ensign Kirk, which placed an  unerasable blot on the record of the then Lieutenant Finney.  Psychologically, Doctor, is it possible that Lieutenant Finney blamed  Kirk for the incident?  He could have hated Kirk down through the years, blamed him for  being passed over for promotion, blamed him for never being given a  command of his own, correct?  Now, let us hypothesise, Doctor. Is it normal for a person to  return affection for hatred?  Do we not tend to at first resent and then actively dislike the  person who hates us?  Hypothetically. Would not Captain Smith begin to hate Lieutenant  Commander Jones once he learned that Lieutenant Commander Jones hated  and detested him?  Then I ask you, is it not possible that Captain Kirk became aware  of Lieutenant Commander Finney's hatred toward him  and perhaps, even involuntarily, began to reciprocate?  Any normal human, Doctor. Is it possible?  Is it theoretically possible, Doctor?  Thank you. Your witness, Mister Cogley.  May it please the court.  The prosecution concedes the inestimable record of Captain Kirk.  Thank you.  The prosecution does not wish to dishonour this man, but facts  are facts. I must invite the attention of the court and Captain Kirk to  this visual extract from the Enterprise computer log. Play back. What  you are about to see is precisely what took place on the Enterprise  bridge during the ion storm.  [Bridge] (On the courtroom viewscreen)  Reverse. Stop. Go forward with magnification  on the panel. Freeze that. Captain Kirk is now signalling a Yellow  Alert. Go forward, normal view.  [Bridge] (On courtroom viewscreen.)  Freeze that! If the court will notice, the  log plainly shows the defendant's finger pressing the jettison button.  The condition signal reads Yellow Alert. Not red alert, but simply  Yellow Alert. When the pod containing Lieutenant Commander Finney was  jettisoned, the emergency did not as yet exist.  Sir, the prosecution rests.  Objection! Counsel for the defence has rested his case.  Mister Cogley is well-known for his theatrics.  Your Honour, that is ridiculous. We produced the witnesses in  court. My learned opponent had the opportunity to see them,  cross-examine them.  I protest, Your Honour.  Object! The witness would be making a conclusion.  What does that mean?  Absolutely no objection, sir.  (Later, Kirk is in a fresh new shirt, and talking quietly to Areel in  front of the turbolift doors. Around them it is business as usual.)  How long will it be this time before I see you again?  Sam Cogley asked me to give you something special. It's not a  first edition, just a book. Sam says that makes it special.  He's busy on a case. He's defending Ben Finney. He says he'll  win.  Do you think it would cause a complete breakdown of discipline if  a lowly lieutenant kissed a Starship Captain  on the bridge of his ship?  And so must the Enterprise. Goodbye, Jim.  I had pretty good luck this time. I lost, didn't l?  (She leaves, blowing him a final kiss. He pulls himself together, goes  to his chair and sits between two stony-faced officers.) 
