Spock here, Captain. [Bridge] Sensors have picked up a Klingon ship,  closing fast.  Captain, the enemy ship is drifting, totally disabled. [Bridge] And we never fired upon her. [Planet surface] Here, Captain.  Understood, Captain. Transporter room.  (The group is beamed up, and the weird light follows.) [Transporter room] (Just the four Federation people materialise on the  pads.)  Our landing party is intact, Doctor.  First group from the Klingon vessel, Captain.  (Six Klingons including two women materialise. They are hustled away  except one.)  At the moment we received the distress signal from the colony on  Beta Twelve A, the Klingons were too far distant to have been the  attackers. Moreover, they also were apparently attracted by a distress  call. [Turbolift] Our log tapes will indicate our innocence in the present  situation.  Sensor sweeps reveal no other ships within range, Captain.  Captain, neither the Klingon technology nor ours, is capable of  this. The instantaneous transmutation of matter. I doubt that they are  responsible.  None. However, if they had such power, would they not have used  it to create more effective weapons and only for themselves?  Scans indicate that our forces and those of the Klingons are  exactly equal at thirty eight each. The Klingons control deck six and  starboard deck seven, while we control all sections above.  Most curious, Captain. There appear to be more life-energy units  on board than can be accounted for by the presence of the Enterprise  crew plus the Klingons. A considerable discrepancy.  I shall attempt a compensatory reading of Klingon units. [ Corridor outside Engineering] (Inside Engineering, the weird light seems to be  bigger. Scott climbs up an access ladder to the corridor.)  No additional Klingons detected, Captain. It  is an alien life force, a single entity. I cannot ascertain its  location.  Readings being diverted to the library computer for analysis.  Computer report.  What purpose?  If the alien is creating these events, Captain, it is apparently  capable of manipulating matter and mind.  Captain, I am constrained to point out that since minds are  evidently being influenced, we cannot know at this moment whether our  own memories are completely accurate and true.  An appropriate choice of terms. However, it is notoriously  difficult to arrange a truce with the Klingons once blood has been  drawn.  We are attempting to end it, Doctor. By reason, preferably.  There is an alien on board which may have created this situation.  Easy, Mister Scott.  May I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with  humans? I find their illogic and foolish emotions a constant irritant.  Fascinating. The result of stress?  Recent events would seem to be directed toward a magnification  of the basic hostilities between humans and Klingons. Apparently, it is  by design that we fight. We seem to be pawns.  It is most urgent that we locate the alien entity immediately,  and determine its motives and a method for halting its activities.  Sensors may be operating.  Alien detected in the engineering section,  near reactor number three.  Jim, he's not responsible.  It would appear that the entity wants us alive.  Perhaps human and Klingon psychologies and combat capabilities  are being tested by an alien with designs on both powers.  I understand, Doctor. I, too, felt a brief surge of racial  bigotry. Most distasteful.  Totally unfamiliar.  Fascinating. During Lieutenant Johnson's emotional outburst, his  expression of hatred and lust for vengeance, the alien's life energy  level increased. When the Lieutenant became unconscious, the alien lost  energy.  This one appears to be strengthened by mental irradiations of  hostility, violent intentions.  To put it simply. And it has acted as a catalyst, creating this  situation in order to satisfy that need. It has brought together  opposing forces, provided crude instruments in an effort to promote the  most violent mode of conflict.  Then all hostile attitudes on board must be eliminated. The  fighting must end and soon.  The alien is affecting his mind, Captain. Soon, it will become  so powerful that none of us will be able to resist it.  There's nothing we can do about it.  We have nine minutes, fifty three seconds to power zero. SPOCK:  There is, of course, a logical alternative. Kang's wife is, after all,  our prisoner. Perhaps a threat.  Eight minutes, forty two seconds.  It has rarely been done because of the danger involved. Pinpoint  accuracy is required. If the transportee should materialise inside a  solid object, a deck or wall.  No one can guarantee the actions of another. [Transporter room] Your automatic setting is laid in,  Captain. [Bridge] When transporter is energised, you will have  eight seconds to get to the pads. [Transporter room] You'll know in seven point nine seconds, Captain.  (They dash to the pads, then Kirk returns to the console to leave his  cutlass behind.)  [Engineering] (Kirk and Mara beam in.)  Those who hate and fight must stop themselves, Doctor.  Otherwise, it is not stopped.  All fighting must end, Captain, to weaken the alien before our  dilithium crystals are gone.  The cessation of violence appears to have weakened it, Captain.  I suggest that good spirits might make an effective weapon. 
We have reached projected point three, Captain. Adjust to new  course two oh one mark one five.  Captain.  Will you check your automatic scanner, please?  Nor have I.  (They lower the central shutter to view the approaching swirly flashing  thing.)  Heading directly toward us at warp speed.  Vaguely like a cloud of ionised hydrogen, but with strong  erratic electrical impulses.  (Sounds of electrical shorts. The lights flicker.)  Helm does not answer, Captain.  Cut, Captain.  Now on course nine eight mark one two, heading directly toward  Gamma Canaris region.  Gravity is similar to Earth. Most unusual in view of its size.  The bulk of the body seems to be iron and nickel. More than an  asteroid. Like a small planetoid, I should say. Possibly a remnant of a  planet breakup. Totally suitable for human life.  Most unusual. Unlikely. In fact, Captain, I would say quite  impossible.  Precisely.  Obviously.  The ionised cloud.  Fascinating.  Correct.  Which seems to be on the surface of this body at the moment.  You say we'll be unable to get the ship to function again?  You don't mind if we continue to try?  You built this, Mister Cochrane?  Not bad.  Captain, Doctor.  (From the doorway, the three see a swirly thing which then disappears.  Cochrane comes in with a tray of drinks.)  We imagined nothing, Mister Cochrane. There was an entity out  there and I suspect it was the same entity which brought us here.  Please explain.  You were injured?  I prefer to reserve judgment on that part of your story, sir.  Meanwhile, would you please explain exactly what this Companion of  yours is?  The name of Zefram Cochrane is revered throughout the known  galaxy. Planets were named after him. Great universities, cities.  True, his body was never found.  If so, you wear your age very well.  Captain. These instruments, they date from the time indicated.  From your ship, Mister Cochrane?  You ask me to find a weapon. Do you intend to destroy it?  Quite clear, Captain.  Yes. Quite all right, Doctor. A most fascinating thing happened.  Apparently, the Companion imparted to me a rather quaint, old-fashioned  electric shock of respectable voltage.  Evidently. Unquestionably, a large part of its substance is  simple electricity.  Quite correct, Doctor. [Cochrane's home] (Spock is demonstrating the device he has put on  the table.)  Put this in the proximity of the Companion, throw this switch,  and it will scramble every electrical impulse the creature can produce.  It cannot fail.  We may simply render it powerless.  There is some risk, Captain. We do not know the extent of its  powers.  All right.  (They go to the doorway and see the Companion with Cochrane again.)  Yes, Captain?  The translator is for use with more congruent life forms.  It is possible. If I could widen its pattern of reception  Then it translates its findings into English.  Quite ready, Captain.  Yes. The matter of gender could change the entire situation.  Then it is not a zookeeper.  This is a marvellous opportunity to add to our knowledge. Ask it  about its nature, its history.  A chance like this may never come again. It could tell us so  much.  Her attitude when she approaches you is profoundly different  than when she contacts us. Her appearance is soft, gentle. Her voice is  melodic, pleasing. I do not totally understand the emotion, but it  obviously exists. The Companion loves you.  Your highly emotional reaction is most illogical. Your  relationship with the Companion has for one hundred and fifty years  been emotionally satisfying,  eminently practical, and totally harmless. It may indeed have been  quite beneficial.  Fascinating. A totally parochial attitude.  But she or it is inhuman, Captain. You cannot expect her to  react like a human.  Companion, you do not have the power to create life.  Commissioner Hedford was dying.  Then you are both here, in the one body?  Not coming from a human being. You are, after all, essentially  irrational.  But you will age, both of you. There will be no immortality.  You'll both grow old here and finally die. 
Miss Uhura, your last sub-space log contained an error in the  frequencies column.  Cry?  Well, since it is illogical for a communications officer to  resent the word frequency, I have no answer.  Vulcan has no moon, Miss Uhura.  Bridge acknowledging.  Explain.  Lieutenant, my demonstration of concern will not change what  happened. The transporter room is very well-manned and they will call  if they need my assistance. [Sickbay]   Bridge to Dispensary.  Borgia plant listed in library record tapes as  carbon group three vegetation similar to Earth nightshade family.  Alkaloid poison. Chemical structure common to class M planets. About  the strange mottling on his facial skin surface. There is no reference  to this symptom.  No mistake in our record tapes. Borgia plant. Its sole deadly  property is alkaloid poison.  Check out perfectly. They arrived here nearly five years ago.  Visited by various vessels, made fairly heavy shipments out, of  artefacts and reports. However, there has been a marked drop in  shipments during the last year.  Fascinating.  Sodium chloride. Not a trace of it.  He would die almost instantly.  Standing by.  Complete analysis.  Spock here.  It is the Borgia variety, Captain. Could not have caused  Darnell's death.  Spock here.  Acknowledged.  Something odd, Captain. You said two people.  We get a reading on only one person, probably Crater. He's  circling as if searching for something.  Yes, sir. [Corridor]   (Green is following Rand)  The simple fact is unless there's something seriously wrong with  the ship's equipment, there's only one person within a one hundred mile  circle.  Spock cutting in, Captain. Something here, through the arches to  your left.  Green.  Or something did.  Crater knows the creature. If we could take him alive.  Obviously, taking him alive is going to be difficult.  Why risk your life for his?  Acknowledged. Crater! (Kirk fires his phaser)  The Earth buffalo. What about it?  And now they're gone. Is that what you mean?  Always in the past tense.  Supplies of salt have been set out as bait at all decks and  engineering levels, Captain. However, no one or nothing has approached  them as yet.  Your attitude is laudable, Doctor, but your reasoning is  reckless.  A very interesting hypothesis, Doctor. Briefing room.  SULU [on monitor] All the halls sealed off. All weapons accounted for  and locked away. Security four in effect on every level. Still no lead  on intruder.  Recommend we use truth serum, Captain.  I'll accompany you, Doctor.  (on biobed) It wasn't McCoy. It was the creature. It hit me.  Crater grabbed my phaser. I wondered about McCoy. Doubt had crossed my  mind.  Fortunately, my ancestors spawned in another ocean than yours  did. My blood cells are quite different. [McCoy's  quarters]   It's killing the Captain. Shoot it, Doctor, quickly!  It's killing the captain!  Shoot, quick!  This is not Nancy. (hitting her repeatedly) If she were Nancy,  could she take this?  Is that Nancy, Doctor?  Something wrong, Captain? 
Very typical, Captain. Iron-silicon base, oxygen-hydrogen  atmosphere, largely arid, no discernible life. No surprises.  Captain.  (Something suddenly rocks the ship. We see a shot of a nebula along  with the crew.)  Incredible, Captain.  (And again.)  What my instruments read is totally unbelievable, Captain.  Twice, for a split second each time, everything within range of our  instruments seemed on the verge of winking out.  I have given you the facts, Captain. The entire magnetic field  in this solar system simply blinked. The planet below, the mass of  which we're measuring, attained zero gravity.  Is non-existence.  Captain, scanners now report a life object on the planet surface  below.  Inexplicable, Captain. This reading began at approximately the  moment that the pulsation phenomenon began to subside.  A living being. Body temperature 98.5 Fahrenheit. Mass,  electrical impulses, movement. It is apparently human, Captain.  None.  Possible. Very possible.  Negative, Captain. Scanners indicate situation normal.  Nothing. Illogical. An effect of such proportions, unexplainable  by any established physical laws that I'm aware of. I have been able to  ascertain one fact. Though the effect, whatever it was, was  unquestioningly widespread, it was strongest here on the planet beneath  us.  Third, a closer examination of the planet's surface would be in  order. My job, sir?  Negative, Captain. Anything from our guest?  Lieutenant Uhura communicated that information. I ordered  re-confirmation on our sensors. They indicate no living creature on  this planet. I suggest, Captain, that you've been lied to.  I fail to comprehend your indignation, sir. I've simply made the  logical deduction that you are a liar.  I'm trying, Captain.  Captain, readings of the effect indicate it centred here on this  planet, almost on this very spot.  Negative, Captain. I can no more explain the occurrence of the  second phenomenon than I can the first.  That a single creature, a humanoid could be responsible for an  effect of such magnitude?  Indeed.  Affirmative.  Captain, I only know for certain that the occurrence of the  phenomenon coincides exactly with the moments that Lazarus has his  alleged confrontations.  Request you come to the Bridge, Captain.  Something quite extraordinary.  Main screen on, Lieutenant.  Source of radiation, Captain.  (A bright flashing light on the planet.)  Because it is not there.  What I mean, Captain, is that according to our usual scanning  procedures, there is nothing there that could be causing that effect.  Affirmative. I confess I am somewhat at a loss for words. It may  be described, though loosely and inaccurately, as a rip in our  universe.  A kind of physical warp, Captain, in which none of our  established physical laws apply with any regularity. However, with the  dilithium crystals, I was able to localise it.  You refer to the humanoid?  Why does he need the crystals? For what reason?  Unable to locate the source of radiation.  It has simply disappeared, Captain.  True, Captain, but more significant to me is the fact that our  ship's instruments are specifically designed to locate and identify any  object in our universe, be it energy or matter.  Correct. Which would seem to be impossible.  Perfect working condition.  Nor in our universe, Captain. It came from outside.  The possible existence of a parallel universe has been  scientifically conceded, Captain.  Unquestionably a warp. A distortion of physical laws on an  immense scale.  Indeed. I point out that a hole in the universe or in a simple  container can either allow the contents to escape  There has been no evidence of a large-scale invasion.  Difficult, Captain. One moment, paranoid, the next, calm, mild,  rational. Almost as if he were two men.  Through which these two beings are somehow enabled to pass.  The cut on his forehead. First he has it, then it's gone, then  he has it again.  Quite right. Unquestionably, there are two of him.  Jim, madness has no purpose or reason, but it may have a goal.  He must be stopped, held. Destroyed if necessary.  Two parallel universes project this. One positive, the other  negative. Or, more specifically, one matter, the other antimatter.  Precisely. Under certain conditions, when two identical  particles of matter and antimatter meet  Annihilation, Jim. Total, complete, absolute annihilation.  Lazarus. A trick to get the crystals. [Transporter room] Spock to Bridge. [Planet surface] (Lazarus climbs into his saucer and unwraps the  crystals.)  Lazarus.  (Kirk jumps him while he is distracted and knocks him down.)  Take these crystals to the Enterprise.  What of Lazarus?  There is, of course, no escape for them, sir.  Captain, the universe is safe. 
What is this?  (The door to his quarters opens and Chapel rushes out with a scream,  just before the soup bowl hits the opposite wall.)  Poking and prying! If I want anything from you, I'll ask  for it!  (Everyone stops and stares as he come to his door.)  Captain, I should like to request a leave of absence on my home  planet. On our present course you can divert to Vulcan with a loss of  but two point eight light days.  I have made my request, Captain. All I require from you is that  you answer it. Yes or no. [Spock's quarters] It is undignified for a woman to play servant to a man who is  not hers.  You have my request, Captain. Will you grant it or not?  Captain, surely I have enough leave time accumulated.  No. Nothing of that nature, Captain.  No! I must. I wish to take my leave on Vulcan.  I need rest. I'm asking you to accept that answer.  Thank you, Captain.  No. (looking at his shaking hand) We're not.  Captain's log, stardate 3372.7. On course, on  schedule, bound for Altair Six via Vulcan. First Officer Spock seems to  be under stress. He has requested and been granted shore leave. Ship  surgeon McCoy has him under medical surveillance.  [Bridge] I quite understand, Captain. [Kirk's quarters] (Kirk is resting in the dark when he has an idea.)  Changed the course?  No. No, by no means, Captain. It is quite possible.  Captain, I accept on your word that I did it, but I do not know  why, nor do I remember doing it. Captain, lock me away. I do not wish  to be seen. I cannot. No Vulcan could explain further.  Ask me no further questions. I will not answer.  Sickbay?  My orders were to report to Sickbay, Doctor. I have done so. And  now I'll go to my quarters.  Examine me, for all the good it'll do either of us. [Bridge] Come.  It is a thing no out-worlder may know except those very few who  have been involved. A Vulcan understands, but even we do not speak of  it among ourselves. It is a deeply personal thing. Can you see that,  Captain, and understand?  Captain, there are some things which transcend even the  discipline of the service.  It has to do with biology.  Biology.  Vulcan biology.  The birds and the bees are not Vulcans, Captain. If they were,  if any creature as proudly logical as us were to have their logic  ripped from them as this time does to us. How do Vulcans choose their  mates? Haven't you wondered?  No. No. It is not. We shield it with ritual and customs shrouded  in antiquity. You humans have no conception. It strips our minds from  us. It brings a madness which rips away our veneer of civilisation. It  is the pon farr. The time of mating. There are precedents in nature,  Captain. The giant eelbirds of Regulus Five, once each eleven years  they must return to the caverns where they hatched.  On your Earth, the salmon. They must return to that one stream where  they were born, to spawn or die in trying.  No. Nor am I a man. I'm a Vulcan. I'd hoped I would be spared  this, but the ancient drives are too strong. Eventually, they catch up  with us, and we are driven by forces we cannot control to return home  and take a wife. Or die.  Let me alone. Let me alone!  (He pounds his desk monitor into a pulp.)  [Sickbay] Miss Chapel.  I had a most startling dream. You were trying to tell me  something, but I couldn't hear you. It would be illogical for us to  protest against our natures. Don't you think?  Your face is wet.  Vulcan. Miss Chapel.  Yes, I know, Christine. Would you make me some of that plomeek  soup?  It is obvious that you have surmised my problem, Doctor. My  compliments on your insight. Captain, there is a thing that happens to  Vulcans at this time. Almost an insanity, which you would no doubt find  distasteful.  Then would you beam down to the planet's surface and stand with  me? There is a brief ceremony.  It is my right. By tradition, the male is accompanied by his  closest friends.  I also request McCoy accompany me.  This is Spock.  T'Pring, parted from me and never parted, never and always  touching and touched. We meet at the appointed place.  She is T'Pring. My wife. [Vulcan] (The trio have beamed down onto a very red planet.  Sky, ground, all shades of hot orange-red. Spock leads them into an  area marked out by stone structures.)  This is the land of my family. It has been held by us for more  than two thousand  Earth years. This is our place of Koon-ut-kal-if-fee,  The marriage party approaches. I hear them.  By our parents' arrangement. A ceremony while we were but seven  years of age. Less than a marriage but more than a betrothal.  One touches the other in order to feel each other's thoughts. In this  way our minds were locked together, so that at the proper time, we  would both be drawn to Koon-ut-kal-if-fee.  (A jingling sound gets louder, and Spock strikes the gong again. Two  men enter shaking contraptions with lots of bells, followed by a woman  carried on a chair. T'Pring and others come behind her.)  They are not outworlders. They are my friends. I am permitted  this.  (She gestures for them to approach.)  This is Kirk.  With my life, T'Pau.  T'Pau.  My friend does not understand.  He does not know. I will do what I must, T'Pau, but not with  him! His blood does not burn. He is my friend!  I burn, T'Pau. My eyes are flame. My heart is flame. Thee has  the power, T'Pau. In the name of my fathers, forbid. Forbid! T'Pau. I  plead with thee! I beg!  Yes. I'll follow you up in a few minutes. You will instruct  Mister Chekov to plot a course for the nearest Starbase where I must  surrender myself to the authorities. (the sound of a transporter off  screen) T'Pring. Explain.  Why the challenge, and why you chose my captain as your  champion.  I see no logic in preferring Stonn over me.  Logical. Flawlessly logical.  Stonn. She is yours. After a time, you may find that having is  not so pleasing a thing after all as wanting. It is not logical, but it  is often true. Spock here. Stand by to beam up. Live long, T'Pau, and  prosper.  I shall do neither. I have killed my captain and my friend.  Energize. [Sickbay] Doctor, I shall be resigning my commission  immediately, of course.  So I would appreciate your making the final arrangements.  Doctor, please, let me finish. There can be no excuse for the  crime of which I'm guilty. I intend to offer no defence. Furthermore, I  shall order Mister Scott to take immediate command of this vessel.  Captain! Jim!  (There's a big, big grin across his face, which fades when McCoy and  Chapel's own smiles are noticed)  I'm pleased to see you, Captain. You seem uninjured. I am at  something of a loss to understand it, however.  Indeed.  Ah, yes, the girl. Most interesting. It must have been the  combat. When I thought I had killed the captain, I found I had lost all  interest in T'Pring. The madness was gone.  (Intercom whistle)  Merely my quite logical relief that Starfleet had not lost a  highly proficient captain.  Thank you, Captain.  Thank you, Doctor. 
I believe we'll have them plotted in a few more orbits, Captain.    (Sulu's console explodes and he is thrown to the floor, unconscious.)  This is of great scientific importance, Captain. We're actually  passing through ripples in time.  All plotted but one, Captain. Coming up on it now. Seems to be  fairly heavy displacement.  (And they hit it just as McCoy still has the hypo in his hand, and the  jolt results in him injecting it into his own stomach.)  The hypo, Captain.  Empty.  Confirmed by the library record tapes, Captain. Subjects failed  to recognise acquaintances, became hysterically convinced that they  were in mortal danger, and were seeking escape at any cost. Extremely  dangerous to himself or to anyone else who might  And the transporter at that time, Captain, was focused on the  centre of the time disturbance.  And of considerable age. On the order of ten thousand centuries  old.  Unbelievable, Captain.  This single object is the source of all the time displacement.  I can't. For this to do what it does is impossible by any  science I understand. It is operating even now. Putting out waves and  waves of time displacement, which we picked up millions of miles away.  Incredible power. It can't be a machine as we understand  mechanics.  I see no reason for answers to be couched in riddles.  A time portal, Captain. A gateway to other times and dimensions,  if I'm correct.  Really.  Relive the accident. This time be certain that the hypo accident  is avoided. Look at the speed with which the centuries are passing,  Captain. To step through on precisely the day we wish  I am a fool. My tricorder is capable of recording even at this  speed. I've missed taping centuries of living history which no man  before has ever  (But McCoy has woken up, and dashes towards the Guardian.)  With no past, no future.  I was recording images at the time McCoy  left. A rather barbaric period in your American history. I believe I  can approximate just when to jump. Perhaps within a month of the  correct time. A week, if we're fortunate.  There is no alternative.  Seconds now, sir. Stand by.  And now. [Street] (They leap through a wall with a poster for boxing  at Madison Square Gardens. Welcome to the Depression.)  It was called Depression, circa 1930. Quite barbaric.  (Two women give then curious looks, and Spock hides his ears with his  hands.)  I'm afraid I'm going to be difficult to explain in any case,  Captain.  That should prove interesting.  Fascinating.  Theft, Captain?  You were saying you'll have no trouble explaining it.  Perhaps the unfortunate accident I had as a child.  Oh, yes, it's quite untidy. Here, let me help you.  (And a quick neck pinch in front of witnesses, then they grab the  clothes and run off. With whistles blowing, they duck down the alley  beside the 21st Street Mission and down the stairs to the cellar.)  [Cellar] Captain, I hardly believe that insults are within your  prerogative as my commanding officer.  First, I believe we have about a week before McCoy arrives, but  we can't be certain.  There is a theory. There could be some logic to the belief that  time is fluid, like a river, with currents, eddies, backwash.  Unless that is true, Captain, we have no hope. Frustrating.  Locked in here is the place and moment of his arrival, even the images  of what he did. If only I could tie this tricorder in with the ship's  computers for just a few moments.  In this zinc-plated vacuum-tubed culture?  At what rate of payment? I need radio tubes and so forth. My  hobby.  Yes, of course, Captain.  Speculation. Gifted insight.  We have a what, Captain?  One might have said so in the first place. [Room] (It must be some days later, because Spock has  already built a 50's horror movie contraption, complete with static  electricity running between two vertical wires. Kirk enters with  groceries and turns the whining thing off.)  Captain, I must have some platinum. A small block would be  sufficient, five or six pounds. By passing certain circuits through  there to be used as a duodynetic field core...  Captain, you're asking me to work with equipment which hardly  very far ahead of stone knives and bearskins.  Captain. Captain, in three weeks at this rate, possibly a month,  I might reach the first mnemonic memory circuits.  (There's a knock at the door.)  I am endeavouring, ma'am, to construct a mnemonic memory circuit  using stone knives and bearskins. [Canteen] (Kirk and Spock are sweeping the floor, with the  chairs stacked on the tables, and two men repairing clocks.)  Captain. Tools for finely detailed work.  (Later, a combination padlock is being opened by someone with very  sensitive ears.) [Cellar] (Spock is stoking the boiler when Edith comes in to  confront them.)  I needed the fine tools for my radio work. They'd have been  returned in the morning.  Interesting. Where would you estimate we belong, Miss Keeler?  I'll finish with the furnace.  I may have found our focal point in time.  Yes. I'm overloading those lines. I believe we'll have our  answer on this screen, Captain.  And, Captain, you may find this a bit distressing.  I've slowed down the recording we made from the time vortex.  Bad enough.  It would seem unlikely, Jim. A few moments ago, I read a 1930  newspaper article.  Or Captain, Edith Keeler will die this year. I saw her obituary.  Some sort of traffic accident.  Captain, Edith Keeler is the focal point in time we've been  looking for, the point that both we and Doctor McCoy have been drawn  to.  Is the random element.  Or perhaps he prevents her from being killed. We don't know  which.  Captain, suppose we discover that in order to set things  straight again, Edith Keeler must die? [Street] (The man from the canteen steals a milk bottle from  a doorstep when McCoy leaps in through Singers Book Store window and  starts shouting.)  I'll need at least two more days before I dare make another  attempt.  Captain, our last bit of information was obtained at the expense  of thirty hours work in fused and burned circuits.  This is how history went after McCoy changed  it. Here, in the late 1930s. A growing pacifist movement whose  influence delayed the United States' entry into the Second World War.  While peace negotiations dragged on, Germany had time to complete its  heavy-water experiments.  Because all this lets them develop the A-bomb first. There's no  mistake, Captain. Let me run it again. Edith Keeler. Founder of the  peace movement.  She was right, but at the wrong time. With the A-bomb, and with  their V2 rockets to carry them, Germany captured the world.  And all this because McCoy came back and somehow kept her from  dying in a street accident as she was meant to. We must stop him, Jim.  We can estimate general happenings from these images, but I  can't trace down precise actions at exact moments, Captain. I'm sorry.  Jim, Edith Keeler must die. [Mission back room] (McCoy stirs, dislodging the moist towel from his  forehead.)  Captain, I did not plan to eavesdrop.  I must point out that when she stumbled, she might have died  right there, had you not caught her.  We're not that sure of our facts. Who's to say when the exact  time will come? Save her, do as your heart tells you to do, and  millions will die who did not die before. [Mission back room] (McCoy is out of bed.)  What is it?  No, Jim!  He knows, Doctor. He knows. [Planet surface] (Kirk and Spock leap back out of the Guardian.)  We were successful. 
Not a vessel, a ground source. The third planet in this solar  system, according to my instruments.  Measuring the planet now, Captain. It's spheroid-shaped,  circumference twenty four thousand eight hundred seventy four miles.  Mass six times ten to the twenty first power tons. Mean density five  point five one seven. Atmosphere oxygen, nitrogen.  Affirmative, Captain.  More the, er, mid-1900s I would say, Captain, approximately  1960.  Readings indicate that natural deterioration has been taking  place on this planet for at least several centuries.  Not conclusive, Yeoman. The evidence would suggest that the  distress signal is automated.  Definitely humanoid, in spite of the distortion.  About three hundred years.  Right, Captain.  Guards! Cover me.  Children, Captain. Lots of them. We couldn't  begin to get close to them. They just seemed to scurry away, like  animals. Only children.  Being a red-blooded human obviously has its disadvantages. Now  there you have a museum piece, Doctor. (referring to microscope) Lens  type, manually operated, light-activated.  Progress report, genetics section, Life Prolongation Project.  This was three hundred years ago, Captain.  But children become adults.  Doctor, there are certain glandular changes which take place  upon entering puberty, are there not?  Is it not possible that these children here, as they enter  puberty, contract the disease?  It's illogical. It does not follow. All the adults on this  planet died three hundred years ago, but there are children in the  streets.  There may be other emotions at work in this case, Captain.  She's becoming a woman.  [Bridge] Spock here.  Acknowledged, Lieutenant. I have their calculations now.  According to their life prolongation plan, what they thought  they were accomplishing, a person would age only one month for every  one hundred years of real time.  Exactly, Yeoman. Evidently through some miscalculation, this  virus annihilated the entire adult population in a very short period,  leaving only the children.  Could very well be immensely old.  Difficult, if we can't even get a glimpse of them.  Impossible. They know the area too well, like mice.  Is at least three hundred years older than you are, Yeoman.  Think about it.  [Old Toy Shop] Acknowledged.  This fellow made these notes in the last weeks after the  disaster began. I disregard these last entries. He said himself he was  too sick, too far gone to be sure he wasn't already mad, and I agree,  but based on the entries he made before that, I know how much time we  have. The ship's computers will verify my figures.  Our guess was correct. They contract the disease as they enter  puberty and their metabolism changes. The notes would indicate it  doesn't become acute for a month or so. I estimate she has perhaps five  or six weeks left.  The older the victim, the more rapid the progress of the  disease.  I am a carrier. Whatever happens, I can't go back to the ship,  and I do want to go back to the ship, Captain.  I presume my calculations are correct.  Spock here.  Verified, Captain. We have seven days.  Captain's Log, supplement. This is the second day  of the seven left to us. We've found nothing. Enterprise is standing by  with labs and computers ready to assist us.  [Laboratory] Unfortunately, they weren't successful. We've seen the results.  No, nothing.  Communicators, Captain, they're gone.  The nitrogen cycle, it has to be.  That is a very good question.  That's not all, Captain. We've got to find those communicators.  We've got to have those communicators, Jim.  Without them, it could be a beaker full of death.  We must. The vaccine could be fatal.  Bickering is pointless. I'll check on the Captain's progress.    (Spock leaves. McCoy picks up the hypospray and injects himself, then  collapses in agony)  Not yet.  He injected himself with the vaccine. He was unconscious when I  found him.  The blemishes are fading. They're fading. Who will understand  the medical mind?  Captain?  Warp factor one, Captain. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Commodore Wesley. How do you do, sir?  The most ambitious computer complex ever created. Its purpose is  to correlate all computer activity aboard a starship, to provide the  ultimate in vessel operation and control.  I hold an A-7 computer expert classification, Commodore. I'm  well acquainted with Doctor Daystrom's theories and discoveries. The  basic design of all our ship's computers are Doctor Daystrom's.  We are attempting to prove it can run this ship more efficiently  than man.  The most unfortunate lack in current computer programming is  that there is nothing available to immediately replace the starship  surgeon. [Corridor] I am honoured, Doctor.  Fascinating, Doctor. This computer has a potential beyond  anything you've ever done. Even your breakthrough in duotronics did not  have the promise of this.  The M-5 has been perfected, Commander. Its potential is a fact.  If I can be of assistance, Doctor.  M-5 has performed admirably so far.  Captain, I am forced to agree with Doctor Daystrom. With the  course information plotted into it, his computer could have brought us  here as easily as the navigator. In fact, it might have been a further  demonstration of M-5's capability.  Enjoy, Captain? No. I'm merely gratified to see Doctor  Daystrom's new unit execute everything required of it in such a highly  efficient manner. M-5 is another distinguished triumph for his career.  The planet is class M, Captain. Oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere  suitable for human life support. Two major land masses, a number of  islands, life form readings.  (handing over a computer disc) M-5's readout, Captain.  Captain, the computer does not judge. It makes logical  selections.  I am not familiar with these instruments, Doctor. You are using  an entirely new type of control mechanism. However, it appears to me  this unit is drawing more power than before.  Doctor, this unit is not a human body. The computer can process  information, but only the information which is put into it.  Captain, sensors report two contacts now. One on the port bow,  one on the stern. Distance, two hundred  thousand kilometres and closing.  We are not scheduled for war games in this area. This may be a  surprise attack as a problem for the M-5.  Phaser hit on port deflector four, Captain.  Attacking vessels are moving off.  Minor hit on deflector screen four. No appreciable damage.  The ship reacted more rapidly than human control could have  manoeuvred her. Tactics, deployment of weapons, all indicate an immense  sophistication in computer control.  Practical, Captain? Perhaps. But not desirable. Computers make  excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under  them. Captain the starship also runs on loyalty to one man, and nothing  can replace it, or him.  Dunsel, Doctor, is a term used by midshipmen at Starfleet  Academy. It refers to a part which serves no useful purpose.  [Kirk's quarters] (Kirk is working on a device when McCoy comes in  with a covered tray.)  Another contact, Captain. A large, slow-moving vessel. [Bridge] Unidentified. This is not a drill. [Kirk's quarters] M-5 has identified her, Captain. The Woden. Listed in Starfleet  Registry as an old-style ore freighter converted to automation. No  crew. Coming into visual range.  No effect on any of the M-5 controls, Captain.  Captain, photon torpedoes locking on target. Full power.  (Kirk leaps to Sulu's console and starts flicking switches.)  All systems report normal, Captain.  I would say, Captain, that M-5 is not only capable of taking  care of this ship, it is also capable of taking care of itself.  M-5 appears drawing power directly from the warp engines,  tapping the matter-antimatter reserves.  The multitronic unit is drawing more and more power directly  from the warp engines. The computer now controls all helm, navigation,  and engineering functions.  There is one possibility. The automatic helm navigation circuit  relays might be disrupted from engineering level three.  Most illogical. Of all people, he should have known how the  computer would perform. Of course, the M-5 itself has not behaved  logically.  No. But it is interesting.  (McCoy rolls his eyes.) [Jefferies tube] Good.  [Engineering] Spock to Captain Kirk.  We are ready, Captain.  Mister Scott is ready to apply the circuit disrupter. As he does  so, I shall trip the manual override into control.  Manual override is in control, Captain.  Mister Chekov.  Examine the H two seven nine elements,  also the G nine five systems.  Thank you, Ensign.  It appears, Captain, we've been doing  what used to be called pursuing a wild goose. M-5 has rerouted helm and  navigational controls, bypassing this primary system.  I believe that when M-5 discovered our tampering, it rerouted  the controls, leaving this one active by simply sending through an  electronic impulse at regular intervals.  I do not know. It is not performing in a logical manner.  I do not mean to offend, sir, but it behaves with an almost  human pattern.  Attack force closing rapidly, breaking formation, attacking at  will.  Hit on the Lexington. [Lexington Bridge] Hit in engineering section. Possible damage to her impulse  engines. She's still maneuverable on warp drive.  The Excalibur, a direct hit.  Lexington hit again.  Probably true, Captain. It works faster, thinks faster than we  do. It is a human mind amplified by the instantaneous relays possible  in a computer.  Doctor Daystrom, you impressed human engrams on the M-5  circuits.  Then perhaps you could talk to the unit. M-5 has no reason to  believe you would harm it.  I am most impressed with the technology, Captain. Doctor  Daystrom has created a mirror image of his mind.  Fascinating.  Every living thing wants to survive, Captain. Daystrom must have  impressed that instinctive reaction upon the computer.  Commodore Wesley is a dedicated commander. I should regret  serving aboard the instrument of his death.  Captain, attack force almost within phaser range.  M-5 is leaving itself open to attack. The machine is committing  suicide to atone for the sin of murder.  Spock to Captain.  The force field is gone, Captain. M-5 is  neutralised.  I would say his multitronic unit is in approximately the same  condition.  Captain, why did you feel the attacking ships would not fire  when they saw the Enterprise apparently vulnerable? Logically, that is  the sort of trap M-5 should have set.  No, Doctor. I simply maintain that computers are more efficient  than human beings, not better.  I presume your question is meant to offer me a choice between  machines and human beings, and I believe I have already answered that  question.  It would be most interesting to impress your memory engrams on a  computer, Doctor. The resulting torrential flood of illogic would be  most entertaining. [Bridge]
Interesting. No indications of magnetic storms in this sector.  Captain, the Intrepid. It just died. And the four hundred  Vulcans aboard, all dead.  Doctor, I know what I know.  Captain.  Yes, sir.  (McCoy leads him away.)  I assure you, Doctor, I am quite all right. The pain was  momentary. It passed quickly.  I sensed it die.  Doctor, even I, a half-Vulcan, could hear the death scream of  four hundred Vulcan minds crying out over the distance between us.  Call it a deep understanding of the way things happen to  Vulcans, but I know not a person, not even the computers on board the  Intrepid, knew what was killing them or would have understood it had  they known.  I've noticed that about your people, Doctor. You find it easier  to understand the death of one than the death of a million. You speak  about the objective hardness of the Vulcan heart, yet how little room  there seems to be in yours.  It might have rendered your history a bit less bloody. [Bridge] Indications of energy turbulence ahead. Unable to analyse. I've  never encountered readings like this before.  I would assume that.  (In the middle of the viewscreen is a black blob.)  Not very likely, Ensign.  Still not able to analyse, Captain. Sensors are feeding data to  the computers now. Whatever this dark zone is, it lies directly in line  with the course I calculate for the Intrepid and the Gamma Seven-A  system.  I have none, Captain. Insufficient data.  (Chekov is still groaning and Uhura looses her balance.)  Lieutenant.  No analysis due to insufficient information.  I am well aware of that, Captain, but the computers contain  nothing on this phenomenon. It is beyond our experience, and the new  information is not yet significant.  It is not liquid, gaseous, or solid, despite the fact we cannot  see through it.  It is not a galactic nebula such as the Coal Sack, and since our  deflectors were activated by it, it would seem to be some form of  energy, but nothing our sensors can identify.  Very possible.  Captain?  Analysing now, Captain.  (The sound goes.)  Negative, Captain. All systems functioning properly.  Unknown, Captain.  That sound was turbulence caused by the penetration of a  boundary layer, Captain.  Unknown.  Between where we were and where we are.  It would never occur to me, Captain.  We still have no specifics, but we seem to have entered a zone  of energy which is incompatible with our living and mechanical  processes. As we draw closer to the source, it grows stronger and we  grow weaker.  Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Sir, we are accelerating. We are being  pulled toward the centre of the zone of darkness.  Unknown, Captain. I suggest you order Mister Scott to give us  reverse power. [Engineering] In that case, Captain, I would suggest we  apply forward thrust. [Sickbay] It's logical to assume that something within this zone absorbs  all forms of energy whether mechanically or biologically produced.  Whatever it is, it would seem to be the same thing which drew all the  energy out of an entire solar system  and the Intrepid.  I would say not, Captain. The analysis of the zone indicates it  is a negative energy field, however illogical that may sound, but it is  not the source of the power drain.  I submit, Mister Scott, if we do not get out, the shields would  be extraneous. It would only prolong our wait for death by a short  period of time.  Captain, the Intrepid would have done all these things too, and  yet they were destroyed.  True. It is also true they never knew what was killing them.  Their logic would not have permitted them to believe they were being  killed.  Vulcan has not been conquered within its collective memory. The  memory goes back so far that no Vulcan can conceive of a conqueror. I  knew the ship was lost because I sensed it.  The touch of death.  Astonishment. [Engineering] (Scott is working on the upper level)  I cannot say what it is, Captain, but I would say it has found  us.  (The viewscreen is no longer black. It contains a multicoloured image  rather like an abalone.)  Getting very confused readings, Captain, but this is definitely  the source of the energy drain.  Probe will impact in seven point three seconds.  Readings coming in now, Captain. Length, approximately eleven  thousand miles. Width varying from two thousand to three thousand  miles. Outer layer studded with space debris and waste. Interior  consists of protoplasm, varying from a firmer gelatinous layer to a  semi-fluid central mass. Condition, living.  That is what is drawing us toward it, Captain. The same way it  drew the Intrepid to her death. [Laboratory] (There is an image of a single-celled organism on a  screen.)  Energy itself, perhaps, drained from us. I would speculate that  this unknown life form is invading our galaxy like a virus.  The Intrepid must have come across the organism while it was  still low in energy, still hungry. We are not safe, Captain. We merely  have a little more time than the Intrepid did.  I must differ with you, Captain. We have sent unmanned probes  into it. They have given us some information but they have not told us  what we need to know, and we cannot afford the power to take blind  shots at it, hoping to kill it.  The thing evidently has reflexes. The unmanned probe we sent in  must have stung it when it entered. The lurch we felt was the  turbulence of its reaction.  You have a martyr complex, Doctor. I submit that it disqualifies  you.  The Vulcans saw it first and died.  I am more capable.  Which makes you indispensable, Captain. Further, you are not a  science specialist.  We don't have one day, Doctor. We have precisely one hour and  thirty five minutes of power left.  Captain, I  Do not suffer so, Doctor. This is not the  first time superior capability has proven more valuable than  professional credentials.  I am familiar with the equipment, Doctor. We're wasting time.  The shuttlecraft is ready.  This is not a competition, Doctor. Whether you understand it or  not, grant me my own kind of dignity.  Then employ one of your own superstitions. Wish me luck.  (Silence and stares, then McCoy opens the hangar deck door. Spock walks  across and into the Galileo. The doors shut.)  Shuttlecraft to Enterprise.  Power drain is enormous and growing worse. [Bridge] Diverting all secondary power to the shields. (McCoy  enters) I'll continue communications as long as there is power to  transmit.  I heard, Captain. [Shuttlecraft] We discussed that possibility earlier. But  you will need this information.  Slowing now. Contact in eighteen point three seconds. Brace  yourselves. The area of penetration will no doubt be sensitive. Contact  [Bridge] In six seconds.  (Spock is thrown around in the shuttlecraft, everyone on the ship just  feels a jolt.)  I am undamaged, Captain. Relay to Mister Scott I had three  percent power reserve before the shields stabilised. [Shuttlecraft] There was nothing to spare. I shall continue  my tests. Oh, and Doctor McCoy. You would have not survived it. [Bridge] I am moving slowly now, establishing course  toward what appears to be the nucleus. [Bridge] Calculations indicate the shields will last only forty seven  minutes. [Bridge] However, I am able to identify the  chromosome structure. [Shuttlecraft] Changes indicate the organism has stored  sufficient energy for reproductive process to commence. [Bridge] I'm having difficulty maintaining ship control.  I'm losing voice contact I will transmit internal  co-ordinates of chromosome bodies.  This is Spock. [Shuttlecraft] I am slowly losing life support and minimal  shield energies. According to my calculations [Bridge] (Barely audible over static) The  nervous energy of the organism is maximal just within its outer  protective membrane. Relatively insensitive to interior irritation. I  believe sufficient charge of (inaudible) could destroy the organism.  Tell Doctor McCoy he should have wished me luck.  Captain's log stardate 4309.4. We have determined  we can destroy the creature, provided we can do it from inside the  organism.  Spock clearly knew how to destroy it but was unable to transmit that  information.  [Kirk's quarters] Personal log, Commander Spock, USS  Enterprise. I have noted the passage of the Enterprise on its way to  whatever awaits it.  If this record should survive me, I wish it known that I bequeath my  highest commendation and testimonial to the captain,  officers, and crew of the Enterprise. The finest starship in the fleet.  [Bridge] Captain, I recommend you abandon the attempt. [Shuttlecraft] Do not risk the ship further on my behalf. [Bridge] Why, thank you, Captain McCoy. [Bridge] Shuttlecraft to Enterprise. Shuttlecraft to  Enterprise. Request permission to come aboard. [Bridge] Obviously, Captain. And I have some  fascinating data on the organism. [Bridge]
I'm sure there is an answer. It simply has not yet been  discovered.  There is no current volcanic activity on this planet, Captain.  Oh. You mean shot at it.  Fascinating.  (examining a large globe from Vanderberg's desk) Mister  Vanderberg, what is this?  But a geological oddity, to say the least. Pure silicon?  (at the mine map) I've charted the positions of the deaths and  acts of sabotage. Here, here, and here. If the times of these incidents  are to be accepted as accurate, the creature would have to have moved  at an incredible rate of speed.  If we could force another appearance of this creature  I wouldn't touch it, Captain. An extremely active corrosive.  Traces may linger.  The same indication as shown at the door, Captain. A very strong  corrosive.  Nothing for a device this antiquated, Captain.  The missing pump wasn't taken by accident.  It was the one piece of equipment absolutely essential for the  operation of the reactor.  It would seem so.  I don't know. But there is a possibility.  (He goes over to the silicon nodule on the desk.)  Life as we know it is universally based on some combination of  carbon compounds, but what if life exists based on another element?  For instance, silicon.  Certainly not phaser one, which is far less powerful than phaser  two.  It could explain much, especially since the colonists are armed  only with phaser one.  Which I could adjust to be more effective against silicon.  It may be, Doctor, that the creature can exist for brief periods  in such an atmosphere before returning to its own environment.  Yes, Captain. You recall that Vanderberg commented there were  thousands of these at a lower level, the level which the machinery  opened just prior to the first appearance of the creature.  I don't know.  I have already given Doctor McCoy sufficient cause for  amusement. I'd prefer to cogitate the possibilities for a time.  Captain, the security officers have gathered in Chief  Vanderberg's office.  Mister Vanderberg, may I ask at which level you discovered the  nodules of silicon?  Adjusting my tricorder to register for silicon, Captain.  Interesting.  A life form, Captain. Bearing one hundred eleven degrees,  elevation four degrees.  No, sir. Silicon.  He never even had a chance to fire, Captain.  Captain.  KIRK What is it?  This tunnel. My readings indicate it was made within the hour.  Moments ago, in fact.  Positive.  Indeed, Captain. I'm quite at a loss.  (Then they turn to see their adversary, and both fire their phasers at  it. The shaggy creature shuffles off back into another of its nice  circular tunnels and vanishes.)  Disappeared. Astonishing that anything of that bulk could move  so rapidly.  Indeed. This tunnel was cut within the last two minutes.  (Giotto and another security man arrive.)  GIOTTO Are you all right, Captain?  Readings indicate a maze of tunnels of this general category in  that direction.  The closest approximation I could come to would be fibrous  asbestos. A mineral, Captain.  It would seem so. Silicon-based.  We are dealing with a silicon creature of the deep rocks,  capable of moving through solid rock as easily as we move through the  air.  Correct. This creature's body secretes an extremely powerful  corrosive.  And it explains the murdered men.  Or a single phaser with much longer contact.  I've run a complete spherical check on all life forms, radius  one hundred miles. I've located our men, all of them, and I've located  one creature moving rapidly through native rock, bearing two hundred  and one. And that is all.  Exactly. Captain, there are literally thousands of these tunnels  in this general area alone, far too many to be cut by the one creature  in an ordinary lifetime.  Or it is the last of a race of creatures which made these  tunnels. If so, if it is the only survivor of a dead race, to kill it  would be a crime against science.  I see no alternative myself, Captain. It merely seems a pity.  The search team is gathering in the main tunnel.  Gentlemen, if you'll examine your charts, please. I last located  the creature in the area marked adit26 moving in bearing two zero one.  This particular group will move out beyond that area in all directions  in an effort to surround it, and possibly capture it.  You did not, sir. I merely thought that if the opportunity arose    Very well, sir.  II beg your pardon, sir?  Is not needed there, sir. Mister Scott has far more knowledge of  nuclear reactors than I do. You're aware of that.  Captain, there are approximately one hundred of us engaged in  this search, against one creature. The odds against you and I both  being killed are 2,228.7 to 1.  And they are of course accurate, Captain.  That is always my intention, Captain.  (A communicator beeps)  Captain, we are being watched.  No, sir. We're being watched.  (They start to move through the tunnels)  Captain. Fresh readings within the hour in each of these  tunnels.  Should we separate?  Yes, Captain. [Cavern] Indeed? I find that most illuminating, Captain. [Tunnel] Be absolutely certain you do not damage any  of them. [Cavern] Only a theory I have.  (We see something move a roof support, and rocks fall near Kirk.)  [Tunnel] Captain? Are you all right? Jim? Jim! [Cavern] I could phaser you out.  Very well, but I find it extremely  disquieting that your roof chose that particular moment to collapse.  Please proceed with extreme caution. I shall quicken my pace. [Cavern] Captain, I just read some fresh signs. [Cavern] The creature is in this area. I'll take  a lifeform reading.  Where, Captain? [Cavern] Kill it, Captain, quickly. [Cavern] You don't dare take the chance, Captain. [Cavern] Kill it.  Jim, your life is in danger. You can't take  the risk. [Cavern] I remind you it's a proven killer. I'm on  my way. Spock out. [Cavern] Fascinating. It's made no moves against you?  Yes, I see.  Possibly the answer, Captain, but I'm not certain. Captain, you  are aware of the Vulcan technique of the joining of two minds.  It's possible.  I'll try.  (He fastens his phaser to his belt and carefully approaches the worried  creature. Without touching, he concentrates for a moment and then cries  out.)  Pain! Pain! Pain! (he staggers back) That's all I got, Captain.  Waves and waves of searing pain. It's in agony.  (The creature climbs onto a rock ledge and etches letters into it.)  I don't know, Captain. Evidently, it gained an immediate  knowledge of us from its empathy with me. In my brief contact with the  creature's mind, I discovered it is a highly intelligent, extremely  sophisticated animal. In great pain, of course, because of its wound,  but not reacting at all like a wounded creature. It calls itself a  Horta.  Captain, it has no reason to give us the device, and apparently  every reason for wishing us off this planet.  Jim, I remind you that this is a silicon-based form of life.  Doctor McCoy's medical knowledge will be totally useless.  To obtain that kind of communication, Captain, it will be  necessary to touch it.  Murder. Of thousands. Devils! Eternity ends.  The chamber of the ages. The altar of tomorrow! Murderers! Stop them.  Kill!  Strike back! Monsters!  (McCoy runs in)  The end of life. Murderers.  Understood. It is the end of life. Eternity stops. Go out into  the tunnel. To the chamber of the ages. Cry for the children. Walk  carefully in the vault of tomorrow. Sorrow for the murdered children.  The thing you search for is there. Go. Go. Sadness.  Sadness for the end of things. Go into the tunnel. There is a  passageway. Quickly, quickly.  (Kirk heads off down the tunnel the Horta came out of.) [Level twenty three] (channeling the Horta) It is time to sleep. It is over. Failure.  The murderers have won. Death is welcome. Let it end here.  Yes, Captain, eggs and about to hatch.  There have been many generations of Horta on this planet. Every  fifty thousand years, the entire race dies, all but one, like this one,  but the eggs live. She cares for them, protects them. And when they  hatch, she is the mother to them, thousands of them. This creature here  is the mother of her race.  And they are the most inoffensive of creatures. They harbour ill  will towards no one.  Except for one thing. The Horta is badly wounded. It may die.  It seems logical, Captain. The Horta has a very logical mind.  And after close association with humans, I find that curiously  refreshing. [Bridge] Ship ready to leave orbit, Captain. Course  laid in.  Chief Engineer Vanderberg standing by on channel one.  Curious. What Chief Vanderberg said about the Horta is exactly  what the Mother Horta said to me. She found humanoid appearance  revolting, but she thought she could get used to it.  Not specifically, but I did get the distinct impression she  found them the most attractive human characteristic of all. I didn't  have the heart to tell her that only I have  Captain, the Horta is a remarkably intelligent and sensitive  creature, with impeccable taste.  Really, Captain, my modesty  Captain, I see no reason to stand here and be insulted. 
Still no answer from Earth Outpost number two, Captain, and  now number three's gone silent.  Earth Outpost four reports they're under attack. A space  vessel, identity unknown.  Verified, Captain.  Referring to the map on your screens, you will note beyond the  moving position of our vessel, a line of Earth outpost stations.  Constructed on asteroids, they monitor the Neutral Zone established by  treaty after the Earth-Romulan conflict a century ago. [Sickbay] As you may recall from your histories,  this conflict was fought, [Engineering] By our standards today, with primitive  atomic weapons and in primitive space vessels [Bridge] Which allowed no quarter, no captives. Nor  was there even ship-to-ship visual communication. Therefore, no human,  Romulan, or ally has ever seen the other. Earth believes the Romulans  to be warlike, cruel, treacherous, and only the Romulans know what they  think of Earth. The treaty, set by sub-space radio, established this  Neutral Zone, entry into which by either side, would constitute an act  of war. The treaty has been unbroken since that time. Captain.  Outpost two coming into sensor range, Captain.  Sweeping the area of Outpost two. Sensor reading indefinite.  Double-checking Outpost three. I read dust and debris. Both Earth  outposts gone,  and the asteroids they were constructed on, pulverised.  And showing on my sensors, Captain. At least it's still there.  Outpost four disintegrated, Captain.  Disappeared. Interesting how they became visible for just a  moment.  Invisibility is theoretically possible, Captain, with selective  bending of light. But the power cost is enormous.  They may have solved that problem.  Blip has changed its heading. And in a very leisurely manoeuvre.  They may not be aware of us.  His heading is now one eleven mark fourteen. The exact heading a  Romulan would take, Jim, for the Neutral Zone and home.  I have a fix on it, Captain. I believe I can lock on it, get a  picture of their Bridge.  Very well. (runs the tape through his computer)  Steady on one eleven mark fourteen. Back on their original  course, Captain, toward the Neutral Zone.  From the outpost's protective shield. Cast  rodinium. This is the hardest substance known to our science.  (He crushes it with his hand)  Lab theorises an enveloping energy plasma forcing an implosion.  Obviously, their weaponry is superior to ours, and they have a  practical invisibility screen.  Or on what this vessel fails to do, Doctor.  I agree. Attack.  Yes, indeed we do, Mister Stiles. And if Romulans are an  offshoot of my Vulcan blood, and I think this likely, then attack  becomes even more imperative.  It is for them, Doctor. Vulcan, like Earth, had its aggressive  colonising period. Savage, even by Earth standards. And if Romulans  retain this martial philosophy, then weakness is something we dare not  show.  Do you want a galactic war on your conscience?  A comet, magnitude seven, dead ahead, and the intruder changing  course toward it.  Quite ordinary. An ionised mass, a trail of frozen vapour  particles.  It leaves a visible trail.  Intruder now bearing directly for comet's tail.  He's maintaining that bearing, Captain.  We're losing sensor contact, Captain.  It'll take time to correct, sir.  Impossible, Captain.  Phasers operational, Captain. Intruder bearing one eleven mark  fourteen.  He may think we're destroyed, Captain.  Intruder holding steady. Course one eleven mark fourteen.  They did, Doctor.  We're still on our side, Captain.  Motion sensor signal stopped.  Vessel wreckage. Metal moulds, conduit, plastoform and a body,  Captain. However.  Insufficient mass, sir.  Simple debris. Not a vessel, a trick.  Nothing, sir. No motion out there at all. We've lost them,  Captain. Captain's log, Stardate 1709.6. We are at the  Neutral Zone. Have lost contact with the intruder. No reaction on our  motion sensors  but believe the Romulan vessel to be somewhere close by. With all  engines and systems shut down, the Enterprise is also playing the  silent waiting game in hope of regaining contact. [Bridge] (The lights are being dimmed and systems shut down  as they rig for silent running)  Captain, I must make further repairs on the transfer coil. It's  giving out again.  Debris on our scanners.  Same type as before, sir, except, one metal-cased object!  Nuclear device of some kind, sir. Our phasers detonated it less  than one hundred metres away.  Mainly overloads and circuit burnouts.  We have engine power now, Captain, if you'd like to move off and  make repairs.  Damage reports, Mister Stiles?  Will you require assistance here?  Yes, very well, thank you, Captain.  I saved a trained navigator so he could return to duty. I am  capable of no other feelings in such matters. 
Power up. All instruments activated. All readings normal. All  go. [Bridge] Position?  Make up your mind please, Mister Latimer.  Considerably, Mister Boma.  Stop forward momentum, Mister Latimer.  Galileo to Enterprise. Galileo to Enterprise. Come in, please.  Galileo to Enterprise. Galileo to Enterprise. We are out of  control, being pulled directly into the heart of Murasaki three one  two. Being hit by violent radiation on outer hull. Course three point  two five [Bridge] I'd say your evaluation is reasonable, Mister Boma.  Picturesque descriptions will not mend broken circuits, Mister  Scott. I think you'll find your work is cut out for you. Galileo to  Enterprise. Galileo to Enterprise. Come in, please.  I expect nothing, Mister Scott. It is merely logical to try all  the alternatives. Doctor McCoy, a reading on the atmosphere, please.  Just the facts, Doctor.  Thank you for your opinion. It will be duly noted. You're  recording this, Yeoman?  Mister Scott, if you'll make a survey of the damage, please.  Gentlemen, I think we should move outside, make room for Mister  Scott to do his work. Mister Latimer, Mister Gaetano, you'll arm  yourselves and scout out the area, keeping in visual contact with the  ship.  Under present conditions, extremely poor.  If the ionisation effect is as widespread as I believe it is,  Doctor, they'll be searching for us without instrumentation, by visual  contact only. On those terms, this is a very large planet.  Not as long as we're grounded. We may be here for a very long  time, Doctor. [Bridge] (Enterprise is orbiting a sickly green swirled  planet, and Commissioner Ferris is lounging by the door, watching Uhura  working.)  My big chance? For what, Doctor?  I am a logical man, Doctor.  Perhaps, Doctor, but I know of no better way to begin. I realise  command does have its fascinations, even under circumstances such as  these. But I neither enjoy the idea of command, nor am I frightened of  it. It simply exists. And I will do whatever logically needs to be  done.  Excuse me.  (he heads back inside)  [Shuttlecraft] In what way?  The weight of three grown men.  Doctor McCoy, with very few exceptions we use virtually every  piece of equipment aboard this craft in attaining orbit. There's very  little excess weight, except among the passengers.  Unless the situation changes radically, yes.  As commanding officer, the choice will be mine.  A very quaint idea, Mister Boma, but I do believe I'm better  qualified to make the selection than any random drawing of lots.  My choice will be a logical one, arrived at through logical  means.  But attaining a desired goal always is, Doctor. Now gentlemen, I  suggest we move outside to make a further examination of the hull in  the event we've overlooked any minor damage.  (Spock leaves)  Come on, Boma. [Bottom of the ledge] (Gaetano fires his phaser at several different  enemies. The spear in Latimer's back is taller than a man)  What was it?  (returns from investigating) Nothing there.  I don't doubt your word.  (pulling the bloody spear from Latimer's body and examining it)  Folsom Point.  There's a remarkable resemblance to the Folsom Point discovered  in 1925, old world calendar, New Mexico, North America. A bit more  crude about the shaft, I believe. Not very efficient.  Am I in error, Mister Boma?  Then what, Mister Boma?  My concern for the dead will not bring him back to life, Mister  Boma.  Bringing him back to the ship should not interfere with our  repair efforts. If you need assistance, I  Perhaps if you were to channel the second  auxiliary tank through the primary intake valve.  Excellent, Doctor.  Which would still leave us at least one hundred and fifty pounds  overweight.  It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six, Doctor.  You might be wise to start.  For what?  Mister Boma, we're working against time.  Doctor, perhaps you know the correct words for such an occasion.    My place is here. If you please, Doctor.  By dealing with first things first, I hope to increase our  chances of staying alive. Well, Mister Scott.  What happened?  That would seem to solve the problem of who to leave behind.  Consider the alternatives, Mister Scott.  Mister Scott, there are always alternatives.  Wood rubbing on some kind of leather.  Not a tribal culture. Their artefacts are too primitive. More  likely a loose association of some sort.  How, Mister Boma?  I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for  life.  Mister Boma?  Doctor McCoy?  It does, indeed. It seems logical to me, also. But to take life  indiscriminately,  I am not interested in the opinion of the majority, Mister  Gaetano. Components must be weighed. Our danger to ourselves as well as  our duties to other life forms, friendly or not. There's a third  course.  I think not. Doctor McCoy.  You and Yeoman Mears return to the ship. Assist Mister Scott in  any way possible. We'll be back shortly.  Gentlemen, you'll follow my orders to the letter, firing only  when so instructed, and at my designated targets.  We'll fire to frighten, Mister Gaetano, not to kill.  I am in command, Mister Gaetano. The orders and the  responsibility will be mine. Follow me. [Rocks] (The trio are paddling through dry ice when a giant  spear is thrown across their path. Spock fires at one assailant, who  throws his shield at them too. They move on a little way.)  I hear them. They're directly ahead of us. Several, I believe.  Direct your phasers to two o'clock and to ten o'clock.  Yes, I know. But fortunately, I'm giving the orders. Take aim  please, and fire when I give a signal.  (He climbs partway up a rock, for a better view.)  Fire. (several seconds of sustained phaser beam) Cease fire.  (It's gone quiet) They should think twice before bothering us again.  It was not necessary. Fear will do for us what needs to be done.  Mister Boma, you will return with me to the Galileo. Mister Gaetano,  you remain on guard here. Keep in contact with the ship.  (Boma says a silent goodbye to his colleague, and the noise starts up  again)  [Shuttlecraft] Yes, we found them. They won't bother us again.  Go, Mister Scott.  That's all very well, but we don't have a substitute supply.  They would also seem to be our only hope.  (after brief thought) Yeoman, your phaser.  They won't attack for at least several hours. By then, with  luck, we'll be gone.  We don't have to maintain it very long, Mister Scott. In less  than twenty four hours, the Enterprise will be forced to abandon its  search in order to make a rendezvous. If we can't maintain orbit after  that time, it won't make any difference. If we burn up in a decaying  orbit or die here on the planet's surface, we shall surely die. Doctor,  your phaser. Go to work, Mister Scott.  Take this back to Mister Scott for conversion, please Doctor.  (handing over his own phaser) And give this to Mister Scott in  the event I don't return.  I have a certain scientific curiosity about what's become of  Mister Gaetano. Return to the ship, please.  (Spock leaves)  Most illogical reaction. We demonstrated our superior weapons.  They should have fled.  Of course.  Doctor, I am not responsible for their unpredictability.  They're studying us, for the moment.  My opinion, Mister Boma.  (The shuttlecraft shakes as one of the locals starts battering it with  a rock)  Seal the windows!  Mister Boma, your tone is increasingly hostile.  Curious. Most illogical.  Strange. Step by step, I have made the correct and logical  decisions. And yet two men have died.  I do seem to have miscalculated regarding them, and inculcated  resentment on your parts. The sum of the parts cannot be greater than  the whole.  MCCOY A little less analysis and more action. That's what we need,  Mister Spock.  How much longer, Mister Scott?  Mister Scott, how much power do we have left  in the ship's batteries?  Will they electrify the exterior of this ship?  Get to the centre of the ship. Don't touch the plates. Be sure  you're insulated. Stand by. Are you ready, Scott?  All right. Go. (Scott uses a spanner or something to short out  the battery connections) Again! Again!  (It goes quiet and still outside)  I believe we've used enough. Mister Scott. I suggest you  continue draining the phasers.  For the moment.  The moment they discover they're not seriously hurt, they'll be  back. Meanwhile, please check the aft compartment. See if there's  anything you can unload to lighten the ship.  It will of course have to be left behind.  I wouldn't recommend it. The creatures won't be far away.  It would expose members of this crew to unnecessary peril.  Gentlemen. All right, Mister Boma, you'll have your burial,  provided the creatures will permit it. [Bridge] How about weight?  And how long can we hold it?  To land here again? Not a very attractive possibility.  Doctor McCoy. Mister Boma. When can we lift off, Scott?  Gentlemen, The ship will lift off in exactly ten minutes. You  have that long to bury Mister Gaetano. Now, it appears to be clear  outside, at least for the moment. I'll assist you. Hurry. [Bridge] Get into the ship! Immediate lift off!  (He throws a spear back, then gets pinned against a rock outcrop by a  thrown boulder)  No! Go back! Lift off! Go back! No!  (But Boma and McCoy ignore his orders and free him)  All right, All right! Go! Go! Go! Go!  (They all get safely into the shuttlecraft)  Go, Scott!  I told you to lift off!  Get us off, Scott!  Quite right, Mister Scott. There's somebody holding us down. All  systems are go, but we're not moving.  (Throws switches on the pilot's panel)  Our boosters.  Would you rather stay here?  May I remind you we have yet to achieve orbit, nor can we  maintain it long. An hour from now we may be right back where we  started from.  (The Galileo leaves the sickly yellow and green atmosphere of the  planet)  Gentlemen, by coming after me, you may well have destroyed what  slim chance you had for survival. The logical thing for you to have  done was to have left me behind.  That is a most illogical attitude. Orbit in one minute, Mister  Scott. Fuel status?  It is the usual end of a decaying orbit.  Infinitely preferable to the kind of death we'd be granted on  the planet's surface, I should think.  Did l? I may have been mistaken.  The Enterprise is surely on course for Makus Three by now. I for  one do not believe in angels.  Yes. My first command.  Galileo to Enterprise. Galileo to Enterprise, come in, please.  Galileo to Enterprise. Come in, please.  (He ponders for a moment, then flicks the Fuel Jettison button)  Perhaps, Mister Boma.  No one out there to see it.  (The plume of flame fades out)  Totally illogical. There was no chance.  Captain.  Quite correct, Captain.  Quite simply, Captain. I examined the problem from all angles,  and it was plainly hopeless. Logic informed me that under the  circumstances, the only possible action would have to be one of  desperation. Logical decision, logically arrived at.  Well, I wouldn't put it in exactly those terms, Captain, but  those are essentially the facts.  No, sir.  Yes, sir.  <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Definitely a space vessel of some type.  Unknown. It could hardly be an Earth ship. There have been no  flights into this sector for years.  I fail to understand why it always gives you pleasure to see me  proven wrong.  Much older. DY-100 class, to be exact. Captain, the last such  vessel was built centuries ago, back in the 1990s.  Or an old Earth ship being used by aliens.  Sensor reading, Captain. Some sort of equipment functioning on  that vessel.  Hull surface is pitted with meteor scars. However, scanners make  out a name. SS Botany Bay.  No such vessel listed. Records of that period are fragmentary,  however. The mid=1990s was the era of your last so-called World War.  Of course. Your attempt to improve the race through selective  breeding.  Lieutenant McGivers. [McGiver's quarters] (Lt McGivers is just about to settle down to some  painting, when)  Attention. The following personnel report to transporter  room. Engineering Officer Scott, Lieutenant McGivers. Acknowledge.  A strange, violent period in your history. I find no record what  so ever of an SS Botany Bay. Captain, the DY-100 class vessel was  designed for interplanetary travel only. With simple nuclear-powered  engines, star travel was considered impractical at that time. It was  ten thousand to one against their making it to another star system.  And why no record of the trip?  If you're suggesting this was a penal deportation vessel, you've  arrived at a totally illogical conclusion.  Your Earth was on the verge of a dark ages. Whole populations  were being bombed out of existence. A group of criminals could have  been dealt with far more efficiently than wasting one of their most  advanced spaceships.  Even a theory requires some facts, Captain. So far I have none.  Irritation?  I am not capable of that emotion.  Insufficient facts always invites danger, Captain.  Aye, sir. [Sickbay - medical ward] (At Khan's bedside)  I note he's making considerable use of our technical library.  There is that possibility, Captain. His age would be correct. In  1993, a group of these young supermen did seize power simultaneously in  over forty nations.  Because the scientists overlooked one fact. Superior ability  breeds superior ambition.  I have collected some names and made some counts. By my  estimate, there were some eighty or ninety of these young supermen  unaccounted for when they were finally defeated.  Would you reveal to war-weary populations that some eighty  Napoleons might still be alive? [Sickbay - medical ward] (Khan is lounging, showing off his chest and  calves.)  And how you managed to keep it out of the history books.  There was the war to end tyranny. Many considered that a noble  effort.  Unify, sir? Like a team of animals under one whip?  Under dozens of petty dictatorships.  Then your sympathies were with  From 1992 through 1996, absolute ruler of more than a quarter of  your world. From Asia through the Middle East.  Gentlemen, this romanticism about a ruthless dictator is  And as little freedom.  Gentlemen.  Illogical.  Turbo elevators inoperative. Jammed, Captain.  (Kirk rushes to a panel on the far bulkhead and pushes buttons.)  Useless. They're on override in Engineering.  Impossible. Intruder control systems inoperative. Mister Khan  was very thorough in his study of our tech manuals.  Brilliant. Every contingency anticipated.  Surprised to see you, Captain, though pleased.  Khan is holding our staff in the briefing room. His men have  control of the ship.  There's a relay junction down the corridor.  Anesthesia gas in all sections except Engineering. Someone  just closed that line. [Engineering] (Khan is working controls and listening to the  intercom messages.)  Captain, acknowledge. Unable to flood Engineering section.  I suspect  Negative. We must retake the vessel while the anesthesia  lasts. Meet me in the Armoury. I'm blowing it clear first. Spock out.  (Kirk dashes into Engineering and straight into Khan, who easily  disarms him then crushes the phaser. Then an alarm beeps.)  Quite correct, Captain. Planet number five there is habitable,  although a bit savage, somewhat inhospitable.  It would be interesting, Captain, to return to that world in a  hundred years and to learn what crop has sprung from the seed you  planted today. 
Gravimetric readings, no significant change, zero space density.    The precise meaning of the word desert is a waterless, barren  wasteland. I fail to understand your romantic nostalgia for such a  place.  Thank you, Doctor McCoy. Moving on schedule into quadrant nine  oh four. Beta Six is eight days distant.  Unusual, Captain. I'm now getting a sizable space-displacement  reading.  Inconceivable this body has gone unnoted on all our records.  Emergency! Full reverse power!  Ship's log Stardate 2124.5. First Officer Spock  reporting for Captain James Kirk. We are orbiting the lone unrecorded  planet in the star desert. For four hours, we have made every possible  instrument sweep, but Captain Kirk and Helmsman Sulu remain unaccounted  for. I have placed the ship on red alert.  [Bridge] (Enterprise is now orbiting a red planet with white  whispy clouds)  Function is normal. Continuous sensor sweeps. Lieutenant Uhura,  have you checked all wave bands?  The decision will be mine, Doctor. I have the responsibility for  your safety. (to Sulu's replacement) Mister Jaeger, describe your  geophysical findings for the surface below.  Estimate survival time of two unprotected individuals down  there.  Greetings and felicitations. Hmm. Send this, Lieutenant. USS  Enterprise to signaler on planet surface. Identify self.  (The reply comes up on the monitor)  Hip hip hoorah? And I believe it's pronounced tally ho.  I'll entertain any theories, Mister DeSalle. Any at all.  You're quite correct, Doctor. Prepare transporter room.  No, Mister Scott. Neither you nor I can be spared here. Mister  DeSalle, equip the landing party with full communications, armament,  and life-support gear. Mister Jaeger, your geophysical knowledge may be  crucial down there. Doctor McCoy will accompany. If those peculiar  signals are coming from Captain Kirk or Lieutenant Sulu, their  rationality is in question. Dismissed. [Transporter room] Very good. Transmit coordinates to Mister Scott. Once on the  planet's surface, you'll establish contact with us immediately. Use the  laser beacon if necessary. Ready, Scott?  Activate. [Planet surface] (The landing party arrive on grass, amidst trees  and shrubs. Jaeger starts scanning immediately.)  I don't, Mister Scott. It simply exists. Artificial perhaps, or  a freak of nature. The fact remains that life can exist in that area.  Apply a fine tuning on our sensors. Locate any life forms in  that stable area.  Affirmative. But if the Captain is down there and alive, that's  where he'll have to be. We'll attempt to transport up any living beings  our sensors detect.  Or stand by and do nothing, Mister Scott. [Drawing Room] (Trelane is showing off his decor)  And this, of course, is an array of your battle flags and pennants  dating back to the Crusades, to Hannibal's invaders, the Grecian war  galleys, and the hordes of Persia. Can't you imagine it, Captain? The  thousands of men marching off to their deaths, singing beneath these  banners. Doesn't it make your blood run swiftly?  (Then he goes back to his music)  They didn't, Captain. Not clearly. We merely beamed up all life  forms in a given area.  I am Spock.  My father is from the planet Vulcan.  Not generally. But there have been exceptions.  Affirmative.  I object to you. I object to intellect without discipline. I  object to power without constructive purpose.  It may be unappetizing, Doctor, but it is very logical.  Fascinating is a word I use for the unexpected. In this case, I  should think interesting would suffice.  That his food has no taste, his wine no flavour? No. It simply  means that Trelane knows all of the Earth forms, but none of the  substance.  Evidently.  Is it ego, or something else?  The mirror.  You noted yourself he never gets very far from it. I suppose it  could be vanity.  A machine with the ability to turn energy into matter guided by  thought waves. It would have a very complex memory bank, and would be  extremely sophisticated.  KIRK; Like a computer, only much more. Could the machine that maintains  the environment in this immediate area be kept in this house?  I think not. A device capable of keeping out this planet's  natural atmosphere would be immense.  Free, Captain?  Captain.  (Trelane takes aim, then fires his pistol at the ceiling instead)  The machine.  Can we know his range is, Captain?  Collision course.  That was the planet Gothos, Captain.  Gothos again, Captain.  Cat and mouse game.  Or it toward us.  Captain, we're receiving you.  Captain.  For the record, how do we describe him? Pure mentality? Force of  intellect? Embodied energy? Superbeing? He must be classified, sir.  I hardly find that fitting.  It will make a strange entry in the library banks.  Mischievous pranks, Captain?  I shall be delighted, Captain. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Your move, Captain.  I'll have you checkmated your next move.  Irritating? Ah, yes. One of your Earth emotions.  The fact one of my ancestors married a human female  Not large enough even for a lifeboat.  KELSO [on monitor] Small enough to bring it aboard, sir, if you want to  risk it.  More like destroyed the ship in this case. Look at it. Burnt,  pitted.  He played most illogically. His next move should have been the  rook. [Bridge] The tapes are burnt out. Trying the memory banks.  Getting something from the recorder now.  Decoding memory banks. I'll try to interpolate. The Valiant had  encountered a magnetic space storm and was being swept in this  direction.  Swept past this point, about a half light year out of the  galaxy, they were thrown clear, turned, and headed back into the galaxy  here. I'm not getting it all. The tapes are pretty badly burned. Sounds  like the ship had encountered some unknown force. Now, orders, counter  orders, repeated urgent requests for information from the ship's  computer records for anything concerning ESP in human beings.  Severe damage. Seven crewmen dead. No, make that six. One  crewman seemed to have recovered. That's when they became interested in  extrasensory perception. More than interested, almost frantic about it.  No, this must be garbled. I get something about destruct. I must have  read it wrong. It sounded like the captain giving an order to destroy  his own ship.  Force field of some kind.  Sensor beam on.  Deflectors full intensity.  Deflectors say there's something there, sensors say there isn't.  Density negative. Radiation negative. Energy negative.  Negative!  Damage control reports, all stations!  Main engines are out, sir. We're on emergency power cells.  Casualties, nine dead.  I think we've found that answer, Doctor.  Before the Valiant was destroyed, its captain was frantically  searching for ESP information on his crew.  Are there not also those who seem to see through solid objects,  cause fires to start spontaneously?  Doctor Dehner is speaking of normal ESP power.  He's reading even faster now than just a few  moments ago. Is that Gary Mitchell, the one you used to know?  Our subject is not Gary Mitchell. Our concern is, rather, what  he is mutating into.  Have you noted evidence of unusual powers?  And on my monitor screen I could see Mitchell smiling each time  it happened, as if this ship and crew were almost a toy for his  amusement.  In less time than that, he will have attained powers we can't  understand and can't cope with. Soon we'll be not only useless to him,  but actually an annoyance.  We'll never reach an Earth base with him aboard, Jim. You heard  the mathematics of it. In a month he'll have as much in common with us  as we'd have with a ship full of white mice.  Recommendation one. There's a planet a few light days away from  here. Delta Vega. It has a lithium cracking station. We may be able to  adapt some of its power packs to our engines.  It is the only possible way to get Mitchell off this ship.  Then you have one other choice. Kill Mitchell while you still  can.  It is your only other choice, assuming you make it while you  still have time.  The captain of the Valiant probably felt the same way, and he  waited too long to make his decision. I think we've both guessed that.  He's regaining consciousness.  [Delta Vega Brig] Fighting the force field drained his strength, for a while at  least. He could be handled now.  He tried to get through the force field again. His eyes changed  back faster. He didn't become as weak.  Because she feels. I don't. All I know is logic. In my opinion  we'll be lucky if we can repair this ship and get away in time.  If he should try to stop us  I felt for him, too. 
Acknowledged, Captain.  Spock here. [Transporter room] I presume you mean they vanished in a manner  not consistent with the usual workings of the transporter, Mister  Scott. [Transporter room] Have you reversed controls? [Transporter room] Power surge? [Transporter room] Recheck your equipment, Mister Scott. I'll  scan for them on the planet's surface. Spock out. [Combat area] I'm beginning to believe that, Mister Scott. I've conducted two  sweeps of the planet's surface. There is no sign of life.  No, Doctor. Even that would show up on our sensors.  The only answers are negative. No magnetic storms, no ionic  interference, no breakdown in your equipment.  We shall continue sensor scans, Doctor. At the moment, that is  all we can do, except hope for a rational explanation.  True, Doctor. Constant exposure does result in a certain degree  of contamination.  [Accommodation block] (A curved corridor, with doors off on either side.  The doors have iron bars in the upper half.)  They are not within the confines of this  solar system.  I have never heard of a study being done, but it would be a  fascinating project.  Precisely.  No. I would say approximately four hundred  I would welcome a suggestion, Doctor, even an emotional one, as  to where to look.  Captain's log, stardate 3259.2. First  Officer Spock in command. The Captain, Lieutenant Uhura, and Ensign  Chekov have been missing for nearly two hours. Computer probability  projections are useless due to insufficient data.  Interesting. It seems to be an ionisation trail.  Exactly the question I have just fed to the computers, Doctor.  And the answer is, nothing known to us would account for it.  Plot a follow course, Ensign Haines.  Doctor, I am chasing the Captain, Lieutenant Uhura, and Ensign  Chekov, not some wild aquatic fowl. This is the only lead we've had.  Initiate. Warp factor two. [Chekov's cell] (The robust woman in pink brings him his tray. She  smiles at him.)  Projecting back along the path of ionisation, the nearest system  is M two four alpha.  Eleven point six three zero.  I'm suggesting nothing, Doctor. I am merely pursuing the only  logical course available to us.  [Training area] (The three are learning how to fight with the long  poles with the curved hook on one end and grapple on the other. Galt  enters with another thrall, his hands tied behind him.)  We searched the area.  Such as a failure in the transporter mechanism?  There was no sign of them in the area of Gamma Two.  In that case, Doctor, we have nothing to lose by pursuing our  present course.  [Ruins] (Shahna has taken Kirk for a run.)  Mister Scott, can we manage anything faster  than warp six?  Doctor, I do not respond to hunches. No transporter malfunction  was responsible for the disappearance. They were not within the Gamma  system. A focused beam of extremely high-intensity light was directed  into the Gamma system from the trinary system we are now approaching.  No known natural phenomena could have caused that beam. Does that  clarify the situation?  I see. (pause) Gentlemen, I am in command of this vessel, and we  shall continue on our present course. (conspiratorial whisper) Unless  it is your intention to declare a mutiny.  Agreed. Mister Scott, could you manage warp seven?  Ensign, warp seven. [Kirk's cell] (Shahna brings a nourishment tray.)  Sensors indicate only one concentration of life forms on the  planet, on the lower hemisphere. Humanoid readings.  There will be no landing force, Doctor. Assuming the captain and  the others are still alive, it would be unwise to endanger them by  beaming down a large contingent.  Interesting. No power source. It may be shielded.  I shall beam down, Doctor. If I am unable to communicate, a  landing party may be necessary.  Daniel, as I recall, had only his faith. But I welcome your  company, Doctor. Mister Scott, you'll be in command.  Fascinating. 
Captain. Tricorder picking up very faint life readings.  Approximately seven hundred metres from here. Help will have to be  immediate.  (Janice grabs Kirk's arms. She makes a noise)  Captain, that will delay our work at Beta Aurigae. It means  reversing course.  May I point out that Starbase Two is on the direct route to our  destination.  If the diagnosis of Doctor Lester's illness is the critical  problem, then the Benecia Colony is definitely not the place for her.  Their medical facilities are the most primitive.  Starbase Two is fully equipped and staffed with the necessary  specialists to determine exactly what is wrong with the doctor. Is that  not crucial to your decision?  At maximum speed, Starbase Two would still meet the emergency.  Sir, I believe Starfleet will have to be notified that our  rendezvous with the starship Potemkin will not take place as scheduled.    Since the captain usually deals with Starfleet in these matters,  I assumed that my suggestions might be deemed interference.  Good. Knowledge of the captain's aberrant behaviour is spreading  through the ship. The crew is becoming increasingly tense.  I'm afraid that is a forlorn hope, Doctor. The illness appears  to be primarily mental.  Perhaps the Surgeon General's office should be alerted.  Are you sure that the captain will comply with your order in his  present state of mind?  Doctor, we are treading on very thin ground. Actions such as  these might be misinterpreted.  Whatever happened to the captain on that planet must've taken  place in the short space of time that he was alone with Doctor Lester.  Perhaps a conversation with her might shed some light.  How is the doctor?  Good. I have questions to ask her.  Why should he? They are my questions, therefore I am ordering  it, Lieutenant.  Has such an order ever included his senior officers?  By all means, Lieutenant. [Exam room] (Shirt off, Kirk is doing the heart rate exercise)  Complete life-entity transfer with the aid  of a mechanical device?  To my knowledge, such total transfer has never been accomplished  with complete success anywhere in the galaxy.  That is your claim. As yet, it is unsubstantiated by any  external evidence or objective tests.  At this moment Doctor McCoy is examining the  captain for psychological changes. If any facts are uncovered, that  would be acceptable evidence. The only kind which is acceptable to  Starfleet Command and to the crew of the Enterprise.  That is true. The captain did not. However, those events have  been recorded. They could have become known to you.  I believe you. However, my belief is not acceptable evidence.  Evidence must be factual. Doctor McCoy may be of help. Come with me.  He is not the captain.  Certainly, Lieutenant. We all must do our duty.  (Spock walks past him and feints a neck pinch. It is parried so he gets  him with the other hand)  It's quite all right, Ensign. Everything is  under control.  (Neck-pinches him as McCoy and Kirk arrive. Then two more security come  out of the turbolift)  A repetition of your physical violence is not called for, sir.  No physical resistance will be offered.  I have stated my evidence. Telepathic communication with the  mind of Captain James T. Kirk.  You've had great deal of evidence, except that of the chief  witness. The one who should be the real subject of this investigation  is kept locked away and in isolation. Why, Captain?  She is dangerous only to your authority, sir.  The witness, sir. Bring on the witness. Let your officers put  the questions.  I know them now.  I am disappointed and deeply concerned that there is no  objective evidence to support my position. So far.  (Lemli enters with Janice and Coleman)  Sir, there is only one issue here. Is the story of life-entity  transfer believable? This crew has been to many places in the galaxy.  They've been witness to many strange events. They are trained to know  that what seems to be impossible often is possible, given the  scientific analysis of the phenomenon.  Not precisely, no.  I expect only to reveal the truth.  And what will become of Doctor Lester?  No, sir. I shall not withdraw a single charge that I have made.  You are not Captain Kirk. You have ruthlessly appropriated his body,  but the life entity within you is not that of Captain Kirk. You do not  belong in charge of the Enterprise and I shall do everything in my  power against you.  You do not belong in charge of the Enterprise and I shall  do everything in my power against you.  I do. And I stand by it.  Yes, sir. An immediate vote before our chief witness can be left  to die on some obscure planet with the truth locked away inside of her.    Perhaps you were.  To accomplish that, each one of us must be ready to seize any  opportunity to break out of here and attack. [Medical lab] May I point out, Captain  (Janice struggles with Coleman)  I'm sure we all understand that, Captain. 
That is exactly what it is, Mister Chekov.  Captain, there is one living creature aboard. Humanoid. He is  either injured or ill. His craft shows internal atmospheric leakage.  The creature may be suffocating.  You are certain, Doctor, that this pigmentation is the natural  condition of this individual?  Negative, Captain.  There is no theory, Captain, from the basic work of Mendel to  recent nucleotide studies, which would explain our captive. All  gradations of colour from black to brown, to yellow to white are  genetically predictable. We must therefore conclude that this alien is  that often unaccountable rarity, a mutation, one of a kind.  Yet you are pumping him full of your noxious potions as if he  were a human.  With your permission, Captain, I shall do some further research  and join you on the bridge.  )Spock leaves.)  Negative, Captain.  There is a vessel out there, Captain.  Negative. This would not be a Romulan vessel. It is totally  alien in configuration. Motive power unknown. Small size of the craft  indicates a rapid scout vessel, one or two-man crew.  Nothing identifiable. The craft appears to be built for speed  rather than combat.  None. Completely elusive. In fact, it's invisible.  There is no sensor failure. The readings persist.  It just disintegrated. Fascinating.  It is gone now, Captain, but it seems to have deposited an alien  presence.  A most unique craft. Pity it couldn't be salvaged for our study.    Elusive, Captain. I am investigating.  Confirmed, Captain. Holding pattern. Co-ordinates now indicate  we are charting course to (pause) Captain, Cheron lies between four oh  three mark seven and mark nine.  (Bele enters)  Captain, course is now clearly straight for Cheron, despite all  efforts to direct us to Ariannus.  This is Commander Spock, science officer. Destruct sequence  number two, code one, one A, two B.  Negative, Captain. We are still headed directly for Cheron.  Negative, Captain. The Enterprise is now moving in a circular  course.  Enterprise is now on course to Ariannus, Captain.  Fascinating. Two irrevocably hostile humanoids.  That description is not scientifically accurate.  Commissioner, Starfleet Command may not arrive at the solution  you anticipate. There is the matter of the shuttlecraft which Lokai  appropriated. The interrogation of that matter may be of paramount  importance to Starfleet.  We do not know that Lokai has done that.  The obvious visual evidence, Commissioner, is that he is of the  same breed as yourself.  Commissioner, perhaps the experience of my own planet Vulcan may  set an example of some value to you. Vulcan was in danger of being  destroyed by the same conditions and characteristics which threaten to  destroy Cheron. We were once a people like yourselves, wildly  emotional, often committed to irrationally opposing points of view,  leading, of course, to death and destruction. Only the discipline of  logic saved my planet from extinction.  Change is the essential process of all existence. For instance,  the people of Cheron must have once been mono-coloured.  The actual theory is that all life-forms evolved from the lower  levels to the more advanced stages.  [Bridge] Trouble, Mister Chekov?  Captain, some of the memory banks of the computer are burned  out.  I doubt that the same can be said for many of his followers.  Captain, we are within scanning range of Cheron.  Coming within visual range now, Captain.  Several large cities, uninhabited. Extensive traffic systems,  barren of traffic. Lower animal sand vegetation encroaching on the  cities. No sapient life-forms registering at all, Captain. There is no  evidence of natural disaster, yet there are vast numbers of unburied  corpses in all cities.  All dead, Captain. They have annihilated each other totally.  None at all, sir.  Where can he go?  (Bele leaves)  Captain, I have located them on ship's sensors. Bele is chasing  Lokai on deck three. Bele is passing recreation room three, approaching  the crewmen's lounge. Lokai is running past the crewmen's lounge. Lokai  has just arrived on deck five. Passing recreation room three.  (Lokai beams himself away)  Negative, Captain. Transporter room is clear. However, there is  a life-form materialising on the planet. It is Lokai. He is back on  Cheron.  It is Bele, Captain. And another life-form has appeared on  Cheron.  To expect sense from two mentalities of such extreme viewpoints  is not logical.  Not to Lokai and Bele. All that matters to them is their hate. 
Captain, we are registering very curious readings from all  sensors.  I cannot. According to our instruments, space itself is  literally breaking up. There is no known phenomenon which would account  for these readings.  Negative. I have run a complete check on all systems.  Fascinating.  There is virtually no sensor contact. No mass analysis. No trace  of radiation. We see it, but our sensors indicate it is not there.  (As they close in, the bright fuzzy thing on the screen becomes  recognizable.)  Absolutely no record of such an occurrence, Ensign.  The ship is still functioning, Captain. It is logical to assume  the mutineers are somewhere aboard.  Captain, there is no sign of life aboard this vessel.  Captain, the Defiant's sensors correspond  with an extremely high degree of correlation to those of the  Enterprise.  Affirmative.  Request permission to remain, Captain. I could be completing the  data.  Captain, there is a chance  Energise.  (Nothing happens. Chekov switches on the wall monitor.)  Negative.  Compute the next period of spatial interphase.  We must try, Mister Scott. The fabric of space is very weak  here. If we disturb it, there will be no chance of retrieving the  Captain alive.  Well, picture it this way, Mister Chekov. We exist in a universe  which co-exists with a multitude of others in the same physical space.  At certain brief periods of time, an area of their space overlaps an  area of ours. That is a time of interphase, during which we can connect  with the Defiant's universe.  Yes. However, the dimensional structure of each universe is  totally dissimilar. Any use of power disturbs it. If we are not  extremely careful, we shall lose the Captain and become trapped  ourselves.  Chekov! Chekov!  (Spock neck-pinches him into silence.)  Security guards to the Bridge.  I was attempting to explain to Mister Chekov the nature of our  problems in this situation when he attacked.  Lieutenant Uhura is correct. There was murderous fury in Chekov.  The same fury which was evident in the Defiant.  Is there anything you need to isolate the cause?  If we are to recover the Captain, we must not move.  Approximately two hours before the attempt can be made.  The Captain was caught in our transporter beam when the Defiant  phased out. It is possible he was spared the shock of transition and  survived. However, if we are to recover him, we must catch him at the  precise moment during the next interphase, or he will die. And there  can be no margin for error. His environmental unit can provide  breathable air for no more than three point six two hours.  Status, Mister Sulu.  Lieutenant Uhura, signal Red Alert.  Transfer to main viewer.  Spock, in command of the Federation star ship Enterprise.  Commander, according to the Federation, this area is free space.  We are not interested in your display of force. The Enterprise  is responding to a distress signal from one of our ships and is  currently engaged in rescue operations. Do you wish to assist us?  The other ship is interspatially trapped. It should reappear in  one hour and fifty three minutes. We request you stand by until then.  Bridge to transporter room. [Transporter room] Ready for interphase in twenty seconds. [Medical Lab] (Chapel turns to see the lab assistant about to  strike McCoy with a metal bar.)  Lock on to Captain Kirk's co-ordinates [Transporter room] And prepare to bring him aboard, Mister  Scott.  (The transporter activates, but nothing happens.)  Bring him aboard, Mister Scott.  Well, keep trying, Mister Scott. [Bridge] Lieutenant Sulu, evaluation.  It's possible the Tholian entry into the area has disturbed the  space, and if that has occurred  Spock here. [Medical lab] Negative, Doctor.  Theoretically it already has happened,  Doctor. [Medical lab] However, the ship's sensors are not  responding as predicted.  I did, Doctor. The space was disturbed by  the Tholians. [Medical lab] Not at this interphase. [Bridge] I shall have to recalculate to determine  when the next interphase will occur. They do not take place at regular  intervals. [Medical lab] I have confidence that you will soon isolate the cause, Doctor,  and prevent further spread of the affliction. [Medical lab] The renowned Tholian punctuality.  Engineering, hold power steady and cut off all unnecessary  expenditures. Mister Sulu, divert all but emergency maintenance power  to the shields.  Spock here.  Understood. Lieutenant Uhura, open a channel to the Tholian  ship. Mister Sulu, lock in phaser tracking controls.  Ready, Mister Sulu?  Fire.  Engineering, status report. Mister Scott?  Can you estimate minimum time required for repair? [Engineering] The decision to fight was logical. Lack of time prevented any  other course of action. The Tholian ship had to be disabled.  Doctor, I hardly believe this is the time for comparisons.  Please go to your laboratory and search for an antidote to the effects  of this space. That is your primary task, since we must remain here.  (McCoy leaves.)  Fascinating.  Negative. Lieutenant Uhura, can you open a channel to the  approaching vessel?  Distance, Mister Sulu.  Mister Sulu, I shall run an analysis on those filaments. Tie in  all sensors to the ship's library computer console.  Switch scanners.  There's no analogy to this structure in Federation technology.  It is, however, an energy field, and if the Tholians are successful in  completing this structure before we have completed our repairs, we  shall not see home again.  (Now the Tholians are adding diagonal lines to the web.) [Assembly room] (Spock stands on a raised platform, behind a  lectern. Crew and officers are filing in.)  Doctor, your last report on an antidote on the effects of this  space was negative.  The urgency requires your personal attention in the laboratory.  A few hours ago, the Captain elected to remain on board the  Defiant so that three members of this crew would have the best chance  of returning safely to the Enterprise. His concern was not only for  them, but for all the members of the crew of this ship. You all know  the sequence of events. We were fired upon by the Tholian ship. At that  time, Captain Kirk may have been alive. I deemed it necessary to return  the Tholian fire for the safety of the Enterprise. The Tholian ship has  been disabled. But as a result of the battle, we must accept the fact  that Captain Kirk is no longer alive.  (A crewman goes berserk and is carried out by three security men.)  I shall not attempt to voice the quality of respect and  admiration which Captain Kirk commanded. Each of you must evaluate the  loss in the privacy of your own thoughts.  It can wait, Doctor. My duties require my immediate presence on  the bridge.  It will wait for a more suitable moment, Doctor.  The mental and physical state of this crew are your  responsibility, Doctor. At the moment, they are your top priority.  We came here for a specific purpose, Doctor.  The Captain would have remained to recover a crew member at the  risk of his own life or even his own ship.  I need not explain my rationale to you or any other member of  this crew. There is a margin of variation in any experiment. While  there was a chance, I was bound legally and morally to ascertain the  Captain's status.  That is enough, Doctor. We both have other things to do.  You will return to your duty as soon as we've discharged our  responsibilities here.  Doctor, I am in command of the Enterprise.  If you believe I have acted irregularly, then relieve me of  duty. That is your prerogative as medical officer of this ship.  What would you have me say, Doctor?  (The intercom whistles.)  Spock here.  I shall be there shortly. Doctor, I believe we each have our  respective tasks to complete before the Tholians complete theirs.  [Uhura's quarters] (Uhura is obviously off-duty as she has changed out  of her uniform. She is just putting on a necklace when she is hit by  searing pain in her body. Then she catches sight of a ghostly image in  the mirror.)  Spock here. Proceed, Mister Scott. [Engineering] Report to Doctor McCoy all symptoms noted  prior to the attack. [Engineering] Spock out.  [Medical lab] (We can hear Chekov's cries as he struggles against  the restraints in Sickbay.)  Bridge. Spock here.  Negative. We are relatively stable at the  moment. [Engineering] Why do you ask?  (Scott sees a ghostly image floating by the ladders to the upper level.  It's Kirk.)  What is it, Mister Scott? [Bridge] (McCoy enters.)  Mister Scott?  Report to the bridge immediately.  In critical moments, men sometimes see exactly what they wish to  see.  I was merely stating a fact, Doctor.  Please leave that to me, Doctor McCoy. I realise that the crew  are your prime concern. You can best serve them in your laboratory. I  urge you to confine yourself to it until a remedy has been found.  I understand, Doctor. I'm sure the Captain would simply have  said forget it, Bones.  (McCoy collapses as Scott enters.)  Captain? Captain? Captain.  (The image disappears.) [Sickbay] (McCoy releases the straps on Uhura's bed.)  Exactly. But the Captain remained. Only the overlap time  changed. The next interphase will occur here.  (A diagram on a desk monitor.)  Can you be ready?  It will have to do, Mister Scott. (door buzzer) Come.  (McCoy enters carrying a tray with a flask of orange liquid and three  shot glasses.)  You've found the antidote, Doctor.  Ensign Chekov was affected so early. Has he responded to it?  Theragen? A nerve gas used by the Klingons.  If I remember correctly, it caused fatality only when used in  pure form.  Welcome back, Lieutenant.  Your absence was keenly felt, Mister Chekov.  Estimated time for completion of the Tholian web.  Are the ships computers programmed for entry into interspace?  Spock to engineering. [Engineering] Prepare for interphase in [Bridge] Fifteen seconds.  Stand by with full power. [Engineering] It will have to do.  Ready to transport on my order.  (Kirk appears on the viewscreen.)  Try to maintain position Mister Sulu.  Engineering, bring ship's power up to full capability.  (There's a massive jolt, then the Enterprise disappears from inside the  web and reappears in open space.)  Negative, Ensign. Utilising ship's power has thrown us clear of  it. Compute the distance from the original location.  We shall soon see, Lieutenant.  Good. Since the Captain was locked into our transporter beam  when we were thrown clear of the interphase area, he should've been  drawn here with us. Spock to transporter room. [Transporter room] The Captain's oxygen supply is running out now. Are you  standing by with a hypo of tri-ox compound for him?  Prepare to transport on the Captain's  co-ordinates on my order.  I see him, Ensign. I see him. Now, Doctor. [Transporter room] (It takes a couple of attempts, but Kirk is beamed  safely aboard and promptly falls to his knees. McCoy injects him while  Chapel removes his helmet.)  None worth reporting, Captain.  Only such minor disturbances as are inevitable when humans are  involved.  Orders, Captain?  No. You see, the crisis was upon us, and then passed so quickly,  Captain, that we 
They may have nothing to report. Our sensors indicate no life  forms except our landing party.  No cloud formations, no bodies of water, no changes in surface  temperature. Under these conditions, fog is highly unlikely, Captain.  According to our transporter co-ordinates this is the exact location  from which Jackson was beamed up to the ship.  (They step down carefully into the mist swirling along the path.)  No indications of. A moment, Captain. Picking up life form  readings. Twenty four degrees mark seven. Range one thirty seven point  one six metres. Multiple readings, Captain.  No change, Captain.  Very bad poetry, Captain.  What we've just seen is not real.  However, on azimuth twenty four, at just over one hundred  metres, there are definitely life forms. Erratic, confused, but  definitely registering.  This is the source of the life form readings, Captain. They're  inside, somewhere.  I would say not, Captain. There's no indication of anything that  would cause such interference.  Nor do our sensors register the life forms inside.  Trick or treat, Captain?  That would seem to be in order.  The readings would so indicate.  (Unlike a real castle, this one is all corridors at present.)  Yes. I am undamaged, Captain.  I do not know, Captain, but these things do exist. They are  real.  As if someone knew what it was that terrifies man most on an  instinctive level.  Neither did Jackson just before he collapsed.  Mapping expeditions have charted this solar system before. There  never have been any life forms on Pyris Seven.  There are ancient Earth legends about wizards and their  familiars.  Demons in animal forms sent by Satan to serve the wizard.  I do not create the legend, Captain. I merely report it.  Ingenious.  Mind probing? Hypnosis?  Telepathy?  Not entirely, no. Telepathy doesn't imply control and I assure  you that I have full control over your friends.  (Kirk gets the phaser off Scott by throwing gems in his face.)  Twenty two minutes, seventeen seconds.  I'm sure we'll find out shortly. Jim, all of these things that  we've seen. To an Earthman like yourself, they must seem quite  familiar.  Precisely. I refer you to the psychological theory of the racial  subconscious. The universal myths, symbols.  And dungeons and castles and black cats. They all belong to the  twilight world of consciousness.  And they missed. They reached basically only the subconscious.  Korob seemed  puzzled by your reaction to the environment he'd provided.  And not to have a knowledge of our scientific methods is most  unlikely for any life form we've met in this galaxy.  Evidently something totally alien in all respects.  I, too, am at a loss at this time to suggest a course of action.    (The door opens and McCoy enters with Scott and Sulu. He has been  zombified. Sulu unchains Kirk.)  You came in a ship?  Fascinating.  Racial memories. The cat is the most ruthless, most terrifying  of animals, as far back as the sabre-toothed tiger.  Ready when you are, Captain.  Quickly, Captain.  Captain, a bit more alacrity, if you please.  (Kirk uses a bed frame as a trampoline to help him reach the hole, and  Spock pulls him the rest of the way.)  [Castle] Captain.  (McCoy arrives to take a swing at them with a morning-star. Kirk fights  with him as Spock takes on Scott. Kirk knocks McCoy out.)  Jim!  (McCoy has awakened only to get knocked out again.)  Fortuitous, Captain. And now that we have them all together?  (the cat arrives) A most unpleasant situation, Captain. If only your  phaser had some power.  Don't let her touch the wand, Captain.  (She strokes her pendant, and she and Kirk vanish.)  Jim! [Drawing room] Fascinating. A life form totally alien to our galaxy. If we  could preserve and study this  (But the little puppets collapse and die. Smoke rises from the bodies.) 
Deep Space Station K7 now within sensor  range, Captain.  That is illogical, Ensign. Odours cannot travel through the  vacuum of space.  Extremely little, Ensign.  Under dispute between the two parties since initial contact. The  battle of Donatu Five was fought near here twenty three solar years  ago. Inconclusive.  Undeveloped. Sherman's Planet is claimed by both sides, our  Federation and the Klingon Empire. We do have the better claim.  John Burke was the Chief Astronomer at the Royal Academy in old  Britain at the time.  Quadrotriticale is a high-yield grain, a four-lobed hybrid of  wheat and rye. A perennial, also, I believe. Its root grain, triticale,  can trace its ancestry all the way back to twentieth century Canada  Misuse of the Priority One channels is a Federation offence.  It would seem a logical precaution, Captain. The Sherman's  Planet affair is of extreme importance to the Federation.  Nevertheless Captain, the Klingons would not enjoy seeing us  successfully develop Sherman's Planet.  But not totally unexpected.  (stroking a tribble) A most curious creature, Captain. Its  trilling seems to have a tranquillising effect on the human nervous  system. Fortunately, of course, I am immune to its effect.  (Everyone stares, he suddenly realises what he is doing, and puts it  down. Spock and Kirk leave.)  Captain, may I ask where you'll be?  There's something disquieting about these creatures.  Don't be insulting, Doctor. They remind me of the lilies of the  field. They toil not, neither do they spin. But they seem to eat a  great deal. I see no practical use for them.  So would an ermine violin, but I see no advantage in having one.    Doctor, I am well aware of human characteristics. I am  frequently inundated by them, but I've trained myself to put up with  practically anything.  What is that, Doctor?  Doctor?  They do have one redeeming characteristic.  They do not talk too much. If you'll excuse me, sir.  [Bridge] (Kirk walks to his chair, preoccupied by his last  conversation. When he sits, there is a squeak. He has sat on a large  tribble. Then he notices that there are fluffy balls everywhere.)  Captain, I am forced to agree with the doctor. I've been running  computations on their rate of reproduction. The figures are taking an  alarming direction. They're consuming our supplies and returning  nothing.  Surely you must have realised what would happen if you removed  the tribbles from their predator-filled environment into an environment  where their natural multiplicative proclivities would have no  restraining factors.  By removing the tribbles from their natural habitat, you have,  so to speak, removed the cork from the bottle and allowed the genie to  escape.  He simply could not believe his ears.  We have already checked on the background of Mister Cyrano  Jones. He is a licensed asteroid locator and prospector. He's never  broken the law, at least not severely. For the past seven years, with  his one-man spaceship, he's obtained a marginal living by engaging in  the buying and selling of rare merchandise, including, unfortunately,  tribbles.  Fascinating.  Captain, there are vents of that type on the space station.  They seem to be gorged.  One million seven hundred seventy one thousand five hundred  sixty one. That's assuming one tribble, multiplying with an average  litter of ten, producing a new generation every twelve hours over a  period of three days.  And allowing for the amount of grain consumed and the volume of  the storage compartment.  Captain this tribble is dead. And so are these.  The logical assumption is that there is something in the grain.  I believe that more than the word of an aggrieved Klingon  commander would be necessary for that, Mister Baris.  Remarkable.  Obviously tribbles are very perceptive creatures, Captain.  The penalty is twenty years in a rehabilitation colony.  Seventeen point nine, to be exact.  He'll do it.  Captain, Starfleet was able to divert that  freighter.  Based on computer analysis, of course, taking into account the  possibilities of  Well, it was Mister Scott who performed the actual engineering. 
Indications are a storm, Captain, although I've never seen one  of such great intensity or strange confirmation.  All sensor readings are at maximum calibration.  It is definitely doing so, Captain. Therefore it cannot be a  phenomenon of nature.  Some equipment was temporarily out of order. My sensors were  inoperative.  None, Captain.  Captain, it was not a storm.  Only of the result, not of the cause. In each case, a different  area of the brain was affected. Our voluntary nerve functions were  under some form of pressure.  Attack might be a more precise formulation, Captain.  It is of little consequence, Captain. Memory Alpha has no  protective shields.  None, Captain. When the library complex was assembled, shielding  was considered inappropriate to its totally academic purpose. Since the  information on the Memory planet is available to everyone, special  protection was deemed unnecessary.  It varies with the number of scholars, researchers, and  scientists from the various Federation planets who are using the  computer complex.  Sensors give no readings of generated energy from Memory Alpha,  Captain.  None.  A disaster for the galaxy, Captain. The central brain is  damaged. The memory core is burned out. The loss to the galaxy may be  irretrievable.  A very faint life reading in the immediate vicinity, Captain.  Negative.  The attack was thorough.  Lieutenant, I assure you that unexplained phenomenon was headed  away from the planet. It is probably seeking other victims.  No known conditions in space would support that type of natural  phenomenon.  I'm having difficulty with the ship's sensors. They seem to be  under selective attack by the phenomenon as the unfortunate occupants  of Memory Alpha were.  Ship's sensors are operating at the moment. Perhaps the elusive  creature will now reveal something about itself. [Engineering] Negative, Captain. Maintaining its distance. However, it is  matching each manoeuvre we execute, and I am receiving increasing  magnitude of energy.  Not what is it, Captain. What are they? There are ten distinct  life units within it, all powerfully alive and vital.  Impossible to determine without programming for computer  analysis.  I do not believe the Enterprise shields would prove an effective  defence.  Captain, we are dealing with a community of life units. Their  attack is in the form of brain waves directed against the brain, which  is most compatible.  Perhaps it did not understand.  It appears so.  Not directly.  Negative, Captain. I have not been able to gather sufficient  data for that. Captain, there is only one possible defence. If we can  find an environment which is deadly to the alien form.  I am, Captain. I have fed all obtainable data to the main  computer. It should be ready to supply whatever conclusions are  possible.  Doctor McCoy, according to your records, Lieutenant Romaine  showed no abnormal telepathic powers.  And you are sure that this is the correct slide?  Gentlemen, it also happens to be tape H, the impulse tracking  obtained from the alien life units.  As I said, Captain, this is the tracking obtained during the  last shielded run. Computer, run a detailed comparison brain circuitry  patterns, tape D and tape H.  Fascinating.  Doctor McCoy is correct, Captain. There is an identity of minds  taking place  between the alien beings and the mind of Lieutenant Romaine. Their  thoughts are becoming hers. [Bridge] At their present force, they will get through the shields this  time, Captain.  She will, unless we are able to complete what the captain has  planned.  Captain, we must deal with them directly, now, while she still  retains partial identity. We can speak to them. They will answer using  her voice.  That is one of the planets where all humanoid life was  destroyed.  They will not accept their own deaths.  Captain, if we cannot complete the plan, they will carry out  their threat.  The weightless state has become their natural condition.  We may tax Mister Scott's patience, Doctor.  Particularly where humans are involved, Doctor.  Doctor McCoy is correct, Captain. While the truth was difficult  to accept, when it was revealed, the girl reacted well. I would say her  struggle in this experience would strengthen her entire ego structure.  You mean, love as motivation? Humans do claim a great deal for  that particular emotion. I suppose it is possible. However  Logical. 
Check the circuit.  It can't be the screen then. Definitely something out there,  Captain, headed this way.  Their call letters check with a survey expedition. SS Columbia.  It disappeared in that region approximately eighteen years ago.  Records show the Talos group has never been explored. Solar  system similar to Earth, eleven planets. Number four seems to be Class  M, oxygen atmosphere.  We aren't going to go, to be certain?  Mister Spock here. We're intercepting a follow-up  message, sir. There are crash survivors on Talos.  [Bridge] Preliminary lab survey ready, sir.  Yes, sir.  Spock here.  There is no survivors' encampment, Number One. This is all some  sort of trap. We've lost the Captain. Do you read?  [Pike's cage] (Pike wakes to find himself in a cell with a  transparent wall blocking his escape. He tests it's strength, and  notices other similar occupied cells. There's a fanged ape, a giant  bird and other scary shadows. The three aliens arrive)  The inhabitants of this planet must live  deep underground, and probably manufacture food and other needs down  there. Our tests indicate the planet surface, without considerably more  vegetation or some animals, simply too barren to support life.  Exactly. An illusion placed in our minds by this planet's  inhabitants.  They may simply be studying the Captain, to find out how Earth  people are put together. Or it could be something more.  Look. Brains three times the size of ours. If we start buzzing  about down there, we're liable to find their mental power is so great  they could reach out and swat this ship as though it were a fly.  Standing by, Number One.  Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.  (The laser cannon blasts away)  Our circuits are beginning to heat. We'll have to cease  power.  We've located a magnetic field that seems to  come from their underground generator.  If our measurements and readings are an illusion also, one could  find oneself materialised inside solid rock.  The women!  [Pike's cage] Address intercraft.  This is the acting captain speaking. We have no choice now but  to consider the safety of this vessel and the remainder of the crew.  We're leaving. All decks prepare for hyperdrive. Time warp factor.  Engine room!  Mister Spock here. Switch to rockets. We're blasting out.  Nothing. But for the batteries we'd lose gravitation and oxygen.    Could be we've waited too long. It's collecting all the  information stored in this fly. They've decided to swat us. [Pike's cell] Mister Spock here. 
Humans do have an amazing capacity for believing what they  choose and excluding that which is painful.  The attack on Professor Starnes' party must surely have been  unprovoked.  I stand corrected, Captain. Induced would be a more precise  term. Induced by an outside force.  The release of bacteria. Or a helpless mental depression and a  state of suicidal anxiety could have been chemically induced.  I do not know, but it is possible.  A valid assumption, I would say.  Or the promise of reward.  At present, yes. (his tricorder beeps) Odd.  There seems to be some disturbance coming from that cave. [Cave] Definitely not humanoid, Captain. Impossible to make any  specific identification. The readings do not correlate with any known  information.  I'm not aware of it, Captain.  I am not familiar with anxiety, but I wasn't aware it could be  registered on sensors.  Are you all right, Captain?  (enters) Captain, I have extracted the salient portion of  Professor Starnes' tapes.  Among the technical facts he gathered, Professor Starnes also  offered some rather unscientific hypotheses.  There is another portion, Captain, which I believe you'll find  particularly interesting.  Unknown.  He never completed the entry, and the dispatch was never sent.  Except for scenes of family life, games and picnics with the children,  that is the complete record. Whatever overwhelmed them must have done  so with incredible speed. Otherwise, the professor would have provided  details of the experience. He was an excellent scientist and tireless  in his pursuit of the truth.  Possible, Captain. Evil does seek to maintain power by  suppressing the truth.  According to the legend, Triacus was the seat of a band of  marauders who made constant war throughout the system of Epsilon Indi.  After many centuries, the destroyers were themselves destroyed by those  they had preyed upon.  No, like so many legends, this one too has a frightening ending.  It warns that the evil is awaiting a catalyst to set it again into  motion and send it marauding across the galaxy.  I was speaking of a legend, Captain.  According to Federation records, this is the first.  He said an unseen force was influencing him, that he recognised  it, was beginning to fight it and cancelled his request for a ship.  I am unable to lock on to the proper co-ordinates.  It appears we are no longer orbiting Triacus.  Captain, we are no longer orbiting Triacus.  Captain, why are we bothering Starfleet?  This bridge is under complete control.  There is no need.  I cannot obey your order, Captain.  (A vain communications officer who cannot ignore a reflection, a  helmsman who thinks he is flying the ship through a tunnel of swords...  Kirk goes to the security guard.)  Captain, we must get off this bridge.  Captain.  Jim.  Correct, Captain. [Corridor] Where to, Captain?  Captain, so long as the children are present, there is danger.  They are the carriers.  They are followers. Without followers, evil cannot spread.  Captain, the four hundred and thirty men and women on board the  Enterprise and the ship itself are endangered by these children.  Perhaps that is true, but the evil that is within them is  spreading fast, and unless we can find a way to remove it  You take from those who do not know you.  Why should you fear it?  Tommy's father would have destroyed you, but he recognised you  too late. 
Vulcan honours us with your presence. We come to serve.  Captain, Ambassador Sarek and his wife are my parents.  Captain's log, Stardate 3842.3. We have departed  Vulcan for the neutral planetoid code-named Babel. Since it is in our  sector, the Enterprise has been assigned to transport ambassadors of  Federation planets to this vitally important council. The issues of the  council are politically complex, the passengers explosive.  [Engineering] (Kirk is conducting Sarek and Amanda's tour  himself. Spock is doing something in Engineering when they enter.)  Humans smile with so little provocation.  The situation between my father and myself has not changed.  Yes, Captain?  If you will excuse me, Captain. (leaves)  Not precisely, Doctor. On Vulcan, the teddy bears are alive, and  they have six-inch fangs.  Sensors indicate the size of a scout ship, but the configuration  is unfamiliar. Most unusual.  Starfleet records no authorised vessel in this quadrant except  ours.  Guess, Captain? I shall need more data for my estimate.  Vessel changing course, heading toward us at  high warp speed.  Interesting. They were travelling at approximately warp ten.  Vulcans. On Vulcan, the method is called tal-shaya. It was  considered a merciful form of execution in ancient times.  Indeed, Captain? Interesting.  Vulcans do not approve of violence.  No, Captain. I'm merely saying it would be illogical to kill  without reason.  If there were a reason, my father is quite capable of killing.  Logically and efficiently.  [Sarek's quarters] Mother. If only on circumstantial evidence, he is a logical  suspect.  Yes, Captain. I get sensor readings of tri-tritanium from the  alien ship's hull.  Yes, it could adversely affect our mission.  Worry is a human emotion, Captain. I accept what has happened.  The ship's hull seems to have a high density level  or is cloaked against sensor probes. It is manned, but sensors cannot  make out specifics.  I think it unlikely it is one of theirs.  Possibly, Captain. But I cannot decode this transmission.  It is in no known code. There's no detectable pattern. No  standard references apply.  Only negative. It fits none of our computer records, and it is  alien.  Doctor, do you propose surgery for the heart defect?  I suggest that a cryogenic open-heart procedure would be the  logical approach.  My blood is T-negative, Doctor.  It should be possible to filter out the human factors.  Indeed. I would estimate the odds  Doctor.  Rigelian physiology is very similar to Vulcan.  But it does look promising.  I consider the safety factor low, but acceptable.  It has been used successfully on test subjects on Rigel Five.  Miss Chapel? I underwent a physical examination last week. Would  you pull those records, please?  It would seem the only answer.  Then you automatically condemn Sarek to death. And you, Doctor,  have no logical alternative either. If you do not operate, Sarek will  die. You now have the means to perform the operation. I am volunteering  myself as the blood donor. I'll be at my station until you require me.  [Corridor] (Kirk is in the middle of a vigorous fight with an  Andorian (the blue people with antennae). The Andorian pulls a knife  and stabs Kirk before getting kicked unconscious.)  Spock here. [Corridor] Captain? Captain? Captain?  Captain's log, stardate 3843.4. First Officer Spock  in temporary command. The captain has been critically wounded by one of  the delegates to the Babel conference. The ship is on alert status. We  are still being followed by the intruder vessel.  [Sickbay] I'll be in the brig questioning the Andorian prisoner.  No, Doctor.  My first responsibility is to the ship. Our passengers' safety  is by Starfleet order of first importance. We are being followed by an  alien, possibly hostile, vessel. I cannot relinquish command under  these circumstances.  On what grounds, Doctor? Command requirements do not recognise  personal privilege. I'll be in the brig interrogating the Andorian.  [Brig] He has been subjected to questioning under verifier scan and  truth drug. He reveals nothing. I suggest his mind has been so  conditioned as part of a preconceived plan.  Apparently Thelev did.  I do not know. There is no logic in Thelev's attack upon the  captain. There is no logic in Gav's murder.  Come in.  Mother, when I was commissioned, I took an oath to carry out  responsibilities which were clearly and exactly specified.  Any competent officer can command this ship under normal  circumstances. The circumstances are not normal. We're carrying over  one hundred valuable Federation passengers. We're being pursued by an  alien ship. We're subject to possible attack. There has been murder and  attempted murder on board. I cannot dismiss my duties.  I know, but this must take precedence. If I could give the  transfusion without loss of time or efficiency, I would.  Sarek understands my reason.  Mother, how can you have lived on Vulcan so long, married a  Vulcan, raised a son on Vulcan, without understanding what it means to  be a Vulcan?  It means to adopt a philosophy, a way of life, which is logical  and beneficial. We cannot disregard that philosophy merely for personal  gain, no matter how important that gain might be.  Can you imagine what my father would say if I were to agree, if  I were to give up command of this vessel, jeopardise hundreds of lives,  risk interplanetary war, all for the life of one person?  Mother  I cannot.  (She slaps his face and storms out.)  [Sickbay] Captain?  Captain, are you quite all right?  I must see the captain.  The alien ship. I've just realised that if their power  utilisation curve is not the norm, it should be possible to identify  them this way. Very important.  (Chapel gives him a hypo to put him to sleep.)  Captain, I believe you'll find the alien  I think you'll find he's an Orion, Doctor.  Intelligence reports that Orion smugglers have been raiding the  Coridan system.  The thing that confused me was the power utilisation curve. It  made them seem more powerful than a starship or anything known to us.  That ship was constructed for a suicide mission. Since they never  intended to return to their home base, they could use one hundred  percent power on their attacks. The thing I don't understand is why I  didn't think of it earlier.  That hardly seems likely.  Emotional, isn't she?  Indeed? Why did you marry her?  Doctor, I'll return to my station now.  Indeed, Captain. I've never seen him look so happy. 
Captain, sensors show this entire solar system has been  destroyed. Nothing left but rubble and asteroids.  Nonetheless, Captain, sensors show nothing but debris where we  charted seven planets last year.  Captain, the two inner most planets of this system appear to be  intact.  I have it on the sensors, Captain. By configuration, a starship  stopped in space. She appears to be drifting.  Sensors not recording normal energy output.  She may have been wrecked by whatever destroyed these solar  systems.  All power plants dead, reserve energy banks operative at a very  low power level.  Also operative at a low power level. The entire Bridge is  damaged and uninhabitable. The rest of the ship seems able to sustain  life.  Normal, but subspace interference makes readings difficult.  Acknowledged. [Constellation corridor] (The name ship for the Constellation-class is a  mess, with chunks blown out of her nacelles and saucer. Inside, pipes  are hanging down, twisted.)  Enterprise, Spock here.  Improbable, Captain. The surface temperature of the inner planet  is that of molten lead. The other has an atmosphere poisonous to human  life. [Constellation Room] Spock here, Captain. [Bridge] Unable to raise Starfleet Command due to  heavy subspace interference. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Attempting to remedy.  She was attacked by what appears to be  essentially a robot, an automated weapon of immense size and power. Its  apparent function is to smash planets to rubble and then digest the  debris for fuel. It is, therefore, self-sustaining  as long as there are planetary bodies for it to feed on. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Unknown, Captain. However, Mister Sulu has  computed the path of the machine, using the destroyed solar systems as  a base course.  Projecting back on our star charts, we find that it came from outside,  from another galaxy.  If it follows its present path, it will go through the most  densely populated section of our galaxy. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Red alert! Red alert!  It came up on us fast, Captain, but we seem  able to maintain our distance.  It looks very much like Commodore Decker's planet killer. And it  is pursuing us. (The viewscreen now shows it head-on. A round opening  with a small sun partway down the gullet.)  We are more manoeuvrable, but it is gaining on us. Sensors  indicate some kind of total conversion drive. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] No evidence of life, subspace  interference level incredibly high.  I would say none, Captain. The energy  generated by our power nacelles seems to attracts it. I doubt we could  manoeuvre close enough without drawing a direct attack upon ourselves. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] I also believe the nature of this  machine precludes the possibility of easy access to its control  mechanisms. [Bridge] Closing, Captain. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Acknowledged. [Transporter room] Transporter Room, stand by to beam  landing party aboard.  Evasive action, Mister Sulu.  Damage report, all stations.  Affect repairs. Captain Kirk, come in please.  Captain, we've been attacked. The transporter is damaged. We're  taking evasive action.  Damage in communications, Captain.  Interference will (static)  We have outrun it, Doctor.  Impulse and warp engines operative, transporter and  communications under repair. Random chance seems to have operated in  our favour.  I believe I said that, Doctor.  Evidently programmed to ignore anything as small as a ship  beyond a certain radius. We'll maintain a discreet distance and circle  back to pick up the Captain.  I am aware of the Rigel system's population, Commodore, but we  are only one ship. Our deflector shields are strained, our subspace  transmitter is useless. Logically, our primary duty is to survive in  order to warn Starfleet Command.  Mister Sulu, you will lay in an evasive course back to the  Constellation.  You will carry out my last order, Mister Sulu.  You have the right to do so, but I would advise against it.  You tried to destroy it once before, Commodore. The result was a  wrecked ship and a dead crew.  Sensors show the object's hull is solid neutronium. A single  ship cannot combat it.  Unfortunately, Starfleet Order 104, Section B, leaves me no  alternative. Paragraph 1A clearly states  If you can certify Commodore Decker medically or psychologically  unfit for command, I can relieve him under Section C.  You'll also be asked to produce your medical records to prove  it.  Then your statement would not be considered valid.  Deflector shields at full power. They can't take much more of  this.  Deflectors holding, but weakening. We must retreat, Commodore.  The energy drain  Commodore, I urgently recommend immediate withdrawal.  It has ceased fire. We're being held in a tractor beam. We're  being pulled inside, Commodore. You must veer off.  We have lost warp power. If we don't break the tractor beam  within sixty seconds, we never will.  That, sir, is illogical. It is suicide. Attempted suicide would  be proof that you are psychologically unfit for command. If you don't  veer off, I shall relieve you on that basis.  Emergency impulse power.  It's closing fast on the Constellation.  Commodore, I suggest  This machine seems to have a programmed defensive sphere. Any  energy source entering that field is subject to attack.  Warp drive and deflectors will be out for a solar day. Repairs  proceeding on transporter and communications.  We can maintain this speed for only seven hours before we  exhaust our fuel, but it can refuel itself indefinitely.  Illogical. We cannot destroy it. Therefore, we cannot save  Rigel. We must transport the Captain and the others from the  Constellation  and escape this thing's subspace interference in order to warn  Starfleet Command.  Can you raise Starfleet?  On audio, Lieutenant.  Commodore.  Warp drive out. Deflector shields down. Transporter under  repair. We are on emergency impulse power. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] At least one solar day. [Bridge] At our present rate of consumption, we'll  exhaust our impulse power long before then.  Commodore Decker, you are relieved of  command.  You may file a formal protest with Starfleet Command, assuming  we survive to reach a Starbase. But you are relieved. Commodore. I do  not wish to place you under arrest.  Vulcans never bluff.  Captain, I have assumed command.  One moment, sir. Commodore. I believe you are scheduled for  medical examination. Mister Montgomery.  You will accompany the commodore to Sickbay.  Mister Sulu, change course. Seven zero mark two one.  Captain, we are taking an evasive course back to you. We will  try to stay ahead of the object until we can transport you aboard. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Yes, sir.  Shut them, Mister Sulu.  Whoever it is, Captain, has no  authorisation. Lieutenant, raise the shuttlecraft.  Commodore, I must insist that you return to  the ship. [Shuttlecraft] You cannot succeed, Commodore. Your only  logical alternative is to return to the ship. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] He's gone. Constellation, come in, please. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Captain Kirk, come in please.  Sir, may I offer my condolences on the death  of your friend. It is most regrettable. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] The drop in power is definite, Captain but negligible. The  object is still pursing us, thereby causing us to drain our power  reserve at a much greater rate.  Transporter operational, Captain. Shall we beam you aboard? [Constellation Auxiliary Control] There's little to be gained by staying aboard the Constellation.  [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Acknowledged. Transporter Room. Beam damage  control party aboard.  No, sir. Ninety seven point eight three five  megatons. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Negative, Captain. Its hull is pure  neutronium. There is no known way of blasting through it. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Insufficient data. I shall try to take  further sensor readings. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Captain? [Bridge] The object's neutronium hull makes sensor  readings of the inner mechanism impossible. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Correct. [Bridge] Captain, you're getting dangerously close to  the planet killer. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Jim, you'll be killed, just like Decker. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Your chances of survival are not promising.  We don't even know if the explosion will be powerful enough. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] There's another factor, Captain. The transporter is not  working at one hundred percent efficiency. [Bridge] Thirty seconds is very slim timing. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Transporter, stand by.  Transporter is out, Captain. You'll have to  stand by. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Acknowledged. [Jefferies tube] (Amid spluttering cables)  Mister Scott, speed is of the essence. [Bridge] Captain, transporter operational, but just barely. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Transporter, stand by.  Energise. [Transporter room] We can't, Captain. Transporter is out again. [Bridge] Mister Scott, twenty seconds to detonation. [Jefferies tube] Mister Scott? [Bridge] Mister Scott [Jefferies tube] Try inverse phasing. [Bridge] Mister Scott?  Energy output zero. Radiation level normal.  (Kirk runs in.)  Welcome aboard, Captain. Sensors show all energy sources  deactivated. It's quite dead.  Indeed, Captain. I presume your log will show that Commodore  Decker died in the line of duty.  Appropriate, Captain. However, I can't help wondering if there  are any more of those weapons wandering around the universe. 
The soil here is remarkably rich and fertile, Captain. Husbandry  would be quite efficacious.  Oh, quite sure. Readings indicate the entire planet is covered  with growth like this.  Curious, even at the poles there's very little variation in temperature  which maintains a planet-wide average of seventy six degrees.  I find that most unusual, Captain.  Indeed. Subsurface vibrations for miles in all directions.  Quite strong, fairly regular, artificially produced.  Captain.  There's a humanoid hiding directly behind us, moving with  remarkable agility, bearing one eight.  (Kirk nods to a guard, and they go to flank their observer.)  A visitor. One wanting to retain his anonymity, I should say.  Anything?  Interesting. Extremely low specific gravity, some uraninite,  hornblende, quartz. (breaks it in half) Fragile, good cleavage. An  analysis should prove interesting.  (He throws one half away, and it explodes when it hits the ground.)  Obviously highly unstable, Captain. This could be a find of some  importance. In large quantities, it could be a considerable source of  power.  If Scott is correct about the force from the surface, it may  have to do with the vibrations I read earlier.  If so, an immense one. Probably subterranean.  (McCoy is scanning something.)  (noticing a plant moving) Jim!  (He pushes the Captain and McCoy out of the way, but takes the thorns  in his own chest.)  Doctor McCoy's potion is acting like all his potions, turning my  stomach. Other than that, I am quite well.  I surmised you were unaware of that plant, so I  I assure you, Captain, I had no intention of doing that. It was  merely my own clumsiness prevented me which prevented me from moving  out of the way.  I shall do so.  One hundred twenty two thousand two hundred  Captain, to affect the ship at this extreme range would require  a highly sophisticated planetary defence system.  (It goes dark.)  Captain. Those co-ordinates are a short distance in that  direction.  Captain. In each case, this was unavoidable.  I don't see how.  You are under orders to investigate this planet and this  culture.  No one has ever stated that Starfleet duty was particularly  safe. You've followed the correct and logical course, done everything a  commander could do. Self-recriminations (he pauses) Captain, our friend  is back.  Mister Chekov, your tricorder readings are totally inefficient!  Ensign, I will not have you address me in that tone of voice!  Captain, this is fascinating. If you will permit me, sir?  (Akuta has metal wires sticking out behind from behind his ears.)  Fascinating. A very high order of  workmanship, very ancient, generating great power.  No, Captain. The centre is deep in the earth beneath us. This is  an access point. It would also seem to be a  (He steps forward and is flung back.)  Obviously.  Yes, quite. It extends some thirty feet beyond the figure in all  directions. Conventional in composition, and quite formidable.  Yes, indeed it does, Captain. It makes me uncomfortable.  Yes. Spock. I am Spock.  I fail to see what they find so amusing.  Quite possible. It checks with my atmospheric analysis. Their  atmosphere completely negates any harmful effects from their sun.  Apparently, our hypothesis is correct. There is no living being  there. It is a machine, nothing more.  Evidently not. This is no ordinary machine, Captain. It may well  possess a rudimentary intelligence.  That may not be of any help. The Enterprise has only ten hours  left in which to break free.  Acknowledged.  (McCoy joins them.)  In my view, a splendid example of reciprocity.  Doctor, you insist on applying human standards to non-human  cultures. I remind you that humans are only a tiny minority in this  galaxy.  Another is their right to choose a system which seems to work  for them.  Doctor, these people are healthy and they are happy. What ever  you choose to call it, this system works, despite your emotional  reaction to it.  I see no alternative.  Well, I believe it's safe, (cough) safe to assume that they  would receive the necessary instructions.  I am concerned, Captain. This may not be an  ideal society, but it is a viable one.  If we do what it seems we must, in my opinion it will be in  direct violation of the non-interference directive.  Starfleet Command may think otherwise.  Captain!  Disturbing. The people of Vaal seem to have disappeared. [Vaal] Force field, Captain.  Variation in impulses, Captain. I believe it is reading us. A  strong jump on all wavelengths.  (Lightning threatens.)  Doctor, you have an unsurpassed talent for understatement.  The good doctor was concerned that the Vaalians achieved true  human stature. I submit there is no cause for worry. They've taken the  first step. They've learned to kill. [Bridge] Readings are getting weaker, Captain. Wide  variation in energy transmissions, as though Vaal were trying to draw  on other sources.  I would assume so.  If it had to reinforce its energy field to ward off a phaser  attack, it would have to draw more heavily on its reserves.  A tremendous upsurge in generated power, Captain. Obviously Vaal  is trying to reinforce his energy field.  No power generation at all, Captain. Vaal is dead.  That's not unusual, Doctor.  Captain, I'm not at all certain we did the correct thing on  Gamma Trianguli Six.  Captain, you are aware of the biblical story of Genesis.  Precisely, Captain, and in a manner of speaking, we have given  the people of Vaal the apple, the knowledge of good and evil if you  will, as a result of which they too have been driven out of paradise.  Not at all, Captain.  I am not aware of anyone who fits that description, Captain. 
I have them, Captain. Closing off deck fourteen, search in  progress.  [Corridor] Negative in the deck area, Captain. He may have gotten out.  Expanding search to adjoining sections.  Interesting. Your Earth people glorify organised violence for  forty centuries, but you imprison those who employ it privately.  We disposed of emotion, Doctor. Where there is no emotion there  is no motive for violence.  Fifty seven minutes, thirty seconds, Captain.  An identification tape from our ship's library on Doctor Simon  Van Gelder.  Doctor Van Gelder, Captain. No mistake. There's a full ID tape  on him.  Assigned there six months ago as Doctor Adams' associate.  Gentlemen, I suggest you ask Doctor Adams if he wants Van Gelder  returned.  I believe we should, Jim.  Problem, Captain?  Enterprise. Spock here.  Affirmative, Captain. Enterprise out.  Neural neutraliser. Can you explain that, Doctor Van Gelder?  This room. What happens there?  Can you give us your present location,  Captain?  Then you're with Doctor Adams now.  Captain, Van Gelder has made reference to a particular treatment  room. The term was neural neutraliser.  [Adam's study] Van Gelder is extremely agitated, Captain,  and warns that you are in danger.  [Adam's study] Please repeat, Captain. I didn't receive that.  When do you plan to beam back up, Captain?  And you will continue to check in every four hours?  Destroy how? What?  Enterprise log. First officer Spock,  acting captain. I must now use an ancient Vulcan technique to probe  into Van Gelder's tortured mind.  [Sickbay] I've never used it on a human, Doctor.  It's a hidden, personal thing to the Vulcan people, part of our  private lives.  It could be dangerous. Do you understand? It requires I make  pressure changes in your nerves, your blood vessels.  This will not affect you, Doctor McCoy, only the person I touch.  It is not hypnosis.  You begin to feel a strange euphoria. Your body floats.  Open your mind. We move together. Our minds sharing the same  thoughts.  [Noel's room] What is our name? Who are we?  Doctor Adams. The neural neutraliser. What did he do to us?  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  Yes.  Empty.  Lonely.  Empty.  Emergency channel D.  Keep trying.  (Noel hides as guards search for her, and when they go she pulls down  the master high voltage switch. A guard grabs her)  [Treatment room] (to McCoy) Get some security people and follow me down.  Energise.  [Power control room] (Noel dashes back into the aircon tunnels)  (pushes a load of buttons) Enterprise, this is Spock. Force  field has been eliminated. (turns main power back on again)  [Kirk's room] It was from Van Gelder. He thought you'd like to know the  treatment room had been dismantled and the equipment destroyed.  Acknowledged, Captain. Warp factor one. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Ordinarily, under these circumstances, I would recommend a  large, well-armed landing party.  He also mentioned that they can be highly dangerous.  Inefficient, however. Emotion, Captain.  It would appear, Captain, that he finds you a disappointment. [Teer's tent] (A middle-aged man sits on a throne, surrounded by  his guards.)  Our check-in signal is one hour, twelve minutes overdue. Since  no reconnaissance party has appeared, and since Mister Scott is notably  efficient in such matters  That would seem a logical conclusion.  Yes, Captain, an excellent idea.  But a defensible entrance, Captain.  The walls get higher and narrower, but there is a way out.  There is enough loose rock and shale.  Only a very slight chance it would work.  Captain, I didn't say that exactly.  (The Capellans are getting close to the canyon entrance.)  The sound beams should produce a sympathetic vibration on the  weak area of that slide.  (The party is led by Maab, who senses something is wrong but keeps  coming forward until the  rock face explodes. Kras hides but other Capellans are crushed by the  falling boulders. When the dust starts to clear, Kras takes the  Federation phasers from a wounded Capellan then kills him with his own  knife. The remaining members of the posse move on.)  There would seem to be little weapon potential at hand.  Fortunately, this bark has suitable tensile cohesion.  I believe I said that.  (A baby cries offscreen.)  I would rather, I would rather not. Thank you.  That should prove very interesting. [Bridge] The child?  Virtue is a relative term, Doctor. She'll head straight to the  warriors.  Here, Captain. Over here, Captain. (into communicator as Kirk  joins him.) Spock to Enterprise.  If by that you mean we can't expect help from the Enterprise, I  must agree.  The Klingon?  Revenge, Captain?  Oochy-woochy coochy-coo, Captain?  Well, at any rate, this should prove interesting.  When the woman starts explaining how the new high teer is  actually Doctor McCoy's child.  Nor does Doctor McCoy.  Oochy-woochy coochy-coo. Oochy-woochy coochy-coo. [Bridge] The child's regent?  The child was named Leonard James Akaar?  I think you're both going to be insufferably pleased with  yourselves for at least a month, sir. 
Dust. Apparently these instruments have not  been recently used.  At that rate, it will take exactly seventy  four point one solar hours for the storm to pass.  Remember, Captain, what we see on this tape happened  approximately three months ago.  Negative, Captain. It doesn't register.  (Spock disappears, then McCoy.)  Exactly one two one point three two metres beneath the planet  surface, Captain.  Residual energy readings indicate we were beamed here by a  matter-energy scrambler, similar to our own transporter mechanism.  Captain, picking up a life-form reading bearing four two mark  seven.  Negative. Although humanoid, it is definitely not Homo Sapiens.  Impossible. I can make no exact identification other than it  being humanoid.  Approaching the life-form, Captain.  Still undistinguishable.  (A light reveals a young woman lying on what might be a bed, which is  itself on a stepped platform. McCoy moves towards her.)  The sand-bats of Manark Four appear to be inanimate rock  crystals, Doctor, until they attack.  (She wakes, using big gestures, and mimes her fear of Kirk's phaser.)  From what we know of the specific gravity and other  environmental factors of this planet, a life-form such as hers could  not evolve here.  (They put their phasers away.)  An unlikely possibility, Captain, since over ninety eight  percent of the known telepathic species send thoughts as well as  receive them. She's made no attempt to contact our minds.  Gem, Doctor?  Correct, Captain.  (Spock goes off, scanning with his tricorder.)  Captain, in that direction, my tricorder is now picking up a  substantial collection of objects.  Electronically sophisticated devices. I fail to understand why  my tricorder previously gave no indication of them being out there.  Fascinating.  Readings indicate the passage to the surface lies in this  direction.  (As they head off, Lal wakes up and watches them go. He is joined by  the other alien.)  [Planet surface] (A strong wind is blowing as they emerge from a  cave.)  Research station six kilometres in that direction, Captain.  Just ahead.  I believe they were never actually present, Doctor. It was a  mirage.  (Gem gestures to them to go back with her.)  Captain, it was a mirage.  Captain, I request permission to be allowed  Doctor, I'm unable to lock in on the previous readings. I can  find no exit out of here.  (A flash, Gem and a clothed but unconscious Kirk appear, along with the  forcefield to restrain McCoy and Spock.)  Her withdrawal seemed to suggest the fear of death, Doctor. Only  your urging her on caused her to continue.  Can you recall what happened, Captain?  Captain, I noted that a light preceded you at the moment you  were returned here from the Vian's laboratory.  I conclude such a light is an energy transfer point linking this  device to the power source.  (Spock refers to the hand device they took off Lal.)  If I can determine the frequency at which this device operates,  I might be able to cause it to function for us.  I would say so.  I do not know, Captain. I'm beginning to understand its  operating principles, but that is all.  Some men spend the majority of their lives in mines beneath the  surface.  I've recorded my principles and theories on the tricorder,  Doctor. Should the Vians return, there is sufficient data for you and  the captain to complete the adjustments.  Possibly not, but you and the captain together will be able to  do so.  How long will he be asleep, Doctor?  I'm not criticizing your action, Doctor. On the contrary, I'm  quite grateful for it. The captain will be spared the strain of making  so difficult a decision. You have simplified the situation  considerably.  While the captain is asleep, I am in command. When the Vians  return, I shall go with them.  Precisely. The choice would have been the captain's. Now it is  mine.  (McCoy turns away. Spock sits to carry on working. Gem puts her hand on  Spock's shoulder, and smiles. McCoy comes up behind him and gives him  an injection.)  Your action is highly unethical. My decision stands.  (Spock falls asleep next to Kirk.)  I was convinced in the same way you were, Captain. By the good  doctor's hypo.  Hmm. A most unusual device. It is a control unit, but not a  control mechanism. In fact, it is not a mechanical device.  This control is attuned to one electrical pattern of energy, the  pattern produced by the mental impulses of the person who possesses it.  It is activated solely by mental commands.  I shall attempt to do so. However, it is not possible to adjust  the control to fit more than one pattern at a time. I am, of course,  most familiar with my own pattern. Therefore, with your permission, I  Fascinating. They must have known we were capable of  comprehending this control and making use of it.  The only logical assumption is that they wish to let us go.  That is evidently their intention, Captain.  Indeed, the facts would indicate that she's essential to their  purpose.  Completed, Captain. The adjustments are delicate. They may not  survive more than even one use. However, there should be sufficient  energy to transfer us to the Enterprise.  If you so desire.  Severe heart damage. Signs of congestion in both lungs. Evidence  of massive circulatory collapse.  He's dying, Jim. We can make him comfortable, but that is all.  Internal injuries. Bleeding in the chest and abdomen.  Haemorrhage of the spleen and liver. Seventy percent kidney failure.  It could happen anytime.  I'm afraid not.  Uncertain, Captain. Dr. McCoy's analysis of her reaction assumes  that her instinct for self-preservation would prevent it. However, we  cannot be positive.  What purpose can be served by the death of our friend, except to  bring you pleasure? Surely beings as advanced as yourselves know that  your star system will soon be extinct. Your sun will nova.  Then you also know that the millions of inhabitants on its  planets are doomed.  You were correct, Captain. Everything that has occurred here has  been caused to happen by them. This has all been a great laboratory,  and we have been the subjects of the test.  Captain, Dr. McCoy's life is not solely dependent on Gem. The  Vians too must be capable of saving his life.  Captain?  The intensity of emotion is draining us and building up the  force field.  It draws its energy from us, Captain. In spite of what we see,  all emotion must be suppressed. That might weaken the field.  It is complete. Gem has earned the right of survival for her  planet. She offered her life.  What is puzzling you, Captain?  Captain, the element of chance can virtually be eliminated by a  civilisation as advanced as the Vians.  Possibly, Captain. I shall certainly give the thought all the  consideration it is due. 
Eleven years, four months, five days.  Captain Pike, may I remain for a moment? (flash, the others  leave) You know why I've come, Captain. It's only six days away at  maximum warp and I have it well-planned. (flash, flash) I have never  disobeyed your orders before, Captain, but this time I must. (flash,  flash)  I know. I know it is treachery and it's mutiny. but I must do this.  (flash, flash) I have no choice. (flash, flash)  [Mendez' office] I have security clearance, Chief.  This is Mister Spock. [Bridge] The ship's computers will handle the  helm on this voyage, Mister Hansen. Course will be computed and set  automatically. [Starbase Computer Centre] You will not discuss this with ship's crew  or starbase personnel. Do you read?  [Bridge] Stand by. We'll warp out of orbit in one  hour.  [Mendez' office] The Enterprise knows where she's going, Mister Hansen.  Maintain radio silence, Lieutenant. This is First Officer Spock.  Per Starfleet orders this date, I have been placed in temporary command  of the Enterprise. While our destination is secret, our mission is  relatively simple. Starbase Command has assigned Captain Kirk medical  rest leave until our return. His instructions are that you will obey my  orders as you would his. First Officer out.  And no one from the ship made such a call.  Doctor, I regret they elected to keep certain things from you.  Will you come with me, please.  [Pike's quarters] Doctor, one moment, please.  Take no action, Mister Hansen.  You have your orders, Mister Hansen. We'll make no contact.  [Shuttlecraft] Lock on to sensors. Measure object now following the Enterprise.  Stop. How long before shuttlecraft's fuel supply forces return  to starbase?  Computer control. Lock on to shuttlecraft following us.  Go to tape Abel Seven Baker. Execute instructions.  This is the First Officer speaking. Security, send an armed team  to the Bridge. Transporter Room, stand by to beam Captain Kirk aboard.  Effective until then, Lieutenant Hansen is in operational command.  First Officer out. Doctor, as senior officer present, I present  myself to you for arrest.  The charge is mutiny, Doctor. I never received orders to take  command.  Doctor.  Adequate, Doctor. I'll make no trouble.  Sir, I waive counsel. Further, I waive rights to this hearing  and request immediate court-martial.  May I inquire on what grounds, Captain?  Sir, I must point out that there are three officers of command  rank available. Yourself, Commodore Mendez, and Captain Christopher  Pike.  I believe you'll find he's still on the active duty list.  I am.  Are your comments a part of the record, sir?  Thank you. Request monitor screen be engaged.  To comply with the request you just made, sir, that I explain  the importance of going to Talos Four.  This is thirteen years ago. The Enterprise and its commander,  Captain Christopher Pike.  Definitely something out there, Captain, headed this  way.  I cannot tell you at this time, sir.  Unless the court asks a prisoner why, Commodore. You did ask  that question.  As I stated, gentlemen, this was thirteen years ago. We were on  routine patrol when the ship's sensors detected something ahead. At  first we were not certain what it was.  Their call letters check with a survey expedition. S.S. Columbia  disappeared in that region approximately eighteen years ago.  Records show the Talos group has never been explored. Solar  system similar to Earth, eleven planets. Number four seems to be Class  M, oxygen atmosphere.  We aren't going to go, to be certain?  Mister Spock here. We're intercepting a follow-up  message, sir. There are crash survivors on Talos.  [Bridge] Captain, please tell the court this is not imagination, nor some  clever photographic record. Are we seeing the actual events of thirteen  years ago? (flash) Yes, gentlemen. On that screen as it happened, the  incredible experience of Captain Christopher Pike on Talos Four. If,  after witnessing this, the court wishes to turn this vessel back, I  will release this ship to manual control.  Preliminary lab survey ready, sir.  Yes, sir.  Spock here.  There is no survivors' encampment, Number One. This  is all some sort of trap. We've lost the Captain. Do you read?  Are coming from Talos Four, sir.  The Commodore must be aware that Captain Kirk knew nothing of  this.  Sir, I respectfully decline.  Captain, Jim, please don't stop me. Don't let him stop me. It's  your career and Captain Pike's life. You must see the rest of the  transmission. 
Odd. The expression on that man's face. The mindlessness. Vacant  contentment.  Evidently they're not prepared to deal with out right  disobedience. How did you know?  Your analysis seems logical.  Fascinating. This is merely a hollow tube, Captain. No  mechanism.  Totally illogical. Yesterday, without apparent cause or reason,  they wrought total havoc. Yet today, now  Telepathy, Captain.  (The people pick up weapons from the debris in the street.)  Amazing in this culture.  It took a very advanced technology to construct a device like  this. Inconsistent with this environment  Strong power generations, Captain. Near here, but radiating in  all directions.  An underground? How are you organised?  Powerful enough to destroy a starship? Affirmative.  Captain.  Sensor beams, very strong. We're being probed. In this  direction.  Block them out.  Too strong, Captain. Can't be blocked.  Projection, Captain. Unreal.  He doesn't hear you, Captain.  Where's Doctor McCoy?  I should say they've been here and been removed.  Evidently a maximum security establishment. Are you armed?  The natural result of being subjected to a hypersonic.  Sound waves. Stronger, they might have killed us. As it was,  they merely rendered us unconscious.  We shouldn't depend on that happening again, Captain. In a  society as well organised as this one seems to be, I cannot conceive of  such an oversight going uncorrected. Interesting, however. Their  reaction to your defiance was remarkably similar to the reaction of a  computer when fed insufficient or contradictory data.  Quite human, Captain. It's simply that all the facts are not yet  in. There are gaps.  (The door opens, and a Lawgiver escorts McCoy and O'Neil in, then  leaves them again.)  Like Sulu.  You've been corrected, Captain. You'd better go.  Doctor McCoy, what will happen to him?  Impossible. He's under extremely powerful control.  Little else we can do, unless you can think of a way to get  through that door.  And apparently commanding powers far beyond our comprehension.  Not simple, not ridiculous. Very, very dangerous.  (The door opens and this time the stave is pointed at Spock.)  What about the Captain?  We are not Archons, Marplon.  Where is Reger?  Who is Landru?  Joy be with you. Peace and contentment. [Prison] Captain.  Quite all right. Be careful of Doctor McCoy.  I am formulating a theory, Captain.  Not here. The doctor.  This is a soulless society, Captain. It has no spirit, no spark.  All is indeed peace and  tranquillity. The peace of the factory, the tranquillity of the  machine. All parts working in unison.  Until new orders are received. The question is, who gives those  orders?  There is no Landru, Captain, not in the human sense.  Sir?  Captain, our Prime Directive of non-interference.  Captain.  Spock to Enterprise. status report. [Bridge] Report, Scott. [Bridge] Captain. (gives him a phaser)  KIRK; All right. About Landru.  Useless, Captain. A projection.  A machine. This whole society is a machine's concept of  perfection. Peace, harmony.  The good of the Body, Captain. That's the key.  Are you aiding the body, or are you destroying it?  Not necessary, Captain. They have no guidance. Possibly for the  first time in their lives.  Then the body dies. Creativity is necessary for the health of  the Body.  What's left of him, after he built and programmed this machine  six thousand years ago.  Marvellous.  The late Landru, Captain. A marvellous feat of engineering. A  computer capable of directing the lives of millions of human beings.  Predictably metaphysical. I prefer the concrete, the graspable,  the provable.  That is very kind of you, Captain.  How often mankind has wished for a world as peaceful and secure  as the one Landru provided. 
A good empirical research scientist. Steady, reputable,  occasionally brilliant.  I have no information on that, Captain. We are ready to leave  orbit.  Ready to resume course, Captain.  What kind? Personnel? Cargo?  How did you know this lady was coming  aboard?  May I inquire as to our course, Captain?  Benecia Colony is eight light years off our course.  We'll arrive stardate 2825.3, Captain, approximately fifteen  hundred Benecia time.  (Kirk goes over to Spock's station and throws a few switches)  Captain.  He came up from engineering, Captain.  Any explanation? He's a fine young officer. He's bound to  consider this transfer a disciplinary action.  Spare me your philosophical metaphors, Doctor. The Captain is  acting strangely. I'm asking if you've noticed.  My father's race was spared the dubious benefits of alcohol.  It occurred. I dismissed it.  Did you know that he suddenly transferred Lieutenant Riley to  engineering?  No, thank you.  Full personal dossiers on the following names. Doctor Thomas  Leighton, Anton Karidian, Lieutenant Kevin Riley, and Captain James T.  Kirk.  Correlate. Check their past histories. Report any item, any past  episode or experience they all have in common.  I will continue, Doctor. According to our library banks, it  started on the Earth colony of Tarsus Four, when the food supply was  attacked by an exotic fungus and largely destroyed. There were over  eight thousand colonists and virtually no food. And that was when  Governor Kodos seized full power and declared emergency martial law.  You may not have heard it all. Kodos began to separate the  colonists. Some would live, be rationed whatever food was left. The  remainder would be immediately put to death. Apparently he had his own  theories of eugenics.  Perhaps not. But he was certainly among the most ruthless, to  decide arbitrarily who would survive and who would not, using his own  personal standards, and then to implement his decision without mercy.  Children watching their parents die. Whole families destroyed. Over  four thousand people. They died quickly, without pain, but they died.  Relief arrived, but too late to prevent the executions. And Kodos?  There never was a positive identification of his body.  His history begins almost to the day where Kodos disappeared.  He'd better. There were nine eye witnesses who survived the  massacre, who'd actually seen Kodos with their own eyes. Jim Kirk was  one of them.  With the exception of Riley and Captain Kirk, every other eye witness  is dead. And my library computer shows that wherever they were, on  Earth, on a colony, or aboard ship, the Karidian Company of Players was  somewhere near when they died.  You've got to pull him through.  If he dies, the only one who'll be able to identify Kodos is the  Captain. And he'll be the next target. Captain's log, stardate 2819.1. Ship's officer  Riley's condition worsening. Doctor McCoy making lab analysis to  determine cause and antidote. Entire crew deeply concerned. [McCoy's office] Someone tried to poison him.  I don't believe that and neither do you. I want the Captain to  see that report.  Now. [Captain's quarters] Can we predict the same for you, Captain?  Lieutenant Riley was a witness. So were you.  Someone tried to kill him.  You should be told the difference between empiricism and  stubbornness, Doctor. I checked with the library computer, just as you  did. I got the same information.  Is my personal business when it might interfere with the smooth  operation of this ship.  It could happen.  Even in this corner of the galaxy, Captain, two plus two equals  four. Almost certainly an attempt will be made to kill you. Why do you  invite death?  He is.  Logic, Captain. Doctor Leighton was murdered while the Karidian  Company was on Planet Q. Now an attempt has been made against Riley  while the company is on board the Enterprise.  Shh. Listen. Do you hear it? That low hum.  On overload. (starts searching)  You can't stay.  Evacuate this section. Seal it off. Clear  section C4 and C5.  (In Kirk's quarters the noise gets louder, and finally he sees the  phaser silhouetted against the Red Alert light high in a bulkhead. He  gets it, dashes into the corridor and drops it into a convenient  pressure waste disposal unit directly opposite. Spock returns in time  for the bang that throws them against the opposite wall)  [Karidian's quarters] I believe we have a match, Captain.  Ready to leave Benecia orbit, Captain. 
In view of code seven-ten, Captain, may I suggest  We know very little about them. Their  civilisation is advanced. They've had space flight for several  centuries, but they've never ventured beyond their own solar system.  When first contacted more than fifty years ago, Eminiar Seven was at  war with its nearest neighbour.  The Earth expedition making the report failed to return from its  mission. The USS Valiant. Listed as missing in space.  Transporter room standing by, Captain.  We've selected a site which from the traffic seems to be near an  official establishment.  No hostility directed toward us. No apparent notice taken of us  at all, which seems strange. They did scan us when we assumed orbit.  Obviously, they know we're here.  Screens down, but all defensive details on general alert status,  Captain.  Sir, we have completely scanned your planet. We find it highly  advanced, prosperous in a material sense, comfortable for your people,  and peaceful in the extreme. Yet you say you are at war. There is no  evidence of this.  With whom are you at war?  Strange.  Are these attacks frequent?  None, Captain. Yeoman Tamula.  Tricorder readings. Radiation. Disturbances of any kind.  (She scans the area)  Computers, Captain. They fight their war with computers.  Totally.  Then the attack by Vendikar was theoretical.  There is a certain scientific logic about it.  I do not approve. I understand.  Limited telepathic abilities are inherent in Vulcanians,  Captain. It may work. It may not.  My pleasure, Captain.  I understand.  An entrance, Captain, but no exit. They go in, but they do not  come out.  So I would assume.  (They move forward carefully and meet - )  Sir, there's a multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.  (He neck-pinches him, as the rest just stare. They now have two  weapons. Spock rejoins Kirk.)  We captured four of their disrupter-type weapons, two complete  outfits of male clothing, and perhaps most important of all, one of  their communication devices.  Not at this time. Its range is restricted in comparison with  ours. I may be able to alter its components, but it will take time.  Spock to Enterprise, come in. [Bridge] Is the ship all right?  The Captain is overdue. We've suffered no casualties among us.  This is important. Under no circumstances shall any one beam down from  the Enterprise. They'd be killed the moment they arrived. [Bridge] The Ambassador? [Bridge] Orbit out to maximum phaser range and stand  by for further orders. Spock out.  Find the Ambassador and the Captain. Yeoman Tamula, you stay  here and prevent this young lady from immolating herself. Knock her  down if necessary. This is a killing situation. Do what you must to  protect yourself. Clear?  Please, Mister Fox. Ladies and gentlemen, please move quickly  away from the chamber or you may be injured.  Practicing a peculiar variety of diplomacy, sir.  (He uses the disrupter to destroy the disintegration chamber)  I'll take you to a place of comparative safety, then I must find  the Captain.  By now, Mister Ambassador, I'm sure you realise that normal  diplomatic procedures are ineffective here.  Very well, sir. We need all the help we can get. [Council Room] I had assumed you needed help. I see I'm in error.  At the moment contact is broken, it abrogates the agreement  between the two warring parties.  This one's the key. The circuit is now locked. Destroy this one,  and they'll all go.  There's a chance it may work, Captain.  Captain, you took a big chance.  A feeling is not much to go on.  Captain, you almost make me believe in luck. 
I shall be interested in hearing your description, Captain.  Lieutenant Uhura.  Do we have final clearance from Gideon? [Bridge] May I have them, please?  Eight seven five.  Zero two zero.  Zero seven nine.  Energising.  (Kirk dematerialises, then re-appears - in an empty transporter room.)  Put it on the screen.  This is Mister Spock, Ambassador Hodin. Captain Kirk was  transported down minutes ago.  I transported him myself.  He was beamed directly to your council chambers. Please verify  your co-ordinates.  I am not questioning that, sir. [Council chamber] I do not deny that, sir. I am not attempting  to blame your personnel.  Your Excellency, even with intricate machinery as delicately  balanced as ours, there is still a margin for error which must be dealt  with. [Council chamber] It is possible that Captain Kirk  materialised on some other part of Gideon.  Your Excellency. May I cut right to the heart of the matter? I  request permission to beam down to conduct a search for our captain. [Council chamber] Your Excellency, the wars between opposing star systems no  longer prevail in our galaxy. If you will grant permission  We must acknowledge once and for all that the purpose of  diplomacy is to prolong a crisis.  We are representatives of the Federation, Doctor.  Unfortunately, diplomacy is the only channel available to us at  the moment. The planet is shielded from our sensors, therefore we  cannot scan it. Therefore we are unable to select co-ordinates. They  must be provided by Gideon.  We did not, Mister Chekov. The Federation did. Lieutenant Uhura.    Contact Starfleet immediately. Explain our problem. Request  permission to use every means at our disposal to press the search for  Captain Kirk.  There are endless, Mister Chekov.  Institute a sensor scan three hundred and sixty degrees, one  degree at a time.  Then the sooner you begin, the better.  Lieutenant Uhura, has Starfleet honoured our  request with a reply?  Did you advise them the captain's life is at stake?  What department?  Contact them directly.  Diplomats and bureaucrats may function differently, but they  achieve exactly the same results.  [Empty Bridge] (Kirk checks the ship's chronometer on the  helm/navigation console- it reads 9h 28m 29s)  But that is not what we requested.  Your record on the subject is not precise, Your  Excellency.  Your Excellency, a dispute is the farthest thing  from our minds, and there's no need to check your records.  I merely suggest that the language of our statement may not have been  understood exactly as intended.  True, Your Excellency.  Your Excellency, I am basically a scientist.  Clarity of formulation is essential in my profession also. [Council chamber] Yes, Your Excellency. [Council chamber] Yes, Your Excellency. [Council chamber] I apologise for the noise, your Excellency. To summarise, I  request permission to transport down to Gideon. [Council chamber] Mister Scott, you'll go to the transporter room and await my  orders.  Yes, Your Excellency. The ship's engineer  was explaining that the malfunction, which did exist, has now been  repaired. We would appreciate an opportunity to test the equipment. I,  therefore, request permission [Council chamber] To beam down to your council chamber.  Your Excellency, grant this one request. [Council chamber] Thank you, Your Excellency. Your proposal is  accepted. Mister Scott.  Prepare to beam aboard a representative of the Gideon council.  Co-ordinates.  Your Excellency, your assistant has arrived  safely, and I am now ready to transport down to Gideon.  Sir, our captain is still missing, and I now demand that I be  allowed to transport to Gideon as we agreed.  Mister Scott, beam down the gentleman from Gideon.  SCOTT; Yes, Mister Spock. I'm sending him straight to the same  co-ordinates.  Do not give up hope. Lieutenant Uhura, contact Starfleet  Command. Demand an immediate reply to our request for permission to  beam down to Gideon.  Admiral, the crew will not understand it.  We wish only to save the life of the captain.  I am positive that I can do so to your satisfaction, Admiral. I  have been convinced, since my first exchange with the ambassador, that  the captain has been taken prisoner.  I now know where the captain is being held, if he is being held  at the same place to which we transported him.  Sir, the captain is not being held in the Gideon council  chamber. He is being held nearby.  Since the planet is shielded from our sensors, we cannot  establish that without on the spot investigation.  Admiral, I wish to state for the record that your decision is  completely arbitrary.  They did not ask for our understanding, Doctor.  Unfortunately, I must violate a direct order from Starfleet.  I do not make it lightly, Doctor. However, Command knows that  Ambassador Hodin has not been totally honest with us. Lieutenant Uhura,  repeat original Gideon co-ordinates for beam down.  Mister Scott, the co-ordinates given you?  Precisely. I shall beam down at once. Mister Scott, you have the  conn.  Negative, Doctor. I cannot accept the responsibility for  ordering a fellow officer to violate a Starfleet directive. I can make  such a decision only for myself.  The situation forces me to do so, Doctor.  This will not take long.  (Spock leaves)  (into intercom) Captain Kirk. Spock here.  Captain Kirk?  (He goes out into the corridor, scanning with his tricorder.) [Council chamber] An exact duplicate of the Enterprise. But  completely inoperative. (into communicator) Spock to Enterprise. Spock  to Enterprise.  I am speaking to you from the bridge of the Enterprise. [Bridge] On the bridge of the Enterprise, Mister Scott.  And they were correct. I'm on board an exact  duplicate of the Enterprise. [Bridge] In orbit, Doctor. In a manner of speaking,  Gideon is in orbit and the ship is on Gideon. [Bridge] I'm sure he's on board somewhere. I'm  picking up life readings. Spock out.  Ship's log, stardate 5423.8. First Officer Spock  reporting. Obviously the Gideon's have transported Captain Kirk onto  this replica of the Enterprise to so confuse his mind as to make him  susceptible to some extraordinary experiment. It is my intention to  locate the captain and warn him before the experiment reaches its  conclusion, which logic indicates means the end of the captain's life  as he knows it.  [Captain's quarters] Your Excellency. Captain, you're looking well. Evidently  Starfleet's analysis was correct.  Spock to Enterprise. Spock to Enterprise. [Bridge] Three to beam up, Mister Scott. [Captain's quarters] Negative. Lock in on my communicator signal. Your Excellency,  please do not interfere. I already have one serious problem to resolve  with upper echelons.  (Spock, Kirk and Odona are beamed away.)  [Sickbay]
Strange. Readings indicate a life form in the vicinity,  apparently human. Yet ship's sensors indicated this planet was  uninhabited.  Did you say your planet, sir?  Mister Flint, unless you are certain, I would suggest you  refrain from a most useless experiment.  Are you a student of history, sir?  Then you live here alone.  It would seem logical to do so for the moment.  This is the most splendid private collection of art I've ever  seen, and the most unique. The majority are the works of Leonardo da  Vinci, Renaissance period, some of the works of Reginald Pollack, 20th  century, and even a sten from Marcus Two. [Sitting room] Thank you, Doctor. I will have a brandy.  If I appear distracted, it is because of what I have seen. I am  close to experiencing an unaccustomed emotion.  Envy. None of these da Vinci paintings has ever been catalogued  or reproduced. They are unknown works, all apparently authentic to the  last brush stroke and use of materials. As undiscovered da Vinci’s,  they would be priceless.  Most strange. A man of Flint's obvious wealth and impeccable  taste scarcely needs to hang fakes. Yet my tricorder analysis indicates  that the canvas and pigments used are of contemporary origin.  Indeed. I would appreciate such a talk. It is an interest of  mine.  Irillium will render the antitoxin inert and useless.  Captain. Something else which is rather extraordinary. This  waltz I just played is by Johannes Brahms.  Captain, it is written in manuscript. In original manuscript, in  Brahms' own hand, which I recognise. It is totally unknown, definitely  the work of Brahms, and yet unknown.  Fortunately, the robot did not detect my presence and deactivate  my phaser. [Living room] Fascinating.  Since we are dependent on Mister Flint for the ryetalyn,  Captain, may I respectfully suggest that you pay less attention to the  young lady if you should encounter her again. Our host's interests do  not appear to be confined to art and science.  Strongly indicated.  It does appear to defy the male logic as I understand it.  We have still a greater mystery, Captain. I was able to run a  tricorder scan on Mister Flint. He is human, but there are certain  biophysical peculiarities. Some body function readings are  disproportionate. For one thing, extreme age is indicated on the order  of six thousand years.  I shall programme the readings through Doctor McCoy's medical  computer when we return to the ship.  We must commence ryetalyn injections within two hours and  eighteen minutes or the epidemic will prove fatal to us all.  The delay may be deliberate.  Most interesting. Our host appears to wish us to  linger, yet he is apprehensive. It is logical to assume that we are  being monitored and that he is aware of our every move.  (Flint turns off the screen)  Captain, I would suggest that our immediate concern is the  ryetalyn.  Interesting. Obviously, Mister Flint is not yet ready for us to  depart.  The captain wanted us to wait here. [Living room] Picking up tricorder readings, Captain. Apparently the ryetalyn  is behind this door.  Captain, I shall get the ryetalyn.  There may be dangers within.  Let me go alone, Captain.  Your collection of Leonardo da Vinci masterpieces, Mister Flint,  they appear to have been recently painted  on contemporary canvas with contemporary materials. And on your piano,  a waltz by Johannes Brahms, an unknown work in manuscript, written in  modern ink. Yet absolutely authentic, as are your paintings.  And da Vinci?  How many other names shall we call you?  You were born?  Your wealth and your intellect are the product of centuries of  acquisition. You knew the greatest minds in history.  You wanted a perfect, ultimate woman, as brilliant, as immortal  as yourself. Your mate for all time.  I had hoped I was wrong.  We have discovered what he is, Captain.  We can remain silent.  What will you feel for him after we are gone?  Captain, your primitive impulses will not alter the  circumstances.  No, you're not, for she is not.  (Flint thumps Kirk, then repeatedly throws him across the room)  Gentlemen, I urge you to stop. There is a danger.  She loved you, Captain. And you, too, Mister Flint, as a mentor,  even as a father. There was not enough time for her to adjust to the  awful power and contradictions of her new-found emotions. She could not  bear to hurt either of you.  The joys of love made her human, and the agonies of love destroyed her.  [Kirk's quarters] The epidemic is reduced and no longer a threat. The Enterprise  is on course five one three mark seven, as you ordered.  Your report, Doctor.  On that day, I shall mourn. Does he know?  Indeed.  Goodnight, Doctor.  Forget. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
It is definitely the stolen space cruiser, Captain, the Aurora.  I read six aboard.  I read no evidence of malfunction.  Their engines are seriously overheating, Captain.  Power approaching critical. They cannot continue.  Power beyond critical. Explosion is  imminent.  (The little ship glows red)  Captain, with your permission  One.  One is the beginning.  I am not Herbert.  If you will state your purpose and your objectives, perhaps we  can arrive at a mutual understanding.  I would prefer that you state it.  What is your destination?  Yes, Captain.  Yes, Captain.  (Chekov leaves)  Many myths are based on truth, Captain, and they are not  unintelligent. Their leader, Doctor Sevrin, is a man  Yes. A brilliant research engineer in the fields of acoustics,  communications and electronics on Tiburon. He was dismissed from his  post when he started this movement. Tong Rad inherits his father's  extraordinary abilities in the field of space studies.  There are many who are uncomfortable with what we have created.  It is almost a biological rebellion. A profound revulsion against the  planned communities, the programming, the sterilised, artfully balanced  atmospheres. They hunger for an Eden where spring comes.  Yes, that is true, Captain.  It is not sympathy so much as curiosity, Captain. A wish to  understand. They regard themselves as aliens in their own worlds, a  condition with which I am somewhat familiar.  It is somewhat uncomplimentary, Captain. Herbert was a minor  official notorious for his rigid and limited patterns of thought.  I shall make an attempt, Captain.  Yes, sir.  Captain's log, stardate 5832.5. The arrogance of  Doctor Sevrin and his followers is creating an intolerable situation  aboard the Enterprise. If it continues, I値l be forced to use controls  which might not agree with Starfleet's suggestion that they be handled  with extreme tolerance. [Brig] They respect you. They will listen to your reasoning. For their  sake, you must stop them. Doctor Sevrin, I'm in a position to help you  and your group. I can use the resources of the Enterprise to determine  whether or not Eden actually exists and to plot its exact location. I  can present a case to Federation to allow you and your group to  colonise that planet. Neither you nor your people are at present  charged with a crime. However, incitement to disaffection is criminal.  The Federation will never allow the colonisation of a planet by  criminals. If they persist, they will be so charged and forever barred  from Eden.  Then you knew you were a carrier.  What I fail to understand is why you disobey those orders.  Your very presence will destroy the people you seek. Surely you  know that.  Yes, Doctor.  Yes, Doctor.  Doctor Sevrin is insane. I've not consulted  Doctor McCoy, but I have no doubt of it.  His condition does not affect my interest in the movement. There  is no insanity in what they seek. I made a promise which I should like  to keep. With your permission, I must locate Eden. I shall work in my  quarters. May I have the assistance of Mister Chekov in auxiliary  control?  Come in.  No.  If I understand you correctly, I believe the answer might be  yes.  I am not receiving, Mister Chekov. Spock to Chekov. Repeat,  I am not receiving.  He has the capability, Captain. [Auxiliary control] Negative.  Adam, there is a file on Doctor Sevrin in our computer banks. In  it you'll find a report attesting to the fact [Auxiliary control] That he is a carrier of a bacillus strain  known as Synthococcus novae.  You'll also find a report from the same  hospital, giving a full psychological profile on him and projecting  these actions of his. [Auxiliary control] Adam. You know I reach you. I believe in  what you seek. But there is a tragic difference between what you want  and what he wants. [Auxiliary control] We are within sensor range of Eden and  continuing to approach.  No, Captain, it hasn't stopped. It has gone beyond  (Now it affects Kirk. Scott is already unconscious)  Captain, they're using  (All over the ship, people fall to the floor)  [Auxiliary control] (in pain) Captain, go. I. You must destroy the  Ultrasonics. The panel. [Auxiliary control] (Kirk staggers into the room and turns off the  sound)  Negative, Captain. However I am picking up the shuttlecraft.  It has landed. Except for those aboard the craft, I read no life  at all, either humanoid nor animal.  The legends were true, Captain. Fantastically beautiful planet.  Captain.  (Our young minstrel is spread out on the ground, a half-eaten fruit  beside him)  His name was Adam.  Spock to Enterprise.  Stand by to beam aboard injured parties. Medical team to the  transporter room.  Miss Galliulin. It is my sincere wish that you do not give up  your search for Eden. I have no doubt but that you will find it, or  make it yourselves. 
Captain. They will not answer. The long-range sensor sweep of  this system reveals no sign of life.  I register no life readings at all, sir.  We would have known in advance of any system-wide catastrophe,  and in the event of an interplanetary war, there would be considerable  radioactive residue. Our instruments show only normal background  radiation.  Unknown, sir. Sensor readings would have revealed the presence  of any disease organisms. They do not. In addition, we received the  routine report from this system only a week ago. Even the Symbalene  blood burn does not act that swiftly.  An extremely powerful bolt of energy, Captain.  Temporarily, Captain. Our shields absorbed energy equivalent to  ninety of our photon torpedoes.  I may add, the energy used repulsing this first attack reduced  our shielding power twenty percent.  We can resist three more such attacks. The fourth will shatter  our shields completely.  Approximately warp fifteen, Captain.  Unknown, Captain. Nothing within sensor range. (a third bolt  approaching) Something now, Captain. Very small. Bearing one two three  degrees, mark one eight. Range ninety thousand kilometres.  No, sir. Holding steady.  No effect. Target absorbed full energy of our torpedo.  They are in good working order, Captain.  Captain, shields are down. We cannot survive another hit.  Computing now, Captain. Weight, five hundred kilograms. Shape,  roughly cylindrical. Length, a fraction over one metre.  Intelligence does not necessarily require bulk, Mister Scott.  Captain, this message is a sort of binary. Extremely  sophisticated, compressed, carrying several channels at once.  No clue as yet, Captain. A moment. Transmission speed has  stepped down. Much slower. Seems to be a single binary.  Fascinating.  It would seem so, Captain.  It's a formula, Captain. They're sending us a mathematical  message and requesting language equivalence. They're trying to  communicate.  Cut power, Lieutenant. Overloaded and burned out.  Nomad?  Negative, Captain. It has a protective screen. I cannot get  through.  A reasonable course.  It is reacting much like a highly sophisticated computer.  An opinion is a belief, a view, a judgment.  Yes. It was reported destroyed. There were no more in the  series. But if this is that probe  Chart 14A, sir?  I believe the history computer can answer that question. I'll  have the readout in a moment.  The usage is correct. The creator was simply testing your memory  banks.  I've correlated all the available information on the Nomad  probe, and I'm convinced that this object is indeed that probe.  True.  Presumed destroyed by a meteor collision. I submit that it was  badly damaged and somehow managed to repair itself.  This is the creator of Nomad, perhaps the  most brilliant though erratic scientist of his time. His dream was to  build a perfect thinking machine, capable of independent logic. You  recall his name.  Yes. Similar. Captain, I believe that Nomad thinks you are  Roykirk. That may well be why the attack was broken off. It responded  to your name as well as its damaged memory banks permitted.  Essentially it is, Doctor. I believe that more happened to it  than just damage in the meteor collision. It mentioned the other. The  unanswered question is, the other what?  Nomad was a thinking machine, the best that could be engineered. It was  a prototype.  Precisely, Doctor. And somehow that programming has been  changed. It would seem that Nomad is now seeking out perfect  life-forms, perfection being measured by its own relentless logic.  Captain, Mister Singh reports that Nomad is no longer in the  auxiliary control room.  That unit is a woman.  Nomad, I have arranged the tapes for flash feed at the top speed  of the computer. Please do not draw the information faster than the  machine's capacity.  Fascinating.  Well, Doctor?  Captain, if that is correct, if there has been no brain damage  but only knowledge erased, she could be re-educated.  Does the creator wish Nomad to wait elsewhere?  Doctor, I interrupted you because Nomad would not have  understood your anger. It has great technical skill, but its reaction  to emotion is unpredictable. It almost qualifies as a life-form.  The study of it would be of great use, Captain.  An almost human stubbornness, Captain. I have been unable to  convince Nomad to lower its screens for analysis. Without its  co-operation, I can do nothing.  Thank you.  It is not sufficient, Captain. I get certain  references to the accident, the other, but nothing clear. There are  areas I simply cannot scan.  Captain, I suggest the Vulcan mind probe.  It seems the only way.  There is a risk, but I have formed a partial hypothesis. I must  check it out.  I. Am. Nomad. I am performing my function. Deep emptiness, It  approaches. Collision. Damage. Blackness. I. Am. The other. I am Tan  Ru, Tan Ru. Nomad. Tan Ru. Error. Flaw. Imperfection. Must sterilise.  Rebirth. We are complete. Much power. Gun ta. Noo. Icka. Tan Ru. The  creator instructs. Search out. Identify. Sterilise imperfections. We  are Nomad.  We are Nomad. We are complete. We are instructed. Our purpose is clear.  Sterilise imperfections. (he lets go of Nomad) Sterilise imperfections.  Nomad. Sterilise. Sterilise. Nomad, sterilise,  Fascinating, Captain. The knowledge. The depth.  It was, it was damaged in deep space. Undoubtedly, the meteor  collision. Its memory banks were destroyed, or most of them. It  wandered without purpose, and then it met the other. The other was an  alien probe of great power. Somehow they merged,  repaired each other, became one.  Not the Nomad we lost from Earth. It took from the other a new  directive to replace its own. The other was originally programmed to  secure and sterilise soil samples from other planets, probably as a  prelude to colonisation.  I beg your pardon?  And that is the only thing that has saved us until now.  Yes.  (They leave. Nomad flies through the forcefield. The two guards fire  their phasers at it but it's screens are back up. Nomad zaps them into  oblivion.)  [Engineering] (Nomad floats in.)  Captain. I've examined the brig. The forcefield door on the  security cell is damaged and the guards have vanished. I must assume  they are dead.  I suspect it is about to re-evaluate its creator. Captain, it  may have been unwise to admit to Nomad that you are a biological unit.  In Nomad's eyes, you must now undoubtedly appear imperfect.  Even worse. Nomad just now made a reference to its launch point,  Earth.  I do not believe there is much beyond Nomad's capabilities.  It will find the Earth infested with imperfect biological units.    No response.  (The doors open and Nomad comes out.  Since it specifically examined your history, I suggest it has  completed its re-evaluation.  Undoubtedly.  Your logic was impeccable, Captain. We are in grave danger.  My congratulations, Captain. A dazzling  display of logic.  No, sir.  Remarkable.  The destruction of Nomad was a great waste, Captain. It was a  remarkable instrument.  Sir? 
Transporter room to Captain. [Transporter room] It appears we have accidentally intercepted someone's  transporter beam, Captain. [Bridge] It's incredibly powerful.  Captain, something is beaming aboard this  vessel. [Bridge] The beam is originating at least one  thousand light years away.  If what he says is true, Captain, every second we delay him  could be dangerous.  A most difficult decision, Captain.  Quite a lovely animal, Captain. I find myself strangely drawn to  it.  He did say his planet was hidden, Captain.  Current Earth crises would fill a tape bank, Captain. There will  be an important assassination today, an equally dangerous government  coup in Asia, and, this could be highly critical, the launching of an  orbital nuclear warhead platform by the United States countering a  similar launch by other powers.  Most definitely. Once the sky was full of orbiting H-bombs, the  slightest mistake could have brought one down by accident,  setting off a nuclear holocaust. [McCoy's office] He might be inclined to prepare a perfect one, Captain. But then  again he may be telling the truth.  Following him down is a major risk, Captain. If we ourselves do  anything that changes history  In here, Captain. (at door to main room)  Chances are he's out of sight inside the rocket gantry or at one  of the control centres.  Here, let me help you, Sergeant. It's operated with this dial  here.  (Neck pinches Lipton and Kirk gets to the communicator.)  I can try, Captain.  I can estimate some of this, Captain, but without more time  It is difficult to know which is best, Captain.  Without facts, the decision cannot be made logically. You must  rely on your human intuition.  Correction, Mister Seven. It appears we did not interfere. The  Enterprise was part of what was supposed to happen on this day in 1968.    (Suddenly Isis has transformed from a black cat to a dark haired woman  in a black outfit.)  And you'll be pleased our records show that it resulted in a new  and stronger international agreement against the use of such weapons.  Captain, we could say that Mister Seven and Miss Lincoln have  some interesting experiences in store for them.  Live long and prosper, Mister Seven. 
Our scanner survey was correct, Captain. There it is. Pure  tritanium.  Twenty one point four times as hard, to be exact.  We won't be able to break it, Captain. I'll phaser off a  specimen.  (He does so, and the smoke retreats.)  We're in the growing season in this hemisphere of this planet.  There are doubtless many pollen aromas.  Captain, dikironium exists only in laboratory experiments.  Rizzo's alive, barely.  You think you know what it was, Captain?  Spock here. Ready to leave orbit, Captain.  Spock again, Captain. Those medical supplies are  badly needed on planet Theta Seven. They are expecting us to get them  there on time.  Continuing scanning. Still no readings of life forms on the  planet.  You mentioned dikironium, Captain.  I've scanned for that element, Captain. There's no trace of  dikironium on the planet surface or in the atmosphere.  To hide from a sensor scan, it would have to be able to change  its molecular structure, like gold changing itself to lead or wood  changing itself to ivory.  Chekov, take over on scanner.  (As Spock steps into the turbolift, Garrovick steps out onto the  bridge.)  What was the size of the thing you saw, Ensign?  Composition?  Captain, scientifically  I hope I'm not disturbing you, Doctor.  I need your advice.  I do not understand your reasoning.  I do not joke, Doctor. Perhaps I should rephrase my statement. I  require an opinion. There are many aspects of human irrationality I do  not yet comprehend. obsession, for one. The persistent, single-minded  fixation on one idea.  Precisely. Have you studied the incident involving the USS  Farragut?  Fortunately, I read somewhat faster. In brief, Doctor, nearly  half the crew and the captain were annihilated. The captain's name was  Garrovick.  His father. Among the survivors was a young officer on his first  deep-space assignment, James T. Kirk. And there is still more. I  suggest you study this.  (Spock hands over a record tape.) [Kirk's quarters] (The Captain is lying on his bed, staring at the  ceiling)  Correctly phrased, Captain. As recommended in the manual. Our  reply, also as recommended, is, sir, we have noted in your recent  behaviour certain items, which, on the surface, seem unusual. We  respectfully ask permission to inquire further  Sir, the USS Yorktown is waiting now at the rendezvous point. It  carries perishable drugs  Creature, Captain?  You say you could sense its intelligence, Captain? How did it  communicate with you?  Obviously, Captain, if it is an intelligent creature, if it is  the same one, if it therefore is capable of space travel,  it could pose a great threat to inhabited planets.  We are barely closing in on it, Captain. We could be pursuing it  for days.  Conflicting data, Captain. It seems to be in a borderline state  between matter and energy. Elements of both. It could possibly use  gravitational fields for propulsion.  Extremely efficient, Captain. Whether that indicates  intelligence is another matter.  The deflectors will not stop it, Captain.  I should have surmised this. For the creature to be able to use  gravity as a propulsive force, it would have to have this capacity.  May I suggest that we no longer belabour the question of whether  or not we should have gone after the creature. The matter has now been  rendered academic. The creature is now after us.  It turned and attacked, Doctor. Its method was well-considered  and intelligent.  Impossible to tell, Captain, until I can make a closer survey of  the creature.  Captain, the creature's ability to throw itself out of time sync  makes it possible for it to be elsewhere in the instant the phaser  hits. There is therefore no basis for your self-recrimination. If you  had fired on time and on target eleven years ago,  it would have made no more difference than it did an hour ago. Captain  Garrovick would still be dead. The fault was not yours, Jim. In fact,  there was no fault.  Ensign, am I correct in my assumption that you've been disturbed  by what you consider to be a failure on your part? (a nod) I would like  you to consider that the hesitation for which you are blaming yourself  is an hereditary trait of your species.  When suddenly faced by the unknown or imminent danger, the human will  experience a split second of indecision. He hesitates.  Do I have your attention, Ensign?  I know you would prefer to wallow in emotion rather than  Kindness, Mr. Garrovick, is another human emotion, and I believe  we have enough of that. I simply would like you to accept the fact that  your reaction has its basis in physio. (suddenly stops and sniffs) Do  you smell something?  Get out of here! I'll attempt to seal it off.  (Spock literally throws Garrovick out into the corridor. He then goes  to the vent, but the damaged switch breaks off in his hand.)  [Corridor] Fortunately, neither of us is dead, Ensign. The reverse pressure  worked. The vent is closed.  My haemoglobin is based on copper, not iron.  Colloquially expressed, but essentially correct.  Do you believe you're in communication with the creature?  It was bearing one two seven mark nine, but I've lost it now.  It has changed course before to mislead us, Captain. Logic would  dictate that  I do not understand, Captain.  And you know where home is, Captain?  Precisely.  Doctor, evidence indicates the creature is here to spawn. If so,  it will reproduce by fission, not just into two parts, but thousands.  An ounce should be sufficient. We can drain it from the ship's  engines and transport it to the planet surface in a magnetic vacuum  field.  There is still one problem, Captain.  Exactly. A matter-antimatter blast will rip away half the  planet's atmosphere. If our vessel is in orbit and encounters those  shock waves  Also, we cannot be certain the transporter will operate under  those conditions. If a man is beaming up when that hits, we may lose  him.  Captain, there is so little hemoglobin in my green blood, the  creature could not harm me extensively. It therefore seems logical for  me to be the one  It will require two men to transport the antimatter unit.  Spock here, Captain.  Acknowledged.  Spock here, Captain. Holding at thirty  thousand kilometres. [Planet surface] Spock here.  Reset. Energise.  We are, Doctor. Cross-circuiting to A.  Cross-circuiting to B.  Mister Scott, there was no deity involved. It was my  cross-circuiting to B that recovered them. 
Configuration unidentified. Ion propulsion, high velocity,  though of a unique technology.  One. Humanoid or similar. Low level of activity. Life-support  systems functioning. Interior atmosphere, conventional nitrogen-oxygen.  Instruments indicate a transferal beam emanating from the area of the  humanoid life form.  Directed at the Bridge of the Enterprise, Captain.  Fascinating. Activity without end, but with no volition.  Captain? Captain Kirk?  Captain, there is a definite pleasurable experience  connected with the hearing of your voice.  Is that you, Doctor McCoy, and are you with the Captain?  Engineer Scott as well. Unfortunately, I do not know where  I am.  A practical idea, Captain. It seems unlikely that I shall  be able to get to you.  Yes, Captain, I am still here. Have you returned to the  Enterprise?  I am not certain. I seem to have a body which stretches  into infinity.  Then what am l?  Fascinating. It could explain much, Doctor. My medulla  oblongata is hard at work apparently breathing, apparently pumping  blood, apparently maintaining a normal physiologic temperature.  Why are you endangering your lives by coming here?  Back where?  Thoughtful, Captain, but probably impractical. While I  might trust the doctor to remove a splinter or lance a boil, I do not  believe he has the knowledge to restore a brain.  No denigration intended, Doctor McCoy. That skill does not  yet exist in the galaxy.  Captain, I appreciate the risks you are taking on my  behalf, but I must insist they are worthwhile only if there is a  reasonable chance for success. Let me ask you, how much time has  elapsed since  Doctor McCoy must've told you that twenty four hours is the  maximum my body can  It does seem all too brief a time to develop such skills,  does it not?  Acknowledged.  Yes, Captain.  I shall give it top priority.  (They walk along.)  Captain, I have an answer for you. It seems your pain bands  are manually controlled. The red button on a bracelet releases them. I  know that does not make much sense.  How very flattering.  Fascinating.  Indeed, Captain. That is unquestionably part of what I am  doing.  If I may explain, Captain. She refers to the tape  storehouse of knowledge of the builders of this place. I scan it. A  most impressive store.  It is a device with feeding circuits. They lead into the  mind of the priestess leader. Its use is strictly predetermined by the  builders.  (Kirk forces her into the helmet.)  She is an alien. The configurations of her brain are  different. It could cause irreparable damage to your human brain,  Doctor.  Captain, you might lose the doctor that way.  I cannot allow you to jeopardise your life for me.  (hoarse) Yes. Doctor McCoy.  If you will finish reconnecting my speech centre, I might be  able to help.  Yes. That's correct. One thing at a time. Ah, ah, mmm. (normal  voice) That's better. Now, Doctor. Try the sonic separator.  Yes, I believe I already have some sensation of feeling. Please  stimulate the nerve endings and observe the physical reactions, one by  one. In each case, I shall tell you when the probe is correct. You will  then seal using the tri-laser connector.  Ready.  (twitching) Correct.  Correct.  Correct. Very good, Doctor.  Congratulations, Doctor. And thank you.  On the whole, Captain, I believe I am quite fit. Fascinating. A  remarkable example of a retrograde civilisation. At the peak, advanced  beyond any of our capabilities and now operating at this primitive  level which you saw. And it all began thousands of years ago when a  glacial age reoccurred. This underground complex was developed for the  women. The men remained above, and a male-female schism took place. A  fascinating cultural development of a kind which never  (to Kara, amid laughter) As I was saying, a fascinating cultural  development of the kind which hasn't been seen in ages. The last such  occurrence took place on old Earth, when the Romans were warring with  the .... <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Enterprise. Spock here. [Jaris' home] Acknowledged. Co-ordinates received. [Jaris' home] Spock here, Captain. May I have a word with you?  Concerning the situation you related to us.  In my opinion, the Argelian empathic contact is an interesting  phenomenon, but the technique is not sound enough to risk a man's life.  [Jaris' home] Simply that we beam Mister Scott on board  the Enterprise and employ our computers to learn the truth. [Jaris' home] Quite clear, Captain. [Jaris' home] Anger is a relative state, sir. Were you angry enough to do  violence?  Sensitivity of certain Argelian women is a documented fact,  Captain.  To us, perhaps, but to the computer?  Computer, linguistic bank. Definition of following word. Redjac.    There is no such word in the linguistics bank?  Scan all other banks.  Define.  Humans and humanoids make up only a small percentage of the life  forms we know of. There are entities possessed of extremely long life  spans, virtually immortal.  In the strict scientific sense, Doctor, we all feed on death.  Even vegetarians.  Which would tend to support the proposition that the murderer  was not human. Deriving sustenance from emotion is not unknown in the  galaxy, and fear is among the strongest and most violent of the  emotions.  Computer, digest log recordings for past five solar minutes.  Correlate hypotheses. Compare with life forms register. Question. Could  such an entity within discussed limits exist in this galaxy?  Computer, extrapolate most likely composition of such entity.  Working. To meet with specified requirements, entity would exist  without form in conventional sense. Most probable mass of energy  of highly cohesive electromagnetic field.  I point out that Jack the Ripper slew at will in the heart of  the most populous city of old Earth  and was never identified.  I suggest the possibility of a hypnotic screen, which blinds all  but the victim to the presence of the killer.  And I suspect preys on women because women are more easily and  more deeply terrified, generating more sheer horror than the male of  the species.  Captain, those places are aligned directly between Argelius and  Earth.  I can appreciate your position, sir. You are in charge of civil  disturbances locally. If you are the entity for which we search, what  better position from which to kill with impunity?  An entity which feeds on fear and terror would find a perfect  hunting ground on Argelius, a planet without violence, where the  inhabitants are as peaceful as sheep. The entity would be as a hungry  wolf in that fold.  Computer. Report on analysis of Exhibit A.  Specify. Point of origin.  The computer will not respond to these controls. The entity is  unquestionably controlling it.  It's no use, Captain. The bypass circuits are blocked.  Indeed, it will try, but not immediately. We know it feeds on  fear and terror. There are nearly four hundred and forty humans aboard  this ship. Surely it will try to breed fear and terror before it kills.    Yes we do, Captain, but with the entity in control  Indeed. If we could focus the attention of the computer on one  of them.  Apparently our friends learned very quickly.  Freefall!  We don't have much time, Captain.  Normal environmental levels have been restored, Captain, but it  will not last long. A few hours at best.  Proceeding, Captain, but I will need some time.  It is attempting to generate terror, Captain.  Ready.  Computer, this is a Class A compulsory directive. Compute to the  last digit the value of pi.  As we know, the value of pi is a transcendental figure without  resolution. The computer banks will work on this problem to the  exclusion of all else until we order it to stop.  There is resistance, Captain, but the directive is succeeding.  Bank after bank is turning to the problem.  Complete computer control, Captain. The entity has fled.  Possibly, Doctor. Its consciousness may continue for some time,  consisting of billions of separate bits of energy, floating forever in  space, powerless.  Captain, since you came to Argelius to rest, I suggest you take  advantage of the opportunity. 
Someone or something is attempting to attract our attention.  I do not know. Not even a Vulcan can know the unknown, Captain.  We are hundreds of light years past where any Earth ship has ever  explored.  Class M planet, Captain.  With two very important exceptions. It's much older than Earth,  and about a half million years ago, its atmosphere was totally ripped  away by some sort of cataclysm. The planet has evidently been dead  since then. Sensors detect no life of any kind.  Captain.  Sensors registering some form of energy deep inside the planet.  Reading energy only, Captain. No life forms.  Coming from deep under the planet's surface, Captain. Under at  least one hundred miles of solid rock.  Reading a chamber now. Oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere, suitable for  human life support.  Captain, I do wish to inspect whatever this is that lived that  long ago.  Fascinating.  Evidently, Captain.  Unlikely. These co-ordinates correspond with the location of the  subterranean chamber.  I'm sure she did, Captain, Just as you received an order to  bring me along.  Approximately one hundred twelve point three seven miles,  Doctor.  Captain, the security guards.  This vault was constructed about a half a million years ago.  About the same time the planet surface was destroyed, if our sensor  readings are accurate.  They're an alloy or substance completely unknown to me. Much  stronger and harder than anything I've measured before.  Sargon, would it harm you if I  Pure energy. Matter without form.  That would tend, however, to explain certain elements of Vulcan  prehistory.  Just a moment, Doctor.  And if he refuses, Doctor, what do you propose to do with your  phaser? That is still Jim's body.  (Kirk convulses briefly, and the sphere has dimmed a lot.)  What are your plans for it? Can you exchange places again when  you wish?  Doctor?  What is it you want of us?  When the struggle came which devastated your planet  Fascinating.  These others, they were stored differently than you, but it was  Our bodies, Sargon, for what purpose?  Then you intend to construct mechanical bodies, move your minds  into them, and then return our bodies to us.  Captain, do you know what happened? Do you remember any part of  it?  Once inside their mechanical bodies, engineer, they can leave  this planet, travel back with us. With their knowledge, mankind could  leap ahead ten thousand years.  No, he's not.  (with a grin and echoy voice) Hello. Oh, you are a lovely  female. A pleasant sight to wake up to after half a million years.  You're welcome.  This is an excellent body, Doctor. I seem to have received the  best of the three. Strength, hearing, eyesight, all far above your  human norms. I'm surprised the Vulcans never conquered your race.  Yes, of course, Just as we do, Doctor.  (Mulhall/Thalassa collapses and they help her back onto the bed.)  It will be unnecessary, Doctor. This Vulcan body is accustomed  to the higher metabolism.  I'll prepare the formula, Sargon.  I can continue in this body for several hours.  This woman will assist me. (to Chapel) You will take me to your  pharmacology laboratory.  (They leave.)  Now. this formula will reduce the heart  action and the bodily functions to normal. While the bodies are  occupied, you will administer one injection of ten cc's each hour.  This hypo you will code mark for Thalassa. And this one you will  code mark for me.  This one you will administer to Captain Kirk while Sargon is in  his body.  No, that's correct. But since I will arrange for you to  administer each of the injections, no one else will notice.  What were you saying?  Yes. Well, you were about to say that you watched me prepare the  formula and fill each of the hypos.  Very good. You see, Sargon would not permit me to keep this  body. It is therefore necessary for you to kill your captain  so that Sargon will die with him.  Enterprise Medical Log. Stardate 4769.1. Three  alien minds now inhabit the bodies of Captain Kirk, Science Officer  Spock, and Doctor Ann Mulhall. [Sickbay] In two days, you'll have your own hands, Thalassa. Mechanically  efficient and quite human-looking. Android robot hands, of course.  Hands without feeling. Enjoy the taste of life while you can.  It will have twice the strength and agility of your body,  engineer, and will last a thousand years. That is, assuming you'll stop  wasting your time and allow us to complete it.  (Scott leaves as 'Spock' laughs.)  A thousand-year prison, Thalassa. And when it wears out we'll  build another one, and we'll lock ourselves into it for another  thousand years. And another, and another. Sargon has closed his mind to  a better way. With these bodies.  When you awoke in this body, Thalassa, you said how good it was  to breathe again, to have eyes and to see again. To feel. To live and  feel again, Thalassa. Just think how much we can do for mankind. Are  these bodies too much to ask for in return? Would you prefer this?  This is your new home, Thalassa. Once occupied, I'll add female  features and some texturing. You no doubt want the mechanism to at  least appear to be a woman. (he tests its hand movement.) It is ready,  Thalassa.  You have no excuse to keep the real body any longer. Sargon  would've required that you enter the mechanism immediately.  Must I make an example of you, too, Helm?  (Kirk, Mulhall and McCoy enter.)  Pain, Captain. And you, my dear?  (As Kirk and Mulhall double over, McCoy dashes to Spock's side, ready  to inject him.)  Fortunately, Doctor, I know every thought of every mind around  me. See? (to Chapel) Take the hypo from him. And inject him with it.  (But she injects Spock/Henoch instead! He leaps from his seat.)  Fools. I'll simply transfer to another place, another body.  (He whirls around.)  Sargon! No, Sargon, please. Let me. Let me transfer.  (He falls to the floor and his victims are freed from their  pain.)  It seems, Doctor, the injection was only enough to cause  unconsciousness.  The place Henoch would least suspect, Captain. 
Mister Spock.  Is there something I can do for you, Captain?  Well, Doctor McCoy seemed to think I should check on you.  Well, our good doctor said that you were acting like a wild man,  demanded brandy.  Hmm. Well, in that case, if you'll excuse the intrusion Captain,  I'll get back to my work.  Captain.  [Transporter room] Doctor McCoy reports that you demanded this brandy in Sickbay  and left with it. I found this bottle in Yeoman Rand's quarters.  You can go now, Yeoman. (Rand leaves) There's only one logical  answer. We have an impostor aboard.  Captain's Log, stardate 1672.9. On the planet's  surface, temperatures are beginning to drop, our landing party there in  growing jeopardy. Due to the malfunction of the ship's transporter, an  unexplained duplicate of myself definitely exists.  [Transporter room] About your double, Captain.  We can't take a chance on killing it. We have no previous  experience, no way of knowing what would happen to you.  How shall we explain it to them, Captain? The search parties are  to capture you?  The search parties, Captain.  Captain, no disrespect intended, but you must surely realise you  can't announce the full truth to the crew. You're the Captain of this  ship. You haven't the right to be vulnerable in the eyes of the crew.  You can't afford the luxury of being anything less than perfect. If you  do, they lose faith, and you lose command.  Understood, Captain.  Captain's Log, stardate 1673.1. Something has  happened to me. Somehow, in being duplicated, I have lost my strength  of will.  Decisions are becoming more and more difficult. [Kirk's quarters] About the phaser weapons to be set for stunning force and  locked.  Thermal heaters were transported down. They duplicated. They  won't operate.  Spock here.  Acknowledged. Continue the search.  Apparently, this double, however different in temperament, has  your knowledge of the ship, its crew, its devices. This being the case,  perhaps we can outguess him by determining his next move. Knowing how  the ship is laid out, where would you go to elude a mass search?  Set and locked on base cycle to stun, not to  kill. What about your phaser, Captain? Don't you think we ought to get  some help, Captain?  Captain, you ordered me to tell you.  Judging from my observations, Captain, you're rapidly losing the  power of decision.  Yes, always, Doctor. We have here an unusual opportunity to  appraise the human mind, or to examine, in Earth terms,  the roles of good and evil in a man. His negative side, which you call  hostility, lust, violence, and his positive side, which Earth people  express as compassion, love, tenderness.  Yes, and what is it that makes one man an exceptional leader? We  see indications that it's his negative side  which makes him strong, that his evil side, if you will, properly  controlled and disciplined, is vital to his strength. Your negative  side removed from you, the power of command begins to elude you.  If your power of command continues to weaken, you'll soon be  unable to function as Captain. You must be prepared for that.  If I seem insensitive to what you're going through, Captain,  understand it's the way I am.  This is Spock, Mister Sulu. You'll have to  hold on a little longer. There's no other way. Survival procedures,  Mister Sulu.  Captain Kirk.  Spock here. Would you come to the transporter room. We  think we may have found an answer.  We've attached some bypass and leader circuits to compensate for  the difference. Tied directly into the impulse engines, there shouldn't  be more than a five point variation in the velocity balance. I suggest  we send the animal through.  Captain.  It's painless and quick. The animal will be unconscious for only  a few minutes. (sedates it)  Energise. Reverse.  The shock of putting him back together seems to have been too  much for him.  For once, I agree with you.  No autopsy is necessary to know that the animal was terrified,  confused. It was split into two halves and suddenly thrust back  together again. Thus shock induced by blind terror.  It couldn't understand. You can. You have your intelligence  controlling your fear.  Aren't you forgetting something, Captain?  Your men on the planet surface. How much time do they have left?    Being split in two halves is no theory with me, Doctor. I have a  human half, you see, as well as an alien half, submerged, constantly at  war with each other. Personal experience, Doctor. I survive it because  my intelligence wins over both, makes them live together. Your  intelligence would enable you to survive as well.  Are you relinquishing your command, Captain?  Captain, I thought the plan  We'll let the captain handle this.  You'll have to hold on to him, Captain.  Captain?  Understood, Captain.  Ready. (beams them out)  Right away, Captain.  All sections report ready, sir.  Shall I pass that on to the crew, sir?  The, er, impostor had some interesting qualities, wouldn't you  say, Yeoman? 
As I speculated, Captain, the overall pattern of mass insanity  destroying civilisations follows an almost straight line through this  section of the galaxy. Over here the Beta Portilin system the ancient  civilisations. Archaeologists have given us information indicating that  they were the beginning. Two hundred years ago, Levinius Five was swept  by mass insanity, then Theta Cygni Twelve. The last was Ingraham B, two  years ago.  The ship is a one-man vessel of Denevan configuration, Captain.  He does not seem to be out of control. His course is straight for the  sun.  Outer hull temperature now four hundred and eighty degrees and  rising.  So are we. Hull temperature one thousand degrees and rising. The  sun's gravimetric pull increasing.  All clear, Captain. Hull temperature falling, gravimetric pull  approaching tolerance level.  Planet development is normal, Captain.  Originally colonised as a freighting-line base in this area.  No Federation contacts for over a year.  Lieutenant Uhura has had no further response to our signals.  Sensors report the expected number of humans on the planet surface.  However, they are strangely quiet. Very little activity.  They're here, Captain. In the buildings. Strangely quiescent.  Captain, several people approaching.  Indeed. They seemed most concerned for our safety.  Their attitude was inconsistent with their actions.  Captain, I understand how you must  Notice the ventilator, Captain. Apparently they were trying to  keep something outside from getting in. Obviously they were not  entirely successful.  That is correct. I am at a loss to understand it.  The streets are extraordinarily quiet, Captain. We've seen no  other Denevans, and the ones we stunned earlier were gone when we came  out.  A peculiar buzzing sound. We were about to investigate it.  Incredible. Not only should it have been destroyed by our  phasers, it does not even register on my tricorder.  It is not life as we know or understand it. Yet t is obviously  alive, it exists.  Captain, I suggest we risk taking it aboard.  No! No! (he sits up)  (hoarsely) No, I won't.  I must take the ship.  (Three of them wrestle him to the floor as Chapel enters and hands a  hypo to McCoy.)  Down! I must take it down.  (McCoy sedates him.)  Doctor McCoy. Captain.  These restraints will no longer be necessary. Nor will your  sedatives, Doctor. I'll be able to return to duty. I apologise for my  weakness earlier when I tried to take control of the ship. I simply did  not understand.  What is there to understand, Mister Spock?  I am a Vulcan, Doctor. Pain is a thing of the mind. The mind can  be controlled.  It is proving to be an inconvenience, but it is manageable. And  the creature, with all of its thousands of parts, even now is  pressuring me. (the pain indicator hits the top of the monitor) It  wants this ship, but I am resisting.  I have my own will, Captain. Let me help.  I am a Vulcan. I am a Vulcan. There is no pain.  (Then he breaks his restraints.)  [Transporter room] I was.  I have an errand on the planet's surface. You will beam me down  to the same co-ordinates as before.  That is an order, Mister Scott.  Until the pain was gone, Captain. It has been discontinued by  me.  One of the creatures will have to be captured and analysed,  Captain. We did not have a clear opportunity to do so earlier when I  was attacked. Since my nervous system is already affected, as you  pointed out, Doctor, I don't believe they can do much more to me.  I am in complete control of myself, Doctor. The fact that I am  here proves that I do not belong in bed.  Thank you, Captain.  Come in, gentlemen. I believe you'll find this interesting.  (McCoy scans Spock.) Doctor, your medical skill and curiosity are quite  admirable, but I assure you I'm all right.  Unimportant at the moment, Doctor. Please observe. Interesting,  gentlemen. A one-celled creature resembling, more than anything else, a  huge, individual brain cell.  Do you understand what I'm suggesting, Captain?  And although it is not physically connected to the other cells,  it is nevertheless part of the whole creature, guided by the whole,  drawing its strength from the whole, which probably accounts for its  unusual resistance to our phaser weapons.  From a place where our physical laws do not apply. We may  therefore find it difficult to destroy, Captain.  Yes, sir.  (Kirk leaves, then McCoy.)  (Later, Chapel is working with McCoy when Kirk enters.)  I regret I see no other choice for you, Captain. We already know  this thing has destroyed three civilisations. Perhaps more.  Including myself, Doctor, and Captain Kirk's young nephew.  Understandably upsetting, but once it spreads past here, there are  dozens of colonies beyond and billions of people.  I therefore request permission to beam down to the planet's  surface. I also suggest that your nephew accompany me.  Captain, I do not make this request lightly. I do not know how  much longer I can hold out against the pain. But I do know what the boy  will go through should he regain consciousness.  It exists physically. It occupies space. It has mass, therefore  gravity. It converts matter to energy.  A possibility.  Yes. In essence, it can be done. A string of satellites around  the planet with burning tri-magnesite and trevium.  Of course. The light of the sun at the proximity where the  Denevan declared himself free was one million candles per square inch.  If this works, the satellites we orbit will produce light of such  intensity that even someone in a closed, darkened area will be affected  by it.  Captain, you'll need a host for the next step in the test to  determine whether the creature can be driven from the body. I am the  logical choice.  There'll be none on the planet's surface, Doctor.  The creature within me is gone. I am free of it and the pain.  (He walks forward, straight into a table.)  And I'm also quite blind. An equitable trade, Doctor. Thank you.    (They help him into a chair, and Chapel rushes in.)  Interesting. Just as dogs are sensitive to certain sounds which  humans cannot hear, these creatures evidently are sensitive to light  which we cannot see.  Doctor it was my selection as well. It is done.  An hereditary trait, Captain. The brightness of the Vulcan sun  has caused the development of an inner eyelid, which acts as a shield  against high-intensity light. Totally instinctive, Doctor. We tend to  ignore it, as you ignore your own appendix.  Quite the contrary, Captain. I had a very strong reaction. My  first sight was the face of Doctor McCoy bending over me.  My pleasure, Captain.  Why, thank you, Doctor McCoy. 
Governor.  Governor, you indicated one additional inmate since our last  visit, making a total of fifteen. Is that correct?  A total of fifteen incurably insane out of billions is not what  I would call an excessive figure. Who is the new inmate?  She sounds rational enough, Captain.  Very well indeed, thank you, Captain.  (muttering) If you could create a diversion, I might be able to  find the control room and open the force field.  I find it mildly interesting and somewhat nostalgic, if I  understand the use of that word.  Yes. It is somewhat reminiscent of the dances that Vulcan  children do in nursery school. Of course, the children are not so well  co-ordinated.  (Marta's dance brings her up close and personal with both Garth and  Kirk.)  On what, precisely, is our friendship to be based?  How could you, a Starship fleet Captain, believe that a  Federation crew would blindly obey your order to destroy the entire  Antos race, a people famous for their benevolence and peaceful  pursuits?  Captain Kirk speaks somewhat figuratively and with undue  emotion. However, what he says is logical and I do, in fact, agree with  it.  Please forgive me, but exactly where is your fleet?  Captain Garth  As you wish. At any rate, you must be aware of the fact that you  are attempting to recreate the disaster which resulted in your becoming  an inmate in this place.  On the contrary. You were treated with justice, and with  compassion which you failed to show towards any of your intended  victims. Logically, therefore, one must assume  She seems to have worked out an infallible method for assuring  permanent male fidelity. Interesting.  Thank you, Captain. (draws a phaser) We're now armed. I presume  we shall try to reach the control room.  Force field is now off, Captain.  Captain, I suggest you return to the ship at once. Your safety  is vital to the Enterprise.  I also request permission to remain here in charge of the  security team when they beam down.  Mister Scott, the Captain's life is in immediate danger. Beam  him aboard at once. The security team will be entrusted to me.  He's waiting for the proper reply, Captain.  Give him the countersign, Captain.  Queen to queen's level three.  Arranging to beam down a security team. Are there any  objections?  Fascinating. What maneuver did we use to defeat the Romulan  vessel near Tau Ceti?  Agreed, Captain. Captains. Gentlemen, whichever one of you is  Captain Garth must at this moment be expending a great deal of energy  to maintain the image of Captain Kirk. That energy level cannot be  maintained indefinitely, and I have time.  (Spock pulls a chair towards him to sit down, and Kirk 2 attacks him.  Then the two Kirk's wrestle each other. Finally one is holding the  chair over the other's head, ready to smash it down on his helpless  victim.)  Captain Kirk, I presume.  Spock to Enterprise.  Queen to king's level one.  [Treatment room] (The inmates are getting their jabs.)  I am Mister Spock, science officer on a Starship.  Yes, Captain.  It was not impossible, Captain. Our presence here is proof of  that.  The interval of uncertainty was actually fairly brief, Captain.  It only seemed long to you. I was waiting for a victor in the hand to  hand struggle, which I assumed would be Captain Garth. Because of your  depleted condition. Failing a resolution to the struggle, I was forced  to use other means to make my determination. 
Pollux Four. Class M type planet, oxygen and nitrogen  atmosphere. Sensors indicate no life forms. Approximate age four  billion years. Judged no reason for contact. In all respects, quite  ordinary, Captain.  Momentarily.  Negative, Captain. Not living tissue.  Not a projection, sir. A field of energy.  The ship is almost completely encircled by the field. It  resembles a conventional force field but on unusual wavelengths.  Despite its appearance, that of a human appendage, it is definitely not  living tissue. It is energy.  Captain, a most curious development on scanner five seven.  Screen on, Captain.  (Now a face appears in space, a male human wearing a laurel wreath.)  Verbose, isn't he?  Insults are effective only where emotion is present.  Try to break through it, Lieutenant.  Very efficient. Mister Sulu, rig all transmission circuits for  maximum power generation. Compute for reversal of polarity of the field  around the ship.  Lieutenant Kyle, I want a complete sensor scan of the planet.  Locate all the lifeforms. I want to know what's going on down  there. [Temple] (The giant Apollo suddenly looks weary, and  vanishes.)  Ready to reverse polarity, Mister Sulu?  Activate all units.  (The ship jolts several times, but)  Cut power, Mister Sulu. Lieutenant, we must restore  communications with the landing party.  Oh?  Good. Do so. Sensor report, Mister Kyle.  And Apollo?  Origin?  I would suggest, Mister Sulu, if you cannot find out where the  power source is, you should find out where it is not. A simple process  of elimination.  Progress report.  Speed is essential, Lieutenant.  I can think no one better equipped to handle it, Miss Uhura.  Please proceed.  Progress, Mister Sulu?  Continue the search.  Mister Kyle.  We're unable to break completely loose from this force field,  but we might be able to punch some holes through it.  To shoot through. It might also relieve Lieutenant Uhura's  communications problem. Take these equations to the nuclear electronics  lab. I want them to work on the problem of negating the force field in  selected areas. That might be done by generating a strong pinpoint  charge of M-rays on some of these selected wave lengths and tying them  in with the combined output of all our engines.  Spock here, Captain. [Temple] (The rest of the men gather to listen)  We've pinpointed a power source on the planet's surface  which seems to have something to do with the force field. [Bridge] Is there a structure of some sort near you? [Temple] The power emanates from there.  We can negate sections of it, creating  openings through which we can fire our phaser banks. [Temple] Captain. I would recommend a discreet  distance.  Spock, Captain. [Bridge] Sensors are picking up an atmospheric  disturbance in your area. [Temple] Captain, you're too close.  More power to the shields. [Temple] All banks maintain firing rate. 
Thank you, Mister Marvick. I shall be wearing the visor.  It has proved effective for Vulcans.  I shall endeavour to keep it under control.  Welcome aboard, Ambassador Kollos. I am First Officer Spock.  Captain Kirk, we are ready. [Bridge] Doctor Jones, may I congratulate you on your assignment with  Ambassador Kollos.  I'm sure you will find it a fascinating experience.  No one ever has. I was referring to mind-links I had attempted  with members of other species.  I was unable to accept. My life is here. [Ambassador's quarters] (They place the box on a table.)  Spock to Bridge. We have arrived at the Ambassador's quarters. [Bridge] I would appreciate an opportunity to exchange greetings with the  Ambassador.  I almost envy you your assignment.  Not correct, Doctor, although I am aware of your mind attempting  to contact mine. Were you born a telepath?  I understand. May I show you to your quarters?  I understand. Our ship's surgeon often makes the same complaint.  Do call when you are ready.  (Spock leaves. Jones removes her visor.)  Why, thank you, Captain.  On the contrary, Doctor, I would say that Doctor Jones was  indeed fortunate.  Doctor Jones was born a telepath, Captain.  What most humans generally find impossible to understand is the  need to shut out the bedlam of other people's thoughts and emotions.  As a matter of fact, I wear it this evening to honour you,  Doctor.  I see, Doctor McCoy, you still subscribe to the outmoded notion,  promulgated by your ancient Greeks, that what is good must also be  beautiful.  I'll escort you to your quarters.  I genuinely intended to honour her, Captain. Good evening,  gentlemen.  Do you know whether he saw the Medusan?  Then insanity will surely be the result, Captain. Dangerous  insanity.  [Engineering] Trying, Captain. Mister Chekov, your assistance, please.  We are evidently far outside our own galaxy, judging from the  lack of traceable reference points. When we exceeded warp speed factor  nine point five, we apparently entered a space-time continuum.  Impossible to calculate. We lack data to analyse. Our  instruments appear to be functioning normally, but what they tell us  makes no sense. Our records are clear up to the point at which we left  our galaxy.  Unfortunately, we lack reference points on which to plot a  return course. We experienced extreme sensory distortion,  and we shall do so again if we attempt to use warp speed. And we cannot  re-cross the barrier using sub light speed.  An entertaining suggestion, Mister Chekov, but not very helpful.    KIRK; There is someone else aboard who might be able to help us  navigate. The Medusans have developed interstellar navigation to a fine  art. Could Kollos function despite the sensory distortion?  Very possibly. The Medusan sensory system is radically different  from ours. Perhaps for the purpose of this emergency I might become  Kollos.  A fusion. A mind-link to create a double entity. Each of us  would enjoy the knowledge and sensory capabilities of both. We will  function as one being.  If the link is successful there will be a tendency to lose  separate identity. A necessary risk. Of course, Doctor Jones will not  wish to give me permission to accomplish the mind-link.  Doctor Jones has shown reluctance every time I've asked to  converse with Kollos. In some ways, she is still most human, Captain,  particularly in the depth of her jealousy.  Not sufficient. Her telepathic powers are formidable. If it is  at all possible, her mind must be so engaged that no thought of what I  am doing shall intrude.  The Enterprise is at stake. It is not possible for you to be  involved.  This is not a duty that you can assume. I am aware of the fact  that your telepathic competence might be superior to mine, but there's  a more important factor. The object is to pilot this ship. That is  something you cannot do.  Fascinating.  Evidently a highly sophisticated sensor web. My compliments to  you, and to your dressmaker.  An elegant solution. but I fail to understand why you apparently  try to conceal your blindness, Doctor Jones.  This is delightful. I know you. All of you. James Kirk, Captain  and friend for many years. And Leonard McCoy, also of long  acquaintance. And Uhura, whose name means freedom.  She walks in beauty, like the  night.  Are you surprised to find that I've read Byron, Doctor?  In part. That is, part of us is known to you as Kollos. Ah,  Miranda. There you are.  O brave new world, that has such creatures  in  it.  My world is next for us. Captain Kirk, I speak for all of us you  call Medusans. I am sorry for the trouble I've brought to your ship.  And now to the business at hand. With your permission, Captain.  Co-ordination is completed.  Warp one in six seconds. Five, four, three, two, one, zero.  (The engines come to life, and the Enterprise glides back through the  barrier.)  Position report, please, Mister Chekov.  Thank you, Mister Chekov. Manoeuvre completed, Captain.  How compact your bodies are. And what a variety of senses you  have. This thing you call language though, most remarkable. You depend  on it for so very much. But is any one of you really its master? But  most of all, the aloneness.  You are so alone. You live out your lives in this shell of flesh.  Self-contained, separate. How lonely you are. How terribly lonely.  So soon?  You're a wise Captain.  (Spock goes back behind the shield and the lid opens. Then Sulu notices  the visor still on the helm console.)  I rejoice in your knowledge and in your achievement.  And the ways our differences combine to create meaning and  beauty.  (Miranda gets on the transporter pad.)  Live long and prosper, Miranda. 
It's in a border area, Mister Scott. The Klingons also claim  jurisdiction.  Sounds typical of the Elasians. The scientists who made the  initial investigation reported the men were vicious and arrogant.  Not without precedent, Captain. Remember that  I am the first officer. This is Captain James Kirk.  Captain, the Dohlman is dissatisfied with the quarters provided.    I do not know, but all the Elasians seem most irrational.  At first it appeared to be a sensor ghost,  but I've run checks on all the instrumentation. All the equipment is  functioning perfectly.  None in this area. Nothing that would account for it. The ghost  appears intermittently.  None, Captain. Insufficient data.  Bridge to Captain.  That sensor ghost is moving closer.  Captain, we had a momentary fix on the object enough to  establish it was a spaceship.  No data yet.  Our ghost has materialised.  Negative, Captain. The Klingon ship has simply moved into  contact range. She is pacing us, precisely matching our sublight speed  and on a parallel course.  Captain, your analysis of the situation was flawless,  anticipating that she would deny you admittance. However, the logic by  which you arrived at your conclusion escapes me.  I have it on my sensor, Lieutenant.  Spock here, Captain. I am triangulating now. It's coming  from the engineering section.  Spock here, Captain.  Captain?  Captain.  (The door opens, and McCoy and Spock see the lovers in their close  embrace.)  May we see you a moment?  Captain, are you all right?  It is true then, Captain?  Their speed is better than warp six, Captain.  I don't think they meant to attack us. We were very fortunate  this time.  Very. But why do the Klingons consider the possession of this  system so vital?  I have another question, Captain. Is not the bridge the wrong  place for the Dohlman at a time like this?  They demand an immediate reply.  We can still manoeuvre.  Help could not arrive before the Enterprise would be destroyed.  [Medical lab] He's passed us. All shields held.  Better than warp seven.  He's past us again. Damage to number four shield.  It will not withstand another full charge, Captain. I'm getting  some very peculiar energy readings.  She is the source.  The necklace.  These are common stones? (scans them) See, Captain? Here and  here.  No doubt, Captain.  Captain, these are crude crystals. There is  no way to judge what the unusual shapes will do to the energy flow. [Bridge] Damage to Klingon number three shield. Number four shield  obliterated. Loss of manoeuvre power.  You are too late, Doctor. The Captain has found his own  antidote.  The antidote to a woman of Elas, Doctor, is a starship. The  Enterprise infected the Captain long before the Dohlman did.  In this particular instance, Doctor, I agree with you. 
Except for secondary systems, everything is out, sir. We're on  impulse power only.  If Mister Scott is still with us, auxiliaries should be on  momentarily. (Uhura is just stirring on the floor) Are you all right,  Lieutenant?  (He helps her back to her seat, and the lights come on.)  Mister Scott is still with us.  Captain? Casualty reports indicate only minor injuries.  Engineering reports warp engines  non-operational. Mister Scott overrode the automatic helm setting and  is holding us in orbit on impulse power.  Earth, Captain. We were on a general course in this direction  when we were pulled in by the star. Apparently the breakaway threw us  on in the same direction.  We are too low in the atmosphere to retain this orbit, Captain.  Engineering reports we have sufficient impulse power to achieve escape  velocity.  Apparently, Captain, so are we.  Whiplash propelled us into a time warp, Captain. Backward. Exact  chronometer readings in a few moments.  Verified. Scanners report some type of craft approaching from  below us. Under cloud cover and closing. [Jet fighter] Positive identification, Captain. Aircraft is an interceptor,  equipped with missiles, possibly armed with nuclear warheads. If he  hits us with one, he might damage us severely, perhaps beyond our  capacity to repair under current circumstances.  Captain, this type of aircraft might be too fragile to take our  tractor beam.  Aircraft is breaking up, Captain.  KIRK; Transporter room. Can you lock onto the cockpit of that aircraft?    Bridge to Captain Kirk.  The aircraft has completely broken up, Captain. Shall we  turn off the tractor beam?  Neither have I.  Captain.  We've achieved a stable orbit out of Earth's atmosphere. Our  deflectors are operative, enough to prevent our being picked up again  as a UFO. And Mister Scott wishes to speak to you about the engines.  Captain Christopher.  We cannot return him to Earth, Captain. He already knows too  much about us and is learning more. I do not specifically refer to  Captain Christopher, but suppose an unscrupulous man were to gain  certain knowledge of man's future?  Such a man could manipulate key industries, stocks, and even nations.  and in so doing, change what must be. And if it is changed, Captain,  you and I and all that we know might not even exist.  Yes, sir. {Captain's quarters] I have investigated it, Captain. To correct the fault will  require an overhaul of the entire computer system and a minimum of  three weeks at a  Starbase.  It also has an unfortunate tendency to giggle.  We put in at Cygnet Fourteen for general repair and maintenance.  Cygnet Fourteen is a planet dominated by women. They seemed to feel the  ship's computer system lacked a personality. They gave it one. Female,  of course.  I have run a computer check on all historical tapes. They show  no record of any relevant contribution by John Christopher.  Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Have some new information regarding Captain Christopher.  Important I see you both immediately.  Yes, sir. Bridge out.  Crude methods, but effective.  I made an error in my computations.  I find that we must return Captain Christopher to Earth after  all.  Poor choice of words on my part. I neglected, in my initial  run-through, to correlate the possible contributions by offspring. I  find, after running a crosscheck on that factor, that your son Colonel  Shaun Geoffrey Christopher headed, or will head, the first successful  Earth-Saturn probe, which is a rather significant  The doctor is correct. Unless we return Captain Christopher to  Earth, There will be no Colonel Shaun Geoffrey Christopher to go to  Saturn.  Acknowledging that we must return Captain  Christopher, there are several problems, prime of which is the  explanation of his return.  We tracked his plane wreckage down after our tractor beam crushed it.  It crashed in an open section of southern Nebraska.  And Captain Christopher himself complicated the matter.  Captain, our tractor beam caught and crushed an Air Force plane.  It'll be impossible to explain this as anything other than a genuine  UFO. Possibly alien, definitely destructive.  A theory. A reverse application of what happened to us.  Logically, it could work. Also, logically, there are a hundred  variables, any one of which could put us in a worse position than we're  in now.  Not at all. You'll simply be one of the thousands who thought he  saw a UFO.  Fifteen minutes, twenty eight seconds.  It is a fact, Doctor, that prowling by stealth is more  time-consuming than a direct approach. In our case  I am. [ADC Statistical Services] (They've just taken the magnetic tape when the  lights go on and an armed guard confronts them)  You may be correct, Doctor. Open communicator channel. [ADC Statistical Services] (There's a beeping sound)  Beam up immediately.  We'll know in a moment, Doctor.  (The Sergeant is beamed aboard.)  Spock here. Are you all right, Captain? [ADC Statistical Services] I don't believe there'll be trouble in that respect, Captain.  (The Sergeant still hasn't hardly moved a muscle when McCoy gently  takes the gun and communicator out of his hands.)  Our guest seems quite satisfied to remain where he is. [ADC Statistical Services] Your decision to beam up was quite correct,  Mister Sulu.  Spock here.  Do so now, engineer. We'll need all power to test our theory.  (examining a roll of film) Poor photography.  I am aware of that, Doctor. This is the first officer. Captain  Christopher to the briefing room. [Guard room] Quite logical, Captain. Can you give us the co-ordinates to beam  down a landing party near those interrogation rooms?  I can't do that, Captain.  Mister Sulu, you and Captain Christopher will beam down with me.  The captain will provide the co-ordinates for the transporter chief.  One for you, one for me. Set them on heavy stun force.  In fact, I do. But only to a certain point. [Transporter room] Energise.  (The party are beamed down)  Don't you find that painful, Captain?  He knew the exact beam down co-ordinates for this section of the  base. It was necessary to bring him along.  I suspected he might not wish to return with us.  Mister Scott and I both agree that the only  possible solution is the slingshot effect, like the one that put us  here. My computations indicate that if we fly toward the sun, seek out  its magnetic attraction, then pull away at full power, the whiplash  will propel us into another time warp.  Logically, as we move faster and faster toward the sun, we'll  begin to move backward in time. We'll actually go back beyond  yesterday,  beyond the point when we first appeared in the sky. Then, breaking free  will shoot us forward in time, and we'll transport you back before any  of this happened.  Since we've passed Mercury, the sun's pull on us has increased  greatly. From here, we'll move even faster. And Captain, notice the  chronometers. They've started backward. Minute by minute, the speed of  time passage will now increase.  Approaching breakaway point. On the countdown. Ten, nine, eight,  seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.  We've broken free and heading back.  Chronometers moving forward again, Captain.  Computed.  Twenty minutes, sir. It'll be close.  Ten minutes. Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two,  one.  Approaching second beaming, Captain.  Now.  Approaching our century, Captain. Braking should begin now.  Fifty years to go.  Forty, thirty. 
I suggest no supernatural explanation, Captain. I merely point  out that the facts do not fit any known categories of planets.  Undoubtedly. The age of this planet would seem to be only a few  thousand years. It would be impossible for vegetation to evolve in so  short a period.  But its mass and atmosphere are similar to Earth.  It would be impossible, Captain. An atmosphere could not evolve  in so short a period of time.  Evidently. But the inconsistencies are so compounded as to  present a seemingly impossible phenomenon.  Precisely, Captain.  Lieutenant Rahda, report to the bridge immediately.  [Transporter room] Yes. I believe no permanent damage was done.  The occipital area of my head seems to have impacted with the  chair.  That we have yet to ascertain.  Report on the death of the transporter officer. [McCoy's office] Give me a full report as soon as possible,  please. Spock out. Mister Scott, have the transporter checked for  possible malfunction.  The stars.  Wrong?  A positional change.  Nine hundred and ninety point seven light years to be exact,  Lieutenant.  Mister Scott, since we are here, your statement is not only  illogical but also unworthy of refutation. It is also illogical to  assume that any explosion, even that of a small star going supernova,  could have hurled us a distance of nine hundred and ninety point seven  light years.  That is correct, Mister Scott, by all the laws that we know.  There was no period of unconsciousness. Our ship's chronometers  registered a matter of only a few seconds. Therefore, we were displaced  through space in some manner which I am unable to fathom.  Please, Mister Scott, restrain your leaps of illogic. I have  said nothing. I was merely speculating.  Spock here. [McCoy's office] Explain. [McCoy's office] Would any known disease organism do that? [McCoy's office] Please keep me fully advised. Spock out. He  was in the transporter room. Someone may have entered after Captain  Kirk and his party left. Mister Scott, since the Enterprise is  obviously functional, I suggest we return to our starting place at top  warp speed.  In that case, Mister Scott, I suggest we start at once. Can you  give me warp eight?  That position, Mister Scott, would not only be unavailing but  also undignified. Lieutenant Rahda, plot a course.  Good. Then prepare to come to warp eight.  [Planet surface] Eleven point three three seven hours, Lieutenant. I wish you  would be more precise. [Engineering] Spock here. [Bridge] Feels, Mister Scott? [Engineering] That is obvious, Mister Scott. I suggest you avoid emotionalism  and simply keep your instruments correct. [Engineering] Spock out.  [Planet surface] (The cairn is complete, and topped off with a  name-stone.)  Spock here.  Do you know what he died of, Mister Scott?  Security alert, all decks. Female intruder, extremely dangerous.  Security alert. All decks.  [Planet surface] (Dusk is falling, the sky is a dark purple.)  KIRK; Conclusions.  Spock to Sickbay. Have you completed the  autopsy on Watkins, Doctor?  Was the cause of his death the same as that which killed the  transporter officer? [McCoy's office] My guess, Doctor, would be valueless. I  suggest we refrain from guessing and find some facts. [McCoy's office] Spock out.  [Bridge] The power of this intruder to disrupt every  cell in a body, combined with the almost inconceivable power required  to hurl the Enterprise such a distance, speak of a very high culture  and a very great danger.  A reasonable assumption, Mister Scott.  If there are more of those beings on that planet, the captain  and the others are in very great danger.  [Planet surface] (While Kirk and McCoy sleep, Losira turns off the  tricorder. Sulu confronts her.)  Very well. Cancel Red Alert but maintain increased security.  Please update our subspace report to Starfleet to include  security search, results negative.  Presumably the same way she got on.  Lieutenant, we are not engaged in gambling. We are proceeding in  the only logical way to return to the place they were last seen, and  factually ascertain whether or not they still live.  Very well. Reduce speed to warp seven.  Bridge to Engineering. Negative effect on power reduction. Speed  is still increasing. [Engineering] I would calculate fourteen point eight seven  minutes, Mister Scott. [Engineering] Sabotage.  You said it was fused. How?  Worries, Mister Scott?  Interesting.  No, but the method is fascinating.  A force that could hurl us nine hundred and ninety point seven  light years away and at that distance still be able to sabotage our  main source of energy  will not be waiting around to be taken into custody.  As I recall the pattern of our fuel flow, there is an access  tube leading to the matter-antimatter reaction chamber.  Still, it is there, and it might be possible to shut off the  fuel at that point.  A magnetic probe.  I shall try.  Unless a solution is found quickly, that fate awaits all of us.  Very well, Mister Scott. You spoke of the feel of the ship being  wrong.  I note it, Mister Scott, without necessarily understanding it. I  propose to run an analysis through the ship's computers,  comparing the present condition of the Enterprise with her ideal  condition.  We have twelve minutes and twenty seven seconds. I suggest you  do whatever you can in the service crawlway, while I make the computer  study.  [Planet surface] Go ahead, Mister Scott.  Mister Scott, I suggest you refrain from any  further subjective descriptions. You now have ten minutes and nineteen  seconds in which to perform your task. [Crawlway] You now have ten minutes and ten seconds. [Crawlway] I'm aware of these facts. Please get on with the job. Computer.  Analysis on my comparison co-ordinates.  Lieutenant Uhura, you are monitoring the  magnetic force?  Please do not take your eyes off of it. Lieutenant Rahda, arm  the pod jettison system.  Not until my order.  Mister Scott, what is your situation? [Crawlway] You have eight minutes, forty one seconds. [Crawlway] Computer read-out.  Continue.  Understood.  Spock here. [Crawlway] Mister Scott, ease off.  Computer, for outphase condition, will reverse field achieve  closure?  Mister Scott [Crawlway] Reverse polarity on your magnetic  probe.  That is correct, Mister Scott.  Please commence. I'll explain. [Crawlway] You were correct in your feel. The  Enterprise was put through a molecular transporter and reassembled  slightly out of phase. Reverse polarity should seal the incision.  Please continue, Mister Scott. [Crawlway] Please continue. [Crawlway] Mister Scott, you have accomplished your task. [Crawlway] For what purpose, Mister Scott? [Crawlway] What is it in you humans  That requires an overwhelming display of emotion in a  situation such as this? Two men pursue the only reasonable course of  action indicated, and yet you [Bridge] Feel that something else is necessary.  [Room] (Kirk, McCoy and Sulu enter a purple room with a  cube hanging from the ceiling. It is glowing purple. Losira is there.  Did I mention she is wearing purple?)  I had the same misgivings about you. We returned and picked up  your life form readings only a moment ago.  From where this brain had the power to send the Enterprise. Nine  hundred and ninety point seven light years across the galaxy. What a  remarkable culture this is.  I surmised that, Captain. Its moves were immensely logical. But  what people created this? Are there any representatives here?  That is a loss, Captain.  To do the job of defence, the computer projected a replica of  the only image available. Losira's.  Beauty is transitory, Doctor. However, she was evidently highly  intelligent.  Indeed, Captain? 
I still read a suggestion of carbon cycle life forms on the  planet surface, Captain.  Agreed. Mister Sulu, switch to the planet area I have under  observation.  Which would indicate a considerable civilisation there.  Our readings could be false, Captain, perhaps caused by some  natural phenomena.  We're being scanned, Captain. A deep probe, incredibly swift.  (The lights come back up, and the planet disappears from the  viewscreen)  Fascinating.  They did scan us and our vessel, Captain, and doubtless obtained  sufficient information to present this illusion.  Small change occurring there, Captain.  An area of approximately one thousand square kilometres. It  measures completely Earth-like.  Fascinating. For a moment, it appeared almost mineral. Like  living rock with heavy fore claws. It’s settling down now to completely  human readings.  Band honours ready, Captain.  We do, sir. Six hundred forty three miles, two thousand twenty  one feet, two point zero four inches at this moment, using your  old-style measurements.  It is basic to the Vulcan philosophy, sir. The combination of a  number of things to make existence worthwhile.  More that direction, Engineer.  I am, Doctor. I am observing the alien.  It would be illogical. With such abilities, they could as easily  trick us into destroying the entire vessel.  No, I'm not, Doctor. There's no doubt they want us down there  for some hidden purpose. Otherwise, they would have revealed some  logical reason for all of this.  Speculation is unnecessary, Captain. The answer is clear.  President Lincoln has always been a very personal hero to you. What  better way to titillate your curiosity than to make him come alive for  you.  Agreed. I, too, experienced his charm. It is a magnificent work  of duplication.  Captain, since I was included in the invitation to make contact,  I must beam down with you.  Captain. Our phasers and tricorders did not beam down with us.  Undamaged, yet something is preventing them from functioning. [Transporter room] Surak.  The greatest of all who ever lived on our planet, Captain. The  father of all we became.  [Bridge] It is not logical that you are Surak. There is no fact,  extrapolation of fact or theory, which would make possible.  Live long and prosper, image of Surak, father of all we now hold  true.  As I turned and my eyes beheld you, I displayed emotion. I beg  forgiveness.  It may be exactly as explained, Captain. Our concept of good and  evil is strange to them. Perhaps they wish to determine which is  strongest.  I'm all right, Captain. However, I suggest that we prepare  ourselves for another attack.  And if they’re real, Captain?  Yes, Captain.  Captain. Logic dictates that we consider another course.  His convictions are most profound in this matter, Captain.  The captain knows that I have fought at his side before and will  do so now, if need be. However, I too, am a Vulcan, bred to peace. Let  him attempt it.  I deeply respect what he has accomplished.  They're trying to goad us into attacking, Captain. They expect  us to act rashly.  He was aware of what might happen when he went.  You had no choice, Captain. You could not have stopped him.  A Vulcan would not cry out so.  I am not insensitive to it, Captain.  Captain, that is what they are waiting for. They're waiting for  us to attempt a rescue.  No, sir.  Conjecture, Captain, rather than explanation.  It would seem that we were held in the power of creatures able  to control matter and to rearrange molecules in whatever fashion was  desired. So they were able to create images of Surak and Lincoln after  scanning our minds and using their fellow creatures as source matter.  Yes, and Surak. Perhaps in a sense they were real, Captain.  Since they were created out of our own thoughts, how could they be  anything but what we expected them to be? 
Large prints. The ape-like carnivore in the reports?  Aside from that, you say it's a Garden of Eden?  Class M in all respects. Quite Earth-like.  Bows and arrows, Captain?  Captain, look.  (A group of blond hunters is approaching. They do have bows and  arrows.)  Captain, use of our phasers is expressly forbidden.  (So instead Kirk throws a rock which startles a villager into firing  his weapon early.)  No, Captain. I can travel.  (They join McCoy.)  Nurse.  Hit me. The pain will help me to consciousness. Hit me.  Blast you, strike me! If I don't regain consciousness soon, it  may be too late. Hit me. (she slaps his face) Harder!  (She does, with tears in her eyes.)  Again. Continue. The pain will help me to consciousness.  That will be quite enough. Thank you, doctor.  She was doing as I requested, Mister Scott. A Vulcan form of  self-healing.  Thank you, nurse. I'm quite fully recovered.  Position, Mister Scott?  The Klingons?  Stand by to signal the captain.  An illogical question, Doctor, since  obviously you are hearing my voice. [Hillside]
Difficult to say, Captain. We're getting no registration beam  from it.  Sir, he's pushing his engines too hard.  Approaching an asteroid belt, Captain. Schiller rating three  five.  Sensor reading on the vessel. I make it out as a small class J  cargo ship, and his engines are super-heating.  How many more in your crew?  What's wrong?  It'll take longer on battery power.  Curious. You're certain this was everyone aboard, Mister Walsh?  No other crewmen?  You can explain that to the Captain. (the group leave)  Deck twelve.  The Commander of the transport to see you, Captain.  I'm well aware of that, Mister Scott.  Better rig a by-pass circuit.  Needed on the bridge, Captain.  [Briefing room] The entire ship's power is feeding through  one lithium crystal.  And that crystal won't hold up, not pulling all our power  through it.  There's a lithium mining operation on Rigel 12. High-grade ore,  I've heard.  Mister Farrell has the course. Less than two day's travel.  Rigel 12, Mister Farrell. You have the course.  Captain's log, Stardate 1329.2. On board the U.S.S.  Enterprise, a ship's hearing is being convened against the transport  vessel's captain. I'm becoming concerned about the almost-hypnotic  effect produced by the women.  [Briefing room] State your name for the record.  Your correct name.  State your correct name for the record.  Any past offenses, Mister Mudd?  We can sustain this orbit for three days, seven hours.  Even burned and cracked, they're beautiful.  Destroying them was a shame.  Conserving batteries, sir. Half power.  We don't have the time to spare, Captain.  The storm is ionising the atmosphere, Captain. Getting difficult  to probe through it.  Infrared reading. Check traverse three, grid  zero four zero.  There's a heat unit operating in there. It could be a cookstove.    Mudd?  Spock here, Captain.  How many coming, Captain?  I'm happy the affair is over. A most annoying emotional episode.    The fact that my internal arrangement differs from yours,  Doctor, pleases me no end. 
Captain, I believe I  Miss Finney, come with me, please.  (They leave.)  I know all about them.  Affirmative.  Negative.  Affirmative.  But the computer is inaccurate, never the less.  It reports that the jettison button was pressed before the Red  Alert.  And that is impossible.  No, I was occupied. The ship was already on Yellow Alert.  I do not dispute it. I merely state that it is wrong.  I know the Captain. He is in  Lieutenant, I am half Vulcanian. Vulcanians do not speculate. I  speak from pure logic. If I let go of a hammer on a planet that has a  positive gravity, I need not see it fall to know that it has in fact  fallen.  Gentlemen, human beings have characteristics just as inanimate  objects do. It is impossible for Captain Kirk to act out of panic or  malice. It is not his nature.  Yes. In my opinion.  Mister Finney is top of duty roster, Captain.  Attention, Commander Finney, report to pod for reading on ion  plates.  Officer posted, Captain.  (The ship suddenly judders)  Acknowledged.  Captain.  [Bridge] I've run a complete megalyte survey on the  computer. [Kirk's room] You sound bitter, Captain. [Kirk's room] Further instructions? [Kirk's room] Chess.  [Kirk's room] (The door opens)  Explain.  That is true.  Why, thank you, Doctor. I've just won my fourth game.  Observe for yourself. Rook to king's pawn four.  Now, this is the computer's move. And now mine. (takes the  bishop) Checkmate. Mechanically, the computer's flawless. Therefore,  logically, its report of the captain's guilt is infallible. I could not  accept that, however.  Exactly. I programmed it myself for chess some months ago. The  best I should have been able to attain was a draw.  Transporter room, stand by. We're beaming down.  [Courtroom] Five in all.  Affirmative.  I personally programmed the computer for chess months ago. I  gave the machine an understanding of the game equal to my own. The  computer cannot make an error and assuming that I do not either, the  best that could normally be hoped for would be stalemate after  stalemate, and yet I beat the machine five times. Someone, either  accidentally or deliberately, adjusted the programming and therefore  the memory banks of that computer.  Affirmative.  The Captain, myself, and the records officer.  Affirmative. Until he was lost, our records officer was  Lieutenant Commander Finney.  Affirmative, Captain.  B deck, in or near Engineering.  Acknowledged.  Compensate.  Decaying, Captain.  Gentlemen, if you'll please hurry to the transporter room  Very well, sir. [Engineering] Activate port impulse engines. One third power.  (Uhura takes navigation)  Obviously. 
They should be sending up a report momentarily, Captain. (Kirk  stretches and groans) Something wrong?  Doctor McCoy is correct, Captain. After what this ship has been  through in the last three months, there is not a crewman aboard who is  not in need of rest. Myself excepted, of course.  Not necessary in my case, Captain. On my planet, to rest is to  rest, to cease using energy. To me, it is quite illogical to run up and  down on green grass using energy instead of saving it.  (Intercom whistles)  Very well, Captain. Something I did come to discuss.  I picked this up from Doctor McCoy's log. We have a crewmember  aboard who's showing signs of stress and fatigue. Reaction time down  nine to twelve percent, associational reading norm minus three.  He's becoming irritable and quarrelsome, yet he refuses to take  rest and rehabilitation. Now, He has that right, but we've found  James Kirk. Enjoy yourself, Captain. It's an interesting planet.  You'll find it quite pleasant. Very much like your Earth. [Planet surface] (An establishing shot of a landscape)  Scouts have detected no animals, artefacts, or force fields  of any kind. Only peace, sunshine, and good air. You'll have no  problems.  (But as these words are spoken, a rock raises itself to reveal a  classic western-style six shooter gun.)  (Elsewhere, a man and a woman are taking scans of the vegetation)  Captain.  I'm getting strange readings from the planet  surface, Captain. Some sort of power field down there.  [Rocky outcrop] A highly sophisticated type of energy draining our power  and increasing, beginning to affect our communications.  Could be coming from beneath the planet's  surface. Patterns indicate some sort of industrial activity. [Rocky outcrop] Any chance these could be hallucinations? [Rocky outcrop] That sounds like a painful reality.  [Rocky outcrop] There must be some logical explanation. [Bridge] Your signal is very weak. Can you turn up  your gain?  Captain, shall I beam down an armed party? [Rocky outcrop] Necessary, Captain. Unable to contact you by communicator, and  the transporter is useless to us now. As I told you before, there's an  unusual power field down here. It's soaking up all the energy at the  source. I calculated the rate of its growth, and reasoned that I just  might be able to transport one more person.  This is not human skin tissue, Captain. It more closely  resembles the cellular casting we use for wound repairs. Much finer, of  course.  This is definitely a mechanical contrivance. It has the same  basic cell structure as the plants here, even the trees, the grass.  I'm saying that these are all multicellular castings. The  plants, the animals, the people. They're all being manufactured.  All we know for certain is that they act exactly like the real  thing. Just as pleasant or just as deadly.  (There's a buzzing sound in the air, and a plane flies overhead) [Woodland path] At this point, Captain, my analysis may not sound very  scientific.  There is one slight possibility, very slim, but nevertheless.  Captain, what were your thoughts just before you encountered the people  you described?  Captain, wait.  Did you enjoy it, Captain?  Which supports a theory I've been formulating.  Yes. Somehow our thoughts are read, these things are quickly  manufactured and provided for us.  Yes. We must all control our thoughts.  The force field we encountered is obviously underground,  manufacturing these things. Passages lead to the surface. Just for  example, when Rodriguez thought of a tiger  Captain.  (A smiling grey-haired man in a long green robe walks up to Kirk)  The term is amusement park.  An old Earth name for a place where people could go to see and  do all sorts of fascinating things.  I tend to agree.  (a communicator beeps)  (handing the girl over to Sulu) Captain, I'll go back aboard  ship and take over. With all due respect to the young lady, I've  already had as much shore leave as I care for.  Did you enjoy your rest, gentlemen?  Most illogical. 
No doubt about it, Captain. The space debris comes from the  survey vessel SS Beagle.  Portions of the antimatter nacelles, personal belongings.  Captain, no signs of bodies whatsoever.  It would have come from planet four, star system eight nine two,  directly ahead.  SS Beagle. Small class four stardrive vessel. Crew of forty  seven, commanded by. Jim, I believe you knew him. Captain R M Merik.  Different in shape only, Captain. The proportion of land to  water is exactly as on your Earth. Density five point five, diameter  seven nine one seven at the equator, atmosphere seventy eight percent  nitrogen, twenty one percent oxygen. Again, exactly like Earth.  I also picked up indications of large cities.  No sign of atomic power as yet, but far enough along for radio  communications, power transportation, an excellent road system.  Television was the colloquial term.  Captain, the one described as the barbarian is also listed here.  Flight officer William B. Harrison of the SS Beagle. At least there  were some survivors down there.  But hardly more practical, captain. Close to the city we  located, but not populated. We should not be observed.  (They head down the steep slope. Spock takes some tricorder scans.)  Fascinating. This atmosphere is remarkably similar to your  twentieth century. Moderately industrialised pollution containing  substantial amounts of carbon monoxide and partially consumed  hydrocarbons.  Yes, I believe that was the term. I had no idea you were that  much of a historian, Doctor.  Then the Prime Directive is in full force, Captain?  I fail to see the humour in that situation, Doctor.  Complete Earth parallel. The language here is English.  (Kirk tries to go for his phaser, and another shot hits the ground near  his feet.)  There would seem to be evidence to that effect.  (Four men appear from behind rocks. They are wearing t-shirts with a  short chain motif at the neck. The leader is barefoot and wearing  shorts.)  I call them ears.  Never. Colloquial twentieth-century English. An amazing  parallel.  Sir, we came here looking for some friends, forty seven of them  who were stranded here some six years ago. They wore clothing similar  to ours. Have you heard of such men?  (brings over a magazine) Captain, I thought you might find this  interesting.  Fascinating.  Captain, a logical question, if I may. Septimus, how many years  ago did Merikus become your first citizen?  Curious, Captain, the similarity in names. Were you told why  Merik was dropped from the Space Academy?  Why, Doctor?  Even more fascinating. Slavery evolving into an institution with  guaranteed medical payments, old-age pensions.  Doctor, if I were able to show emotion, your new infatuation  with that term would begin to annoy me.  Really, Doctor, I had no idea they were trained. Watching you, I  assumed it was trial and error.  Interesting, and given a conservative empire, quite  understandable.  I said I understood it, Doctor. I find the checks and balances  of this civilisation quite illuminating.  They do seem to have escaped the carnage of your first three  world wars, Doctor.  Situations quite familiar to the six million who died in your  first world war, the eleven million who died in your second, the thirty  seven million who died in your third. Shall I go on?  Quite correct.  I tell you I'm well able to defeat you.  I do not want to injure you.  (The cat-calls and hisses are amplified. Flavius gets a taste of the  whip.)  Need any help, Doctor?  Such emotions are foreign to me, Doctor. I'm merely testing the  strength of the door.  Doctor, I am seeking a means of escape. Will you please be  brief?  Yes, that's quite true.  Oh, yes. You humans have that emotional need to express  gratitude. You're welcome, I believe, is the correct response. However,  Doctor, you must remember I am entirely motivated by logic. The loss of  our ship's surgeon, whatever I think of his skill, would mean a  reduction in the efficiency of the Enterprise and therefore  Really, Doctor?  What did they do to you?  I wish we could have examined that belief of his more closely.  It seems illogical for a sun worshiper to develop a philosophy of total  brotherhood. Sun worship is usually a primitive superstition religion.  It will replace their imperial Rome, but it will happen in their  twentieth century. 
No life form readings, Captain. Continuing scan.  I am getting readings on small metallic objects, Captain. It is  possible the ship was destroyed in space and the survivors proceeded  here in a shuttle craft.  Confirmed.  (A male in an orange suit and a female in a blue outfit approach the  party.)  Interesting. A neural field?  What brings you here?  Why use our vessel? Why not transmit a message to your galaxy?  Fascinating material. Similar to diburnium, but considerably  more dense. I doubt even phaser fire could disturb its molecular  structure.  No, Doctor. More than that. They registered as perfect human  life forms. I recall noting the readings were almost classic textbook  responses. Most curious.  The chances are very much against it.  Gentlemen, I'm constrained to point out we do not even know what  this projector looks like.  Possible. I would have to have one to examine.  Yes, I recall, Captain. I led him to believe we had escaped.  I shall attempt it.  (Kelinda seems to be getting nervous as Spock makes his attempt, then  he is suddenly thrown across the cell. They go to his aid, Kelinda  enters and Kirk grabs her and knocks her out. He takes the belt  device.)  Yes, I will be all right, Captain. We must hurry. [Planet surface] (But as they come running out of their cell, Rojan  and Hanar immobilise them. Kelinda walks over and is given her device  back.)  Yes, quite all right, Doctor.  I did not break it, Doctor. I was thrown away by something I've  never experienced before.  A series of bizarre and exotic images bursting on my mind and  consciousness. Colours, shapes, mathematical equations fused and  blurred. I've been attempting to isolate them, but so far I've been  able to recall clearly only one. Immense beings, a hundred limbs which  resemble tentacles. Minds of such control and capacity that each limb  is capable of performing a different function.  Undoubtedly.  I'm dubious of the possibilities of success, Captain. The  medical equipment is not designed to put out a great deal of power. The  polarized elements would burn out quickly.  A small one.  I assure you, Captain, I am in perfect health.  We find it more restful to the body than your so-called  vacation.  It will take me a moment to prepare.  I've located their power source, captain. It's installed in  Engineering.  Whatever it is we must do, it is impossible.  This material surrounding the projector is the same as I  discovered on the planet. Readings indicate it is impervious to any of  our weapons. We cannot penetrate the casing to get to the machine.  There is one other possibility, Mister Scott. The final  decision, of course, must be the captain's, but  I believe we must have it ready for him. The Enterprise is propelled by  matter-anti-matter reactors. The barrier we must traverse is negative  energy.  Nor I. But it must be made available to the captain. [Corridor] (Spock and Scott meet up with Kirk.)  Impossible, Captain. The power source is protected by a material  we cannot breach even with our phasers. Mister Scott and I have  prepared the means for the only logical alternative available to us.  The barrier we must penetrate is composed of negative energy.  When we engage the barrier, the ship will explode. The Kelvans  will be stopped here.  Sensors indicate density negative, radiation negative, energy  negative. (Kirk starts chewing his nails with indecision) All  instruments off the dials, Captain. We are in contact with the  barrier.  Instruments returning to normal, Captain.  Life support systems sustaining on emergency.  I have reviewed ship's personnel, Captain. It appears we four  are the only ones the Kelvans consider essential.  Captain?  (They look over at Tomar, who is enjoying his meal.)  Most curious.  The isolated glimpses of things I saw when I touched Kelinda's  mind are beginning to coalesce in my consciousness. The Kelvans have  superior intellectual capacity. To achieve it, they have apparently  sacrificed anything which would tend to distract them. Perceptive  senses such as taste, touch, smell, and, of course, emotions.  Yes. Quite correct, Captain. But they have taken human form and  are therefore having human reaction.  That seems reasonable.  Yes. Humans are very peculiar. I often find them unfathomable,  but an interesting psychological study.  I believe you're referring to a kiss. But it is my understanding  that such apologies are usually exchanged between people who have some  affection for each other.  Your game is off. Are you disturbed by the incident?  You've known Kelinda for some time. She's a Kelvan as you are.  Among humans, I've found the symptoms you're displaying usually  indicate jealousy.  Captain Kirk seems to find her quite attractive.  You are not jealous?  Nor upset?  Checkmate. [Scott's quarters] Rojan has exhibited symptoms of jealousy.  (Kelinda enters.)  Doctor, I'm due for another injection of stokaline.  Stokaline.  Automatic sensors and various other recording devices require  monitoring and periodic adjustments.  If you wish, I shall call him to the bridge.  I left him in the recreation room.  No, Kelinda was with him. She seemed anxious to speak to him.  It would appear, sir, that you have little control over her. Or  perhaps Captain Kirk has more.  (Rojan leaves the bridge.)  [Scott's quarters] (The last drops of Scotch go into Tomar's glass.)  Rojan, you are only a link in a chain, following an order given  three hundred years ago. This is an opportunity for you to establish a  destiny of your own.  A robot ship could be sent to Kelva with the Federation  proposal. 
One degree to overlap. Stand by to  photograph. Now.  Negative, Lieutenant. We are the first to reach this far.  Deflectors, full intensity.  Evasive maneuvers, Mister Sulu.  Sound alarm.  Countermand alarm. All engines full stop.  Ahead slow. Steer a course around it, Mister Sulu.  Quite unnecessary to raise your voice, Mister Bailey. All  engines stop. Sound the alert.  Have a look at this, Captain.  Undetermined. Whatever it is, it's blocking our way. When  we move, it moves as well.  Negative. More some type of device.  Spock here.  Negative. Whatever it is, it seems to just want to hold us  here.  Negative.  All decks have reported green, Mister Bailey.  And when the Captain arrives he will expect a full report on  It does sound most inconvenient, however. Have you considered  having it removed?  Spock here.  Negative.  Affirmative. No answer from the cube.  Already standing by.  [Bridge] Reporting, sir. Sensors show it is solid,  but its composition is unknown to us.  I believe it adds up to either one of two possibilities. First,  a space buoy of some kind.  Flypaper.  Negative. It would make us appear too weak.  Radiation from the short end of the spectrum increasing.  Radiation increasing.  Radiation nearing the tolerance level.  Radiation at the tolerance level.  Radiation passing the tolerance level, entering lethal zone.  Growing. We can take only a few more seconds of this.  Nothing, Captain. No contacts, no objects in  any direction.  Speculate? No. Logically, we'll discover the intelligence which  sent out the cube.  Probably both, and if you're asking the logical decision to make    Has it occurred to you that there's a certain inefficiency in  constantly questioning me on things you've already made up your mind  about?  Exercise rating, Captain. Ninety four percent.  Agreed.  We're picking up an object, sir. Much larger, coming toward  us.  Exceptionally strong contact. Not visual  yet. Distant spectrograph. Metallic, similar to cube. Much greater  energy reading.  Tractor beam, Captain. Something's grabbed us, hard.  Fascinating.  Reading goes off my scale, Captain. Must be a mile in diameter.  Captain, we're being invaded by exceptionally strong sensor  probes everywhere. Our electrical systems, our engines.  They're shutting off some of our systems, Captain. Brilliant.  Extremely sophisticated in their methods.  Enough to warn other Earth ships.  Marker on course. Heading back the way we (big bang)  Might be interesting to see what they look like if I can locate  where that voice is coming from. (McCoy and Scott enter)  Switching to screen. I believe I can get something visual.  I was curious to see how they appeared.  Jim.  They're certainly aware by now that we're totally incapable of  it.  In chess, when one is outmatched, the game is over. Checkmate.  I'm s, I regret that I can find no other logical alternative.  However, it was well played. I regret not having learned more  about this Balok. In some manner he was reminiscent of my father.  Quite the contrary. She considered herself a very fortunate  Earth woman.  A very interesting game, this poker.  I have visual contact, Captain.  About two thousand metric tons.  Engine systems coming on, Captain.  Tractor beam again.  He's sneaked power down a bit.  We're superheating. Intermix temperature, seven thousand four  hundred degrees. Seven five, seven six, eight thousand degrees.  (everything is juddering, the little ship is getting brighter and  brighter)  Two thousand degrees above maximum. Eight four, eight five,  eight six. She'll blow soon!  That may not be wise. He got a signal through to the mother ship.  For it, Captain?  Captain, request permission to 
How is the power transmitted?  Do these waves cease while you are asleep?  Thirty five.  Fascinating. I believe we're experiencing the psychokinetic  manifestations of Parmen's delirium. [Bridge] (Even the Enterprise is rocking.)  How does one obtain the power?  Captain, it will be very gratifying to leave here.  Even if he shouldn't.  Doctor McCoy, you may yet cure the common cold.  Obviously Parmen does not wish any contact made with the  Enterprise.  To shut out any knowledge of his brutal treatment of a Starfleet  captain.  Agreed, Captain. And Parmen wouldn't have treated you so  brutally if he had any intention of releasing you or the Enterprise.  (McCoy suddenly stands up stiffly and moves towards the door.)  Whose harmony? Yours? Plato wanted truth and beauty, and above  all, justice.  Two spacemen marching to a drum.  I trust they did not injure you too much, Captain.  The humiliation must have been most difficult for you to bear. I  can understand.  That may be, Doctor. However, I have noted that the healthy  release of emotion is frequently very unhealthy for those closest to  you.  So it would seem. Captain.  Do you still feel anger toward Parmen?  And you, Doctor?  Then you must release it, gentlemen, as I must master mine. I  might have seriously injured you, Captain, even killed you. They have  evoked such great hatred in me, I cannot allow it to go further. I must  master it. I must control.  (Spock breaks a goblet with one hand.)  Alexander, it is possible for you to recall how long after you  arrived here that that power began to develop?  And would you know how many months' supplies you brought with  you?  That's close enough, Alexander. Fascinating. Their power  developed two or three months after they started eating the native  foods.  Then it is logical to assume that there is a connection between  the psychokinetic power and the eating of the native foods.  Perhaps his system cannot absorb the crucial element.  The probabilities are that Alexander was born with some  biochemical deficiency relative to Platonius.  The pituitary hormones confirm the hypothesis. They also  regulate body growth.  Yes. It's also obvious why Parmen kept this little utopia  secret. Anyone coming down here and remaining long enough would acquire  the power.  The point is well taken. However, the psychokinetic power is not  additive. If it were, considering the Platonians' hostile propensities,  two or three of them would have combined forces centuries ago and  deposed Parmen.  The time factor concerns me. It may take days or even weeks  before there's enough build up from the kironide to be of any benefit  to us.  I have experienced a slight flush, Captain.  (singing) Take care, young ladies, and value your wine. Be  watchful of young men in their velvet prime.  Deeply they'll swallow from your finest kegs. Then swiftly be gone  leaving bitter dregs. Ah, bitter dregs.  With smiling words and tender touch. Man offers little and asks for so  much"  He loves in the breathless excitement of night, then leaves with your  treasure in cold morning light. Ah, in cold morning light"  We have tried.  I haven't the power. I'm deeply sorry. We've failed you.  Quite possible and logical.  (Spock throws away the poker.)  That would be highly uncharacteristic. We must expect, Parmen,  that the moment we leave here, your fear would be gone and you would  again be as sadistic and as arrogant as your twenty five hundred years  have made you. 
Do we have maximum magnification, Lieutenant?  Very archaic type, Captain. Sub light speed.  It would appear that the Enterprise is the target, Captain.  Yes, Captain?  Correct, Captain. We are approaching those co-ordinates.  An asteroid, two hundred miles in diameter.  Negative, Captain. We've had that area on scanners constantly.  Correct, Captain.  Typical asteroid chemically, but it is not orbiting. It is  pursing an independent course through this solar system.  It is under power, Captain. And correcting for all gravitational  stresses.  Atomic. Very archaic. Leaving a trail of debris and hard  radiation.  Asteroid has an outer shell, which is hollow. It surrounds an  independent inner core, which has a breathable atmosphere. Sensors read  no life forms.  Then the passengers, or builders, are dead.  Interesting.  The course Ensign Chekov just gave for the asteroid would put it  on a collision course with Daran Five.  Correct. Population approximately three billion and seven  hundred twenty four million, if memory serves me correctly. Estimated  time of impact three hundred ninety six days.  One fails to see the logic in making a ship look like a planet.  The asteroid ship is over ten thousand years old, Doctor. Still  no sign of life forms, Captain.  (Two tubes lift up to reveal openings and aggressive men in plaid suits  leap out and attack them. A woman watches. McCoy sees her and gets  knocked out. Kirk and Spock are overpowered. The phasers and  communicators are handed to her.)  The doctor must have received an excessively large electrical  shock.  Nothing else could've caused this, Captain. At least nothing  that has happened here.  May I ask precisely what is troubling the doctor?  Yes. I know of it, Captain.  Very well, Doctor. The Captain and I seem to have suffered no  ill effects.  Captain, informing these people they're on a ship may be in  violation of the Prime Directive of Starfleet Command.  Logical, Captain.  Also logical, Captain.  He said it was forbidden to climb the mountains.  Indeed, Doctor. The young lady did show a marked preference for  your company.  We are very interested in your world.  Incredible as it may seem, these people have  no idea they're living on a spaceship.  Captain, the Oracle room.  I believe that I can. (Kirks stops him as women walks past) The  writing is definitely Fabrini, Captain. I recognise it.  Yes. Towards the end, the Fabrini people lived underground, as  these people do, to protect themselves.  Captain. If I remember correctly, the oracle's reprehensible  conduct was initiated when Natira knelt on that platform.  Nothing here which would indicate this is anything but a planet.  There's no question but that the creators would be considered gods.  (They spot an unusual obelisk.)  Eight planets, Captain. That is the number in the Fabrina solar  system.  And no doubt they've been in flight on this asteroid ship for  ten thousand years.  (The door opens. They hide behind the obelisk as Natira enters and  kneels on the platform.)  Your decision is most illogical, Doctor.  I believe it's time to move on.  She evidently understood something. There are no guards to  detain us.  [Oracle room] Temperature one hundred eleven degrees and rising.  Temperature one hundred fifteen degrees.  One hundred twenty degrees.  Yes, it is.  It refers to the altar. Apply pressure to the centre until it  opens.  (The altar slides forward, revealing a small door to another room which  is also shimmering in the heat. A room full of 1960's IBM-style  computers. Spock gets to work flipping switches.)  I've neutralised the heating elements. [Oracle room] (It cools very quickly.)  There seems to be a weakness in one of the eight tubes.  Yes. Let me check that engine. A very simple problem, easy to  correct. [Oracle room] I believe we can attempt the course  correction, Captain.  Guidance control's taking over. I believe we can allow this ship  to go back to its automatic control.  (spotting shelves of discs) Captain. Intelligence files. Their  banks contain the total knowledge of the Fabrini, ready for the people  to consult  when they arrive at their destination. (scans them) And they seem to  have amassed a great deal of medical knowledge.  [Sickbay] (McCoy is on the biobed. Chapel gives him an  injection at Spock's signal.)  Your haemoglobin count is back to normal, Doctor, which  indicates that the flow of oxygen to each cell of your body is back up  to its abundantly energetic level. 
That is a very intriguing question. Scanners show no  disturbances in this quadrant, Captain.  Doctor, didn't the boy make any reference at all to Thasians?  Charlie's very existence proves in fact there must be some  intelligent form of life on Thasus. He could not possibly have survived  alone. The ship's food concentrates would have been exhausted in a year  or so.  Probes of Thasus indicate very little edible plant life.  Affirmative, Captain.  Picking up some debris on our scanners, Captain.  The debris is what's left of the Antares.  Your mind is not on the game, Captain. Check. The Antares?  My own concern is more immediate. The boy.  He seemed to know what happened to the Antares before we did.  And again, check.  Your illogical approach to chess does have its advantages on  occasion, Captain.  As you wish. At any rate, the game is yours.  The principles of three-dimensional chess are basically  mathematic, Charlie. You put the white here and the black on the  secondary level.  Very well. (just three moves later) That was a mistake, Charlie.    Checkmate.  If you'll excuse me.  (Spock leaves. Charlie melts the white chess pieces.) [Corridor] Thasians have been referred to in our  records as having the power to transmute objects or render substances  invisible.  It has generally been regarded as legend, but Charlie does seems to  possess this same power.  Agreed.  The probability is he's responsible for the destruction of the  Antares, which would indicate a total disregard for human life.  And with a weapon in him which could destroy you or anyone,  anywhere on this ship.  Agreed. The struggle must remain between you and him. Should any  of us interfere  (Charlie enters under guard)  We're in the hands of an adolescent.  [Bridge] Yes, sir. There's a Tyger, tyger, burning bright in the forest  of the night.  I'm trying to Saturn rings around my head, down a road that's  Martian red.  Once upon a midnight dreary while I pondered, weak and weary.  Jim, he'll soon reach a point where he won't back down.  My legs. They're broken.  I'll activate the force field myself. You  can return to your section.  Out of the question.  Not so far as we know.  Captain, the navigation console is clear now. The ship is  answering the helm.  Sensors show there something's there, Captain. Deflectors  indicate no solid substance. 
Spock here.  Standard ion type, Captain, but quite  violent (Enterprise shakes) and unpredictable. [Planet surface] If we stay.  Comply, Mister Sulu.  At norm, Mister Kyle. Controls at neutral.  Status of mission, Captain?  Standard procedure, Captain? (Kirk nods) Mister Sulu, you will  programme phaser barrage on Halkan cities.  Their military capability, Captain?  Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide. Mister Kyle,  you were instructed to compensate during the ion storm.  Carelessness with the equipment cannot be tolerated.  Your agoniser.  Your agoniser, please.  (A guard restrains Kyle and takes a device from his belt.)  Mister Scott, the storm has caused some  minor damage in your section. There are also injuries requiring your  attention, Doctor. Well, gentlemen?  Yes.  Due to your error, Mister Kyle?  Possibly a result of the severe storm. Captain, do you feel any  abnormal effects?  Planet's rotation is carrying primary target beyond arc of  phaser lock.  Lock on to secondary city.  Captain?  But we cannot expect their co-operation. They have refused the  Empire. Command procedure dictates that we provide the customary  example.  A serious breach of orders, Captain.  Twelve hours, Captain? That is unprecedented.  Captain, you've placed yourself in a most grave position. This  conduct must be reported.  I think not. Your authority on this ship is extremely limited,  Captain. The four of you will remain her in the Brig and in custody  until I discover how to return you to wherever it is you belong.  I can answer none of your questions at this time.  Apparently some kind of transposition has taken place. I find it  extremely interesting.  Fascinating.  Captain, I am pleased that you frustrated  Mister Chekov's plan. I should regret your death.  I do not desire the captaincy. I much prefer my scientific  duties. I am frankly content to be a lesser target.  The agony booth is a most effective means of discipline. I  presume you've ordered full duration.  Indeed. His act warrants death.  That is, of course, your affair. Captain, may I inquire if you  intend to persist in your unusual course of action regarding the  Halkans?  (They continue walking. Farrell joins Spock's personal guard walking  behind his master.)  They are, of course, in contradiction to standard Empire  procedure. You cannot ignore the consequences.  I do not threaten, Captain. I merely state facts. I have found  you to be an excellent officer. Our missions together have been both  successful and profitable. However, I shall not permit your aberrations  to jeopardise my position.  Terror must be maintained or the Empire is doomed. It is the  logic of history.  Captain, I do not wish to find myself opposing you, but if you  continue on your present course, this confusing, inexplicable  behaviour,  I'm aware of that, Captain. I trust that you are aware of the  reverse.  (Spock and his bodyguard leave.)  Mister Spock, Captain.  I have received a private communication from Starfleet Command.  I am committing a breach of regulations by informing you of its  contents. [Kirk's quarters] I am instructed to wait until planet dawn  over principal target to permit you to carry out our mission. [Kirk's quarters] In that event, I am ordered to kill you and  to proceed against the Halkans as the new captain of the Enterprise.  Captain's log, stardate unknown. We are trapped in  a savage, parallel universe from which we must escape within four  hours, or I will face a death sentence at Mister Spock's hands.  [Kirk's quarters] Computer?  Explain computer activity in the engineering section.  Who is conducting the research?  What is the nature of the research?  Why are you monitoring my communications, Mister Sulu? [Bridge] That is my concern. [Bridge] If I am successful, you see yourself a step  nearer to the captaincy. I do not want to command the Enterprise, but  if it should befall me, I suggest you remember that my operatives would  avenge my death and some of them are Vulcans. [Kirk's quarters] (Marlena has changed into something more  comfortable.)  Please restrict your movements, Captain.  I shall make that decision. Since your return from the planet,  you've behaved in a most atypical and illogical manner. I want to know  why.  I shall not waste time with you. You're too inflexible, too  disciplined once you've made up your mind. But Doctor McCoy has a  plenitude of human weaknesses, sentimental, soft. You may not tell me  what I want to know, but he will.  I have the phaser, Captain, and I do not intend to simply  disappear as so many of your opponents have in the past. If you please.  Sickbay. [Sickbay] Yes, of course. The entire landing party.  Captain, stand over there. Doctor, it is time for answers.  (Kirk knocks the phaser out of Spock's hand, and he and Scott try to  fight him. Even Uhura gets pushed around. Finally, she hands Kirk a  skull and he smashes it over Spock's head. He falls, unconscious.)  (sitting up and grabbing McCoy's arm) Why did the captain let me  live?  (He pushes him against the wall and does a mind meld.)  Our minds are merging, Doctor. Our minds are one. I feel what  you feel. I know what you know. [Transporter room] (Marlena is waiting for them.)  I cut the transporter power. It was necessary to delay your  beam-out until I could arrive. Take him.  (Scott guides McCoy to the transporter pad.)  Engineering, re-activate main transporter circuits.  You must return to your universe. I must have my captain back. I  shall operate the transporter. You have two minutes and ten seconds.  Approximately two hundred and forty years.  The Empire shall be overthrown, of course.  You have one minute and twenty three seconds.  One man cannot summon the future.  A man must also have the power.  Indeed?  It is time.  Captain Kirk, I shall consider it.  (He beams them away.) [Transporter room] (Back on the 'proper' Enterprise, in the right  uniforms.)  Welcome home, Captain. [Bridge] It was far easier for you as civilised men to behave like  barbarians, than it was for them as barbarians to behave like civilised men. I assume  they returned to their Enterprise at the same time you appeared here.  Indeed, gentlemen. May I point out that I had an opportunity to  observe your counterparts here quite closely. They were brutal, savage,  unprincipled, uncivilised, treacherous, In every way, splendid examples  of homo sapiens, the very flower of humanity. I found them quite  refreshing.  You've met her before, Captain?  Your reaction, One of recognition. 
Astronomical, Captain. The relative size, age and composition of  this planet makes it highly improbable that it would evolve similarly  to Earth in any way.  An alien metal of some kind. An alloy resistant to probe.  Readings can't even measure its age accurately. These incised symbols  are fascinating. Evidently, some form of writing.  Negative, Captain. Structures of this complexity require  extremely sophisticated building apparatus, the kind usually found in  cultures surpassing or equalling our own.  Bearing one one seven mark four.  If we are to divert the asteroid which is on a collision course  with this planet, we must warp out of orbit within thirty minutes.  Every second we delay arriving at the deflection point compounds the  problem, perhaps past solution.  Yes, sir.  They are, Doctor. A mixture of Navajo, Mohican, and Delaware, I  believe. All among the more advanced and peaceful tribes.  Highly improbable, Captain. Sensor probes indicate only one type  of life form here.  Too primitive to grasp the concept of space flight, Doctor. Our  appearance here would only confuse and frighten them.  Doctor?  I suggest that any further research on your part be delayed  until after we have diverted the asteroid.  Spock to Enterprise.  Prepare to beam us up, Mister Scott. We're warping out of orbit.    Doctor, that asteroid is almost as large as your Earth's moon.  Far enough away, the angle necessary to divert it enough to avoid  destruction is minute, but as the asteroid approaches this planet, the  angle becomes so great that even the power of a starship  If we arrive at the deflection point in time, it may not get  here at all.  Once the asteroid has been diverted, we'll return here and  resume the search.  (picking up two stoned to illustrate his point) Doctor, assume  this is the planet we're on. This is the approaching asteroid. If we  don't get to that deflection point in time, it will become physically  impossible to divert this asteroid. In that case, everyone on this  planet will die, including the captain.  In the time it's taken me to explain the problem, the asteroid  has moved from here to here. The longer we delay, the less the  likelihood of being able to divert it. Beam us up, Mister Scott.  [Obelisk chamber] Stress or not, we cannot reduce speed. I do  not intend to miss that [Engineering] Deflection point.  Objection noted, Mister Scott. Carry on. [Lodge] Full power, Mister Scott.  Then bypass the relays and go to manual control. [Bridge] I want full power, Mister Scott.  Magnification factor twelve, Mister Sulu.  All engines stop. Hold position here.  Prepare to activate deflectors.  Engineering, maintain full power. Full power.  Not now.  Activate deflectors.  (A beam shoots out and pulses against the big lump of rock.)  Degree of deflection, Mister Sulu.  Recircuit power to engines. Maximum speed heading three seven  mark zero one zero.  Correct, Mister Chekov. I intend to retreat in front of that  asteroid until we can employ all power on phaser beams.  To destroy it. A narrow beam concentrated on a single spot will  split that mass.  Incorrect. We'll still be able to get out of its path by use of  impulse power.  That, Doctor, is another calculated risk we must take.  [Lakeside] (Miramanee has just filled a skin with water.)  Co-ordinates, Mister Chekov.  That is our target. The asteroid's weakest point.  Lock all phasers on that mark. Maximum intensity, narrow beam. I  want to split that fissure wide open.  Very astute, Doctor.  We'll fire in sequence and continue firing as long as Mister  Scott can maintain power.  Fire phasers.  Rig for simultaneous firing, Mister Sulu. Commence simultaneous  bombardment. [Engineering] (There are flashes and a sizzling sound from the  engines, then they go dark.)  Estimated repair time? {Engineering] I've already surmised that. Thank you, Mister Scott.  I accept the responsibility, Doctor.  Mister Chekov, resume heading eight eight three mark four one.  Exactly fifty nine point two two three days, Doctor, and that  asteroid will be four hours behind us all the way.  Another calculated Vulcan risk, Doctor.  [lodge] (Miramanee is attended by three young women,  preparing her for her wedding.)  There isn't time, Doctor. I must decipher those obelisk's  symbols. They're a highly advanced form of cipher writing.  I'm aware of that, Doctor. I'm also aware when we arrive at the  planet, we'll have barely four hours to effect rescue. I believe those  symbols are the key.  I am not hungry, Doctor. And under stress, we Vulcans can do  without sleep for weeks.  My physical condition is not important, Doctor. That obelisk is.    You prescribed rest, Doctor. The symbols on the obelisk are not  words. They are musical notes.  In a way, yes. Other cultures, among them certain Vulcan  offshoots, use musical notes as words. The tones correspond roughly to  an alphabet.  Yes. The obelisk is a marker, just as I thought. It was left by  a super-race known as the Preservers. They passed through the galaxy  rescuing primitive cultures which were in danger of extinction and  seeding them, so to speak, where they could live and grow.  So have I. Apparently the Preservers account for a number of  them.  Which has now become defective and is failing to operate.  Precisely, Doctor.  [Obelisk] (Salish has brought a crowd armed with stones.)  Spock to Enterprise.  We've located the captain. Beam down Nurse Chapel with an  emergency surgical kit.  Hallucinations?  (Chapel beams down.)  The nurse has given you something to ease the pain. Why were you  being stoned?  Naturally, since he did not come from there.  : Can you help him?  Time, Doctor McCoy, is the one thing we do not have in  abundance. (communicator beeps) Spock here.  Report noted. Doctor, is he strong enough for the Vulcan mind  fusion?  I am Spock. You are James Kirk. Our minds are moving closer.  Closer, closer, closer, James Kirk. Closer.  James Kirk.  Our minds are one.  I am Kir  Spock!  (He breaks the link)  His mind. He is an extremely dynamic individual.  Captain, were you inside this structure?  This obelisk is one huge deflector mechanism. It is imperative  that we get inside immediately. Captain, we do not have much time.  If we are not able to gain entry and activate the deflector  mechanism within the next fifty minutes, this entire planet will be  destroyed.  I already have to some extent, Captain. They are musical notes.  That would be one method. Another would be a series of tonal  qualities spoken in their proper sequence.  If you could remember your exact words, Captain.  It is similar to deflector panels I've seen,  Captain, but far more complicated.  Probably a memory beam. You must have activated it out of  sequence.  I do have an excellent eye for musical notes, Captain. They  would seem to indicate that this series of relays activated in their  proper 
Captain, we've reached the designated  position for scanning the coded directive tape.  Strategically sound. Organia is the only Class M planet in the  disputed area, ideally located for use by either side.  Inhabited by humanoids. A very peaceful, friendly people living  on a primitive level. Little of intrinsic value. Approximately Class D  minus on Richter's scale of cultures.  Sir?  We've hit him, Captain. He's hurt.  Minor, Captain. We were most fortunate. Blast damage in decks  ten and eleven, minor buckling in the antimatter pods, casualties very  light.  Yes. It would seem to be an unfriendly act.  Curious how often you humans manage to obtain that which you do  not want.  With the outbreak of hostilities, that might not be easy.  Negotiating with the Organians will be time-consuming, Captain,  and time is one thing we'll have the least of.  Yes. Curious lack of interest. Notice the ruins in the distance,  Captain. Quite large.  Whatever it is, it would seem to be inconsistent with the  reports we've been given on this culture.  (A man in a loose purple robe opens his arms wide.)  It would seem so.  Captain, if you don't mind, I should like to wander about the  village and make some studies.  Captain, our information on these people and their culture was  not correct. This is not a primitive society making progress toward  mechanisation. They are totally stagnant. There is no evidence of any  progress as far back as my tricorder can register.  Nevertheless, it is true. For tens of thousands of years, there  has been absolutely no advancement, no significant change in their  physical environment. This is a laboratory specimen of an arrested  culture.  Negative, Captain, but it seems a logical development.  So it would seem. Not a very pleasant prospect.  Captain, our phasers are gone.  Vulcan merchants are not uncommon, Captain. It is a practical  approach.  I am Spock, a dealer in kevas and trillium.  Perfectly, Baroner. But it was an interesting experience.  Not necessary, Commander. I understand you very well.  (He leaves, followed by the guard.)  It should not be underestimated, Captain. It reaches directly  into the mind. We Vulcans have certain mental (a Klingon walks past)  certain disciplines which enable me to maintain a shield. Without those  disciplines, there would be no protection.  I'm sorry, sir. We did not notice you.  Captain, I strongly suggest we direct our energies toward the  immediate problem. Accomplishing our mission here.  I thought you might.  We'll receive no help from the Organians.  Verbal persuasion seems to be ineffective. Perhaps a more direct  approach?  You did.  A very meritorious idea, Captain.  I'm certain the Klingons will provide whatever is necessary.  It's a pleasure doing business with you, Mister Spock. [Kor's Headquarters] (Kirk jumps one Klingon and hauls his unconscious  body away. Spock primes a grenade, presumably from the munitions dump.)    With a delayed action fuse.  KIRK; Good.  These crates contain chemical explosives. They should make a  most satisfactory display.  (He casually drops the grenade into a box, and they run.)  Six, five, four three.  (There's a short but bright fireworks show.)  Our fleet will eventually arrive. In the meantime, the battle is  ours. It can be a successful one.  It's no use, Jim. There's no way out.  (Later.)  Six hours, forty three minutes, if the Klingons are punctual.  They do not seem to understand. Most peculiar.  We may not get the chance, Captain. These walls are very thick.  Nor do we understand what happened to the guard at the citadel.  Indeed, there are several questions I would like to ask as well.    It would appear so, Captain.  But only two. More Organians will die.  Difficult to be precise, Captain. I should say approximately  7,824.7 to 1.  7,824.7 to 1.  I endeavour to be accurate.  Very good.  Clear, Captain.  Less than seven thousand to one, Captain. It's remarkable we've  got this far.  (taking his weapon) I believe you'll find that several of them  are no longer in perfect operating condition.  You may be premature. There are many possibilities.  Inexplicable, Captain. Extreme heat. Not only the weapons but  the bodies as well.  (Ayelborne and Claymare come in.)  Fascinating. Pure energy. Pure thought. Totally incorporeal. Not  life as we know it at all.  Conventionalisations, I should say. Useless to the Organians.  Created so that visitors such as ourselves, could have conventional  points of reference.  We have seen it with our own eyes. I should say the Organians  are as far above us on the evolutionary scale as we are above the  amoeba.  You've been most restrained since we left  Organia.  Captain, it took millions of years for the Organians to evolve  into what they are. Even the gods did not spring into being overnight.  You and I have no reason to be embarrassed. We did, after all, beat the  odds. 
Captain. I wonder why he's insistent that our tactical aides  come down.  Perhaps, Captain, but nevertheless  Doctor, you are a sensualist.  Those messages we got, Captain, the one directing us here  yesterday.  Captain, impulses that direction. Very weak, possibly a survivor.  Getting another life reading, Captain.  Not survivors. Not warm-blooded. Living creatures, but not human.  Azimuth ninety three degrees, range one five seven zero yards.  We're hopelessly outnumbered here, Captain. It's those  disruptors versus our hand phasers.  Sulu is an experienced combat officer.  Nor can they at us at the moment. Not unless they moved their  original position. That intervening high ground.  About one hundred yards in that direction. But after an attack  as thorough as this one  How is he, Doctor?  They're moving. I've got to get to the Captain.  (He joins Kirk in the bomb crater, where a grenade launcher is being  set up)  Locked on to the enemy, Captain. They're moving toward the high  ground. (fizzing sound and smoke) They've locked on to my tricorder.  (He throws it away and it goes bang)  Very ingenious. They fed back my own impulses and built up an  overload.  Any word from the Enterprise?  Very clever. As to the reason?  You allude to invasion, Captain, yet positive proof  Not necessarily, sir. Several possible explanations  Very well, then. If that's the case, you must make certain that  the alien vessel never reaches its home base.  Virtually nothing, Captain. No records of any explorations.  There are rumours of certain strange signals on subspace channels.  However, none has ever been recorded.  Nothing specific, Captain. Unscientific rumours only. More like  space legends.  A sustained warp seven speed will be dangerous, Captain.  You mean to destroy the alien ship, Captain?  I thought perhaps the hot pursuit alone might be sufficient.  Destruction might be unnecessary.  The destruction of the alien vessel will not help that colony,  Jim.  I merely suggested that a regard for sentient life  Very clear, Captain.  It would appear someone is curious about us.  Computer lock ready, Captain. All systems standing by.  Same as the alien, Captain.  All systems report normal, Captain. No ascertainable damage.  KIRK; Then what is it?  We're being held in place, Captain, apparently from that solar  system.  KIRK; This far out? That's impossible.  We are being held.  No, sir. An unidentifiable power.  (The lights flicker and the viewscreen goes psychedelic.)  Have you tried overload?  How about bypassing the transformer banks? Feed the impulse  engines directly.  Lieutenant Uhura, have sensors learned anything about the nature  of the force which holds us here?  No indication of its composition? Gravimetric? Magnetic?  Electronic?  Leave channel one open, Lieutenant, just in  case.  I'm going to wait, Doctor. There's little else I can do.  If I could help him, I would. I cannot.  He's out there, Doctor. Out there somewhere in a thousand cubic  parsecs of space, and there's absolutely nothing we can do to help him.  [Planet surface] (Running up a slope, Kirk comes across a clump of  mature bamboo. Good, solid, hollow stems, but he doesn't regard them as  suitable clubs. He carries on gaining height. Meanwhile, the Gorn is  using trailing vines to construct something. Kirk comes across an  outcrop of minerals, and decides to tell us what they are.)  This is the U.S.S. Enterprise calling the  Metrons. Our channels are open. Come in, please. We urgently desire a  conference. Please answer. [Planet surface] (Kirk hobbles up to a rock face with bright yellow  powder spread across it, and takes a rest. We keep cutting to the Gorn,  who can hear everything he says, remember.)  But it has happened, Doctor.  (Dimmed lights and swirly viewscreen again)  Yes, indeed, Doctor, if only there were. Notice the substance  encrusting that rock. Yes. Unless I'm mistaken, it's potassium nitrate.    Perhaps nothing, Doctor. (Kirk tastes the mineral and spits it  out) Perhaps everything.  (The bridge crew watch as enlightenment dawns and Kirk goes off in  It may well be possible, Doctor. We know very little about that  section of the galaxy.  Perhaps. That is something best decided by diplomats.  Yes.  (They watch as Kirk returns to the bamboo clump and picks out a short,  wide stem.)  Fascinating. Good. Good. (Kirk cuts vines to length against a  rock) He knows, Doctor. He has reasoned it out.  (Potassium nitrate gets shoveled into the bamboo)  Yes. Yes.  Recall your basic chemistry, Doctor. Gunpowder.  If he has the time, Doctor. If he has the time.  (The cannon is strengthened with the vine tied around it, and the  gunpowder gets rammed home with a small branch. Finally the diamonds go  in, and a piece of torn trouser will serve as a fuse, once he can raise  a spark from a stone and the translating device. Fire is created as the  Gorn approaches him from behind. Seeing the danger, he braces the  cannon and fires it. The explosion blows the bamboo apart, and also  incapacitates his opponent. Kirk picks up his fallen stone dagger and  puts the point to the Gorn's windpipe, but cannot administer the coup  de grace.)  After you touched off your primitive cannon, Captain, we lost  the picture the Metron was sending us.  KIRK; You saw what happened down there?  Most of it. I would be interested in knowing what finally  happened.  I've frequently had my doubts.  A thousand years, Captain?  Well, that gives us a little time. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Something wrong?  Perhaps you're making a rather hasty judgment. Mister Norman has  only been aboard seventy two hours.  Specifics, Doctor. Labels do not make arguments.  I see.  I find your argument strewn with gaping defects in logic.  That's not at all surprising, Doctor. He's probably terrified of  your beads and rattles.  [Auxiliary Control] (Norman enters.)  Interesting.  Confirmed, Captain. He's taken out all the override controls. If  we tamper without knowing where the trigger relay is,  we could extinguish ourselves.  And most sophisticated.  (attempting a mind meld) He simply appears to have turned  himself off, Captain. And since we cannot repair the damage he has done  without destroying the ship  Five hundred of the same model? That seems rather redundant.  He did not pay royalties.  The guilty party has his choice. Death by electrocution, death  by gas, death by phaser, death by hanging.  You went to substantial risk and effort to bring a starship  here. Logically, you must have a compelling motive.  Then I'm unable to discern your problem.  Whom do you serve now?  We are, and we must direct our attack to the heart of the  matter. Obviously this many androids cannot operate independently.  There must be a central control system which guides the entire android  population.  Very interesting. Very interesting. This is a most unusual  device.  Did I understand there are more than two hundred thousand of  you?  This would seem to be a simple relay centre. Are all of you  controlled through this device?  Oh, that's quite understandable. [Model display area] (Two brunettes in pink are being shown to Kirk and  Uhura.)  Captain, I've just had a most fascinating  meeting with Norman, and I'm convinced I've discovered a very important  inconsistency.  (McCoy enters with Mudd)  He could successfully accomplish it, Captain. I've questioned a  number of the androids, and they're totally loyal to Mudd.  Perhaps of more concern is the fact that this android population can  literally provide anything a human being could ask for in unlimited  quantity.  Unhappiness is the state which occurs in the human when wants  and desires are not fulfilled.  Fascinating.  I'm curious, Norman. Just how do you intend to stop them?  Eminently practical.  Indeed, it is not. They may quite possibly be able to accomplish  it.  Whatever method we use to stop them, we must make haste. They  have only to install some cybernetic devices aboard the Enterprise and  they'll be able to leave orbit.  I asked them.  Yet the device that Norman claims to be their central control is  totally inadequate to the task of directing more than two hundred  thousand of them.  There are a large number of Alices and Trudies, Maisies,  Annabels, and according to my research, a Herman series, an Oscar  series, a whole plethora of series in fact. But only one Norman.  To function as they do, each android mind must be one component  of a mass brain linked through a central locus.  That would seem logical.  What would seem to be a sound, and perhaps our only,  opportunity.  I fail to understand why I should care to induce my mother to  purchase falsified patents.  Of course. Your computations would  inevitably lead to a total description of the parabolic intersection of  dimension with dimension.  Thank you.  (He attempts a neck pinch on Alice 210.)  I love you. However, I hate you.  Yes, of course. That is exactly why I hate you. Because you are  identical.  (They go out of action.)  Fascinating. [Corridor] Success, Captain. We've been pruning the leaves and branches of  the tree. Now it is time to get to work on the root.  Affirmative.  Logic is a little tweeting bird chirping in a meadow. Logic is a  wreath of pretty flowers which smell bad.  Are you sure your circuits are registering correctly? Your ears are  green.  Very well, Captain.  (He removes an invisible package from under his tunic.)  I believe that is the correct amount, Captain. Mister Mudd, are  you ready?  Be careful. I would not want you to drop it.  (Mimes an underarm throw, and Mudd juggles before 'catching' it.)  I believe they are all immobilised, Captain.  That is a human emotion, Doctor, with which I am totally  unfamiliar. How could I be unhappy?  Which I find eminently satisfactory, Doctor, for nowhere am I so  desperately needed as among a shipload of illogical humans.  The androids are being reprogrammed. Their original purpose was  to adapt this planet for productive use. They'll begin that work again.   
It will be interesting to see the results of the contamination.  Horizon reports indicate the Iotians are  extremely intelligent and somewhat imitative.  The damage has been done, Doctor. We are here to repair it.  Fascinating.  Interesting, Captain. Passers-by are carrying, I believe,  firearms.  (They are approached by two men in neat suits with machine guns.)  Sir, would you mind explaining that statement, please?  Sir, does everyone here carry firearms?  Sir, there are several questions I would like to ask.  Does that include, if I may ask, a gentleman called Krako?  Captain? Gangsters. Chicago. Mobs. Published in 1992. Where'd  you get this?  This is the contamination, Captain. Astonishing. An entire  culture based on this.  Fascinating, but quite impossible.  They evidently seized upon that one book as the blueprint for an  entire society.  We may quarrel with Mister Oxmyx' methods, but his goal is  essentially the correct one. This society must become united or it will  degenerate into total anarchy.  Unfortunately, I do not have access to my computers, nor are  these gentlemen likely to permit it.  I'm familiar with the culture on Beta Antares. There aren't  games  I have never computed them, Captain.  Surely, you're coming, Captain.  Very simple. Amplitude modulation transmission. I simply adjust  the frequency, throw this switch, and the Enterprise should answer.  Fascinating.  Let me see. (throws a few more switches and picks up the  microphone.) Enterprise, this is Mister Spock.  A very long and complicated story,  Lieutenant. Notify the transporter room, Two to beam up, these  co-ordinates.  [Krako's office] (The brass plaque by the front door of the building  proclaims 'JoJo Krako, Boss, Southside Territory'. The straw boaters  are the badge of his organisation. JoJo is practising throwing darts  over his shoulder at a poster of Oxmyx. Kirk is brought in. There's a  copy of the Book on a  lectern here too.)  Futile, Doctor. No specifics. There is no record of such a  culture based on a moral inversion.  No, Doctor. I'm merely saying the computers can offer us no  logical, rational, factual way out of our current dilemma.  On audio, Lieutenant. Mister Oxmyx, this is Mister Spock.  Irrelevant, since we are here. [Oxmyx's office] Why would he put a bag on our captain? [Oxmyx's office] If I understand you correctly, that would seem to be a problem. [Oxmyx's office] I'm afraid I find it difficult to trust you, Mister Oxmyx. [Oxmyx's office] You'll show no further hostility? [Oxmyx's office] Since we must have our captain back, I  accept. [Oxmyx's office] We shall arrive in your office within  ten minutes. Spock out. [Bridge] If we are to save the captain without blatant, forceful  interference on this planet, Doctor, we must have the assistance of  someone indigenous. We are therefore forced to trust Mister Oxmyx.  [Small office] (Kirk has used copper wire to create a trip-wire,  and starts throwing the waste paper bin around to make a noise.)  Mister Scott, though we hope to avoid  interference, I suggest you set one of our phaser banks on a strong  stun position.  I trust we shall not have to use them, but it is best to be  prepared. Energise.  [Oxmyx's office] Mister Oxmyx, I understood we had an arrangement, a truce.  Sir, you are employing a double negative.  I fail to see why you do not understand us. You yourself have  stated the need for unity of authority on this planet. We agree.  Co-operation, sir, would inevitably result  We did, Captain. The situation required our return.  Nothing useful. Logic and practical information do not seem to  apply here.  To deny the facts would be illogical, Doctor.  I'm not sanguine about hunches, Captain, but I have no practical  alternative.  A fliwer, Captain.  Interesting.  Yes. Oh. I believe they had a device known as a clutch. Clutch,  Captain. Perhaps one of those pedals on the floor.  Captain, you are an excellent starship commander, but as a taxi  driver you leave much to be desired.  If we can get close enough to them, we should be able to render  them harmless with reasonable rapidity.  (A guard checks the contents of a passing perambulator.)  I beg your pardon?  Young man  Young man, this is likely to be quite hazardous.  You do not even know what the action is going to be.  Logical.  Captain, I believe that perhaps it would be wise to do as he  says. I just heard the sound of  Unquestionably.  Right.  A miniscule. A very small piece.  Right.  Check.  (They leave.)  [Transporter room] (Two armed security men have met Krako.)  Must we?  But not as safe.  Not at all, Captain. It's your driving that alarms me.  I would advise you to keep dialing, Oxmyx.  [Krako's office] Brooding, Captain?  Captain, I'm neither brooding nor sombre. But I do have  reservations about your solution to the problem of the Iotians.  Highly irregular, to say the least, Captain. I'm also curious as  to how you propose to explain to Starfleet Command  that a starship will be sent each year to collect our cut.  Captain. If the Iotians, who are very bright and imitative  people, should take that communicator apart  The transtator is the basis for every important piece of  equipment that we have. 
On mark eight and closing.  Fascinating.  A mechanical device of unknown properties. I read no life forms  aboard.  Obviously, it intends to intercept us. It has made several  course changes corresponding with our own.  Unclear whether it intends to attack or merely communicate with  us.  Indeed.  Vulcan, Captain.  Unquestionably. Most impressive.  True telepaths can be most formidable, and we have been warned.  No recorded contacts. If they ever ventured into space, they  evidently withdrew immediately.  I prefer being a welcomed guest, Captain, but there seems to be  little choice.  Unknown, Captain. Sensor readings give no indication of fog like  conditions in this area.  Unknown, Captain. Unlike Mister Scott's transporter, this unit  is not functioning.  No use, Captain. Obviously none of our devices will function.  Apparently that Melkotian buoy  Fascinating.  Obviously this represents the Melkotian's concept of an American  frontier town, circa 1880.  Perhaps the Melkotians have insufficient data about this era.  Crude but dangerous.  Captain, the Melkot said you were the pattern. He looked into  your mind and selected what he considered the proper time and place for  our punishment.  Yes. The violence of your own heritage is to be the pattern for  our execution.  Precisely, in terms of what the Melkots intend for us.  Are they really?  Captain, I pride myself on my knowledge of your Earth history.  The names were known in the annals of the opening of the western sector  of America. the United States of America, that is.  And the Clanton gang. On October 26th, they had it out.  History cannot be changed.  (There's a brawl in the saloon and a window is broken. A man in black  wearing a badge shoots another man. The group run over.)  Is this a dead man, Doctor?  Captain, since we have seen that death is the one reality in  this situation, I seriously suggest you reseat yourself immediately.  Without moving a muscle of either hand. If I remember correctly, that  would involve you in what was called the fast draw. It initiated  unfortunate events.  (Everyone sits. Slowly.)  I believe he was actually trying to provoke a dispute with  Mister Chekov.  I assure you, sir, we shall watch it, and everything, extremely  closely.  The day is still young, Ensign.  And if this is indeed some sort of replay of history, the Earps  will kill the Clantons at the OK Corral at five o'clock this afternoon.    Impossible, Captain. In this century, there are no metal alloys  or power sources to make devices such as ours.  Mister Chekov is involved, Captain.  It is obvious the Melkotians are not going to permit us to leave  this town.  There's no way we can know where it is, Doctor.  I could make a device to deliver it on target.  I shall need some fusing and cotton wadding.  I shall manufacture the equivalent of an ancient generating  canister, more familiarly known as a gas grenade. [Barber/Dentist's office] (The sign on the wall says Teeth Pulling By  Appointment. There's a man in the chair having a shave.)  And it is not yet our time. [Saloon] (Spock is working on the grenade, McCoy and Scott  on the tranquilliser.)  Gentlemen, there is one thing which requires the immediate  attention of all of us. Specifically, our future.  I understand the feeling, Captain.  My feelings are not a subject for discussion, Doctor.  Captain, it's quite all right. They forget I am half human.  (The clock strikes four.)  Captain. I vaguely remember the historical account of the famous  battle in which we are about to engage, but I am confused.  Since each of us represents members of the Clanton gang. You,  Ike Clanton, I, Frank McLowery, then Mister Chekov would be the other  Billy, would he not?  But did not William Claiborne survive the battle at the OK  Corral?  Mister Chekov is dead. But in the actual gunfight, William  Claiborne survived.  Another hour.  Not precisely.  It should.  Negotiating with them could buy us more time, Captain.  It would be worth a try, at least until we're certain of the  device. Then perhaps we could quiet things down.  These crude supplies we were forced to use  worked quite well.  Perhaps they would've been if they'd had your ingenuity, Doctor.    (Kirk enters.)  Captain?  Right now.  It has not been tested.  But this is painless.  Fascinating.  Captain, you don't seem to understand. It did not function, but  it must function.  A scientific fact But if the tranquilliser does not function,  which is clearly impossible, then a radical alteration of our thought  patterns must be in order.  That may not be necessary.  A fact, Captain. Physical laws simply cannot be ignored.  Existence cannot be without them.  I mean, Doctor, that we are faced with a staggering  contradiction. The tranquilliser you created should have been  effective.  Exactly. Doctor, in your opinion, what killed Mister Chekov?  Wrong. His mind killed him.  Physical reality is consistent with universal laws. Where the  laws do not operate, there is no reality. All of this is unreal.  But you made your examination under conditions which we cannot  trust. We judge reality by the response of our senses.  Once we are convinced of the reality of a given situation, we abide by  its rules. We judged the bullets to be solid, the guns to be real,  therefore they can kill.  He may indeed be dead. We do not know.  Exactly. I know the bullets are unreal, therefore they cannot  harm me.  Precisely.  The smallest doubt would be enough to kill you.  Very well, sir. Engineer?  (The clock strikes five. Wyatt Earp puts on his gun belt.)  Your mind to my mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts.  (The marshalls gather as the lightning flashes and the wind blows.)  (to McCoy) The bullets are unreal. Without body. They are  illusions only. Shadows without substance. They will not pass through  your body, for they do not exist.  Captain.  Captain, the Melkotian object.  The object is beginning to emit M-rays of a highly unstable  nature, Captain.  Energy output increasing beyond measurable levels, Captain.  Captain. May I ask a question? You needn't answer if it seems  too personal.  This afternoon, you wanted to kill, didn't you?  But he wanted to, Doctor.  Yes, Captain.  Mankind, ready to kill.  I wonder how humanity managed to survive. 
We're locked onto the Exeter's engineering  section, Captain.  Captain.  (There's a red jacket draped across a console, with white crystals  scattered in and around it.)  As if they were in them when  Spock here, Captain. [Corridor] Lieutenant Galloway and I are checking out  the lower levels. There seems to be no one aboard. Only uniforms. [Exeter Engineering] Fascinating.  Aye, sir.  I have their surgeon's log, Captain. Their last log entry,  Captain, on screen.  (A man in a blue shirt is struggling to try and sit up in the Captains  chair and dictate the log.)  Interesting that the villagers know about phasers.  A Yang lance, Doctor.  Bruised only. We were approximately one hundred metres from the  village when five of the savages ambushed us. We managed to escape  without firing.  Captain Tracey is being quite factual in several statements.  One, the Yangs are totally contemptuous of death. They seem incredibly  vicious. Two, he is also being factual in that the Yangs are massing  for an attack. There are signs of thousands of them in the foothills  beyond. However, he was less than truthful in one very important  matter.  Captain Tracey's reserve belt packs. Empty. Found among the  remains of several hundred Yang bodies.  A smaller attack on this village a week ago, driven off by  Captain Tracey with his phaser. I have found villagers who will  corroborate it.  Regulations are quite harsh, but they're also quite clear,  Captain. If you do not act, you will be considered equally guilty.  I agree that formal charges have little meaning now. However,  you must at least confiscate his phaser.  Not that I have observed, Captain. Of course, should they wish  to do so, one could always rest while the other keeps you occupied.  Good, Captain. Try to reason with them. Keep trying, Captain.  Their behaviour is highly illogical.  I have tried, Captain. {Storeroom] (A young Kohm woman brings McCoy a plate of food.)  Captain, I have managed to loosen this grill  somewhat. If the mortar on yours is as old.  Captain Tracey mentioned there was once a considerable  civilisation here. The only reasonable explanation would be a war.  Nuclear devastation or a bacteriological holocaust.  Yes, I heard, Captain.  Captain? Captain? Captain, are you able to respond?  (Later, when Kirk has regained consciousness.)  Seven hours and eight minutes, Captain.  We can contact the ship in a few moments, Captain, if I can  cross-circuit this unit.  War created an imbalance and nature counterbalanced it.  Ready, Captain. Quite crude. Voice communication will not be  possible, but we can signal the ship.  I'm weak, Captain, but not in difficulty.  My need for attention is vital, Doctor, but our need for  departure is even more immediate.  Yes. I see, Captain. They would've learned to wear skins,  adopted stoic mannerisms, learned the bow and the lance.  Kohms? Communists? The parallel is almost too close, Captain. It  would mean they fought the war your Earth avoided, and in this case,  the Asiatics won and took over this planet.  I am open to suggestions, Doctor.  (Kirk hooks his feet around a table leg to stop Tracey reaching the  knife. Spock directs his attention towards the woman.)  I'm making a suggestion.  (The two protagonists have nearly reached the weapon. After a struggle,  Tracey gets it. The woman picks up a communicator, walks over to Spock,  then opens it. Kirk gets Tracey to drop the knife, and brings it down  across his throat.)  There's no question about his guilt, Captain, but does our  involvement here also constitute a violation of the Prime Directive? 
The power source we detected is in this building, Captain.  No signs of sapient life forms.  Reports deny that they had any space flight capability. This  appears to be an archive or library of some kind.  Forgive me, sir. It is my fault. I must have miscalculated. Our  readings indicated that there was no one here at all.  Three hours, thirteen minutes.  Exactly what is it that I'm expected to select?  I see. This is a fascinating machine. What is it?  Interesting nomenclature. How does it work? May I  Thank you, Mister Atoz.  (Kirk hears a woman scream from behind a doorway)  Yes, and where is the captain?  [17th Century] Heating this boulder may provide some  temporary heat.  Something's preventing my phaser from operating.  [17th Century] Captain, we hear you, but we cannot see you.  [17th Century] Are you all right?  Agreed. [Ice Age] Apparently they've all escaped the  destruction of their world by retreating into its past. [17th Century] Indeed not. We're in a wilderness of arctic characteristics.  There is no library, Captain, at least not  that we can see. We are at the base of an ice cliff. [17th Century] Just before you disappeared, Captain, I  discovered a machine which Mister Atoz called the atavachron. [17th Century] Opening time portals to the past. You cross  through into the period which you were viewing.  I am here, evidently, because I stepped through at the same  instant as Doctor McCoy. [17th Century] Captain!  You must be close to the portal.  KIRK Keep talking now!  (But he is overpowered and dragged away)  [Ice Age] We may be in trouble ourselves. We must find shelter.  (They walk on until McCoy collapses)  In this severe cold, we cannot survive much longer.  We go together or not at all.  We go together.  He's suffering from the severity of your weather. Unfortunately,  he is the doctor, not I. I'll avoid giving him any medication at this  time. Perhaps, if he's kept quiet and warm, he may recover naturally.  It is agreeably warm here.  (Their benefactor has pushed back the hood to reveal that it is a young  woman)  I'm called Spock.  Prisoners?  Yes, we came through the time portal, but not as prisoners. We  were sent here by mistake.  That is true. I am not from the world you know at all. My home  is a planet millions of light years away.  Listen to me. I am firmly convinced that I do exist. I am  substantial. You are not imagining this.  McCoy. McCoy, wake up.  No, we are still in the Ice Age, but safe for the moment.  Doctor, you're in no condition to get up. You lie down and rest.  I shall attempt to find the captain.  He's our commanding officer and our friend.  He did not come with us. He was sent through the time portal to  another period in history much later than this one. If I am to find  him, there is only one possible avenue. Zarabeth, will you show me  where the time portal is?  Yes, that is true. If I leave him, there's a chance he may never  regain the ship. He would then be marooned in this time period. But he  is no longer in danger of death, so my primary duty to him has been  discharged. If I remain here, no one of our party would be able to aid  Captain Kirk.  It should be an equation. I should be able to resolve this  problem logically. Perhaps it has something to do with the atavachron.  If only I knew more about how it worked. Zarabeth, you said that you  were brought here as a prisoner. May I ask  I remember that name from the history tapes in the library. Zor  Kahn the Tyrant.  Zarabeth, I must return to Mister Atoz and the atavachron. We  will carry Doctor McCoy, and you must come with us. I will send you and  the doctor to the ship, and I shall search for Captain Kirk.  You cannot go back?  Come, Doctor, back to bed.  It is impossible to look for him, Doctor. We cannot go back.  Zarabeth explained it to me. When we came through the time  portal, it altered our physiological structure. If we attempt to return  to the library, we shall die.  Yes, Doctor, we are trapped. Just as Jim is trapped wherever he  is.  Captain's log, stardate 5943.9. The people of this  time believe in witches, and witchcraft is what I've been accused of.  Five witnesses heard McCoy's voice speak to me and thought it was an  evil spirit. From what I know of witchcraft trials, I don't have much  chance unless I can get to the prosecutor.  [17C Jail] Really?  Doctor McCoy is making excellent progress.  And known as the worst patient in the entire crew of the  Enterprise.  Five thousand years in the future.  Who knows. We can only hope that he is well, wherever he is.  What was there to do?  We've been through all that, Doctor. What's the point of  rehashing that subject? We can't get back. Wasn't that clear to you?  Then perhaps you were too ill to understand what can't get back  means.  Then I'll repeat it for you. Get this through your head. We  can't get back. That means we are trapped here in this planet's past  just as we are, and we'll stay here for the rest of our lives. Now do  you understand?  The prospect appeared quite attractive to you a moment ago.  I don't like that. I don't think I ever did, and now I'm sure.  Nothing that shouldn't have happened long ago.  I'm sorry. I know of no way to return you to your own time.  Yes. I know what it is like.  If it pleases you. This is animal flesh?  Naturally, because of the climate. What is the source of heat in  the shelter?  Excellent. Then it will be possible to build a greenhouse of  sorts. Meanwhile, this will have to do as the only source of  nourishment.  (He takes a bite)  But he evidently intended that you continue living.  But insensitive, to send such a beautiful woman into exile. The  cold must've affected me more than I realised. Please pay no attention.  I'm not myself. I'm behaving disgracefully. I have eaten animal flesh  and I have enjoyed it. What is wrong with me? I tell you you're  beautiful. But you are beautiful. Is it so wrong to tell you so?  You are beautiful. More beautiful than any dream of beauty I've  ever known.  (He lays her down and .... sets the scene for many fan-fictions) [Library] (Kirk wakes up lying on a sled, which Atoz is  pushing towards the portal)  I've given you the facts, Doctor.  You were told the truth. If Zarabeth is the source, what  difference does it make?  She would not jeopardise other lives.  What are you doing to her?  (Spock pins McCoy against the cave wall)  This is impossible. Impossible. I am a Vulcan.  My ancestors are barbarians. Warlike barbarians.  I've lost myself. I do not know who I am. Can we go back?  There's no portal here, Doctor. It's hopeless.  You're too ill to remain out here any longer. Give it up. [Library] (Atoz views another disc)  We hear you perfectly, Captain.  This must be it. [Library] You start ahead, Doctor. I do not wish to part from you.  How much time do we have? [Library] There's no further need to observe me, Doctor. As you can see,  I've returned to the present in every sense.  Yes, it happened. But that was five thousand years ago. And she  is dead now. Dead and buried. Long ago. 
Absolutely none, Captain. Berthold rays are such a recent  discovery. We do not yet have full knowledge of their nature. It is  known, however, that living animal tissue disintegrates under exposure.  Sandoval's group could not have survived after three years.  I am saying they knew there was a risk.  The breakdown of tissue does not develop immediately. We can  risk a limited exposure.  Captain, this planet is being bombarded by Berthold rays, as our  reports indicated. At this intensity, we'll be safe for a week if  necessary. But  There's also no question of the fact that Berthold rays are  incontrovertibly deadly. There's no miracle connected with it, Doctor,  you know that. No cures, no serums, no antidotes. If a man is exposed  long enough, he dies.  Spock here, Captain. There seems to be a  total absence of life on the planet, with the exception of the  colonists and various types of flora.  Not at the moment, sir. I am conducting various tests with the  tricorder, but results are inconclusive. [Drawing room] Nothing. Not even insects. Yet your plants grow, and you've  survived exposure to Berthold rays.  Please do.  I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct  answer to any question.  I would like to know how your people have managed to survive  here.  Logically, you should all be dead.  Emotions are alien to me. I'm a scientist.  You've not yet explained the nature of this thing.  What you're describing was once known in the vernacular as a  happiness pill. And you, as a scientist, should know that that's not  possible.  Spores?  (One of the pink flowers shoots things at him. Spock clutches his head  and falls to the ground in pain.)  No.  No, I can't. Please, don't!  I am not like you.  (Suddenly the pain is gone.)  I love you. I can love you.  (They kiss.)  Captain's log, supplemental. We have been ordered  by Starfleet Command to evacuate the colony on Omicron Three. However,  the colony leader, Elias Sandoval, has refused all co-operation and  will not listen to any arguments.  [Farmyard] That one looks like a dragon. You see the tail and the dorsal  spines?  I have. On Berengaria Seven. But I've never stopped to look at  clouds before. Or rainbows. You know, I can tell you exactly why one  appears in the sky, but considering its beauty has always been out of  the question.  Yes, what did you want? [Farmyard] Yes, Captain. What did you want?  I don't believe I want to tell you. [Farmyard] No, I don't think so. [Farmyard] I don't think so, sir. [Farmyard] I didn't want to, Jim.  There'll be no evacuation, Jim, but perhaps we should go back  and get you straightened out.  Very well. Come with me.  (He takes Leila's hand and leads the group to a clump of the plants,  where they all get sprayed with spores.)  Mister Sulu understands, don't you, Mister Sulu?  I can see the Captain is going to be difficult. [Another pasture] (No equipment or colonists now, just plants going  up to the ship.)  Almost the entire ship's complement has beamed down.  He went off to create something called a mint julep. That's a  drink, Jim.  It's impossible to say. They drifted through space until they  finally landed here. You see, they actually thrive on Berthold rays.  The plants act as a repository for thousands of microscopic spores  until they find a human body to inhabit.  It's a true Eden, Jim. There's belonging and love.  You don't understand, Jim, but you'll come around sooner or  later. Join us. Please.  Yes, Jim. What is it now? [Bridge] Wonderful, Jim. When will you beam down? [Bridge] Good. Leila and I will meet you at the beam  down point.  Spock here.  What's keeping you, Jim? We've been waiting. [Transporter room] Do you want me to beam up a party? [Transporter room] Just a moment. It won't take long. Do you  mind?  Ready to beam up, Jim. [Transporter room] The term half-breed is somewhat applicable, but computerised is  inaccurate. A machine can be computerised, not a man.  Jim, I don't understand.  Captain, if you'll excuse me.  My mother was a teacher. My father an ambassador.  Captain, please don't  That's enough.  You did that to me deliberately.  The spores. They're gone. I don't belong anymore.  That may be correct, Captain, but trying to initiate a brawl  with over five hundred crewmen and colonists is hardly logical.  It can be done.  Captain. Striking a fellow officer is a court martial offence.  That is quite logical, Captain. [Field] Enterprise. Spock here. [Field] Yes. Yes. I'm quite well. [Field] Are you still at the beam down point, and is the doctor there? [Field] Give your communicator back to Doctor McCoy.  You won't need it to beam up. It'll take a few moments. Just wait  there. Out.  I'll be back shortly, Captain. [Transporter room] (Once she's materialised she rushes to put her arms  around him, but he doesn't respond.)  It was necessary.  I can't.  I have a responsibility to this ship, to that man on the Bridge.  I am what I am, Leila, and if there are self-made purgatories, then we  all have to live in them. Mine can be no worse than someone else's.  (wiping away her tears) You couldn't pronounce it. [Bridge] They'll not hear this, of course. It'll be  more a sensation of feeling it.  Precisely. It should begin to work on their nerves in a few  minutes. [Field]  Enterprise. Spock here. [Pasture] Just a moment. They're all beginning to call  in, Captain. Rather contritely, I should say. Sandoval wishes to speak  to you.  I have little to say about it, Captain, except that for the  first time in my life I was happy. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Ship's record banks show little we don't already know about this  planet, Captain.  Gravity is one point one of Earth, atmosphere within safety limits.  It may have been inhabited once, but the sun in this system has  been fading steadily for a half million years. Now, Doctor Korby, often  called the Pasteur of archaeological medicine. His translation of  medical records from the Orion ruins revolutionised our immunisation  techniques.  That's an unusual request.  You're certain you recognise his voice?  Spock here, Captain.  Any problems, Captain?  Spock here, Captain.  We were becoming concerned, Captain. Your check-in was overdue  and since we'd not heard from your security team  Captain, are you all right? You sound tired.  [Korby's study] Acknowledge, Captain. Is everything all right?  Captain!  [Bedroom] Captain, We finished ahead of schedule.  You're going back down with the command pack?  Yes. very well, Captain.  No problems here, sir.  Security, Spock here. Status of your landing party?  Have them meet me in the transporter room after the Captain has  beamed down.  [Korby's study] Captain Kirk!  Captain, are you all right? Nurse? Where's Doctor Korby?  Frankly, I was rather dismayed by your use of the term  half-breed, Captain. You must admit it is an unsophisticated  expression. 
Check out the life-support systems.  Someone strangled this woman.  TORMOLEN The other four are back there.  Dead?  Engineer at his post?  TORMOLEN He's frozen there like he didn't care.  The rest?  Be certain we expose ourselves to nothing. Spock here. Do you  read, Enterprise?  All station personnel are dead.  Unknown, Captain. It's like nothing we've dealt with before.  You received my signal, Mister Scott.  The readings are perfectly normal for me, Doctor, thank you, and  as for my anatomy being different from yours, I am delighted. Captain.  I wish I could say, Captain. The circumstances were quite  bizarre, however our record tapes may show us something.  Next tape, please.  Thank you.  He'd used the computer room as if it were an amusement gallery.  It could be some form of space madness we've never heard of, but  it would have to be caused by something. Our spectro-readings showed no  contamination, no unusual elements present.  Instruments register only those things they're designed to  register. Space still contains infinite unknowns.  We will need top efficiency, Captain. It'll be a tricky orbit.  When the planet begins to go, there may be drastic changes in gravity,  mass, magnetic field.  It's beginning. Unusually rapid shifts.  All scanning stations manned, all recorders functioning, Captain.  Obviously, this planet is condensing more rapidly than expected.  A valuable study. We may be seeing Earth's distant future. Before its  sun went dark, this planet was remarkably similar to yours.  Psychiatric file, personality quotients.  It's doubtful he meant to. He was confused, self-tortured.  His capacity for self-doubt has always been rather high. What  puzzles me is what brought it to the surface with so much force.  [Sickbay] Planet breakup is imminent, Captain. Shrinking in size at an  increasing rate. As the planet continues to shrink in size, its surface  moves away from us.  Exactly. We must be prepared to respond instantly to any sudden  change.  Rate of compaction seems constant.  Acknowledged.  Why isn't Mister Sulu at this station?  Take over here, Rand. (a male, not Janice)  You haven't answered my question. Where is Mister Sulu?  You're relieved, Mister Riley. Lieutenant Uhura, take over this  station.  Report to Sickbay, Mister Riley.  Security. Mister Riley is headed for Sickbay. See to it he  arrives. Captain Kirk to the Bridge.  [Sickbay] Lieutenant Brent, relieve Miss Uhura.  Nonviolent at this stage. Slightly disoriented. Riley seemed  rather pleased with himself, as if he were  Precisely.  Fascinating. A pattern is developing. First, Tormolen. Hidden  personality traits being forced to the surface. Then Riley, who fancies  himself a descendant of  Irish kings, and now Sulu, who is at heart a swashbuckler out of your  18th century.  Gravity pull increasing. We've shifted to two percent and should  stabilise our position.  Engine room, we need power!  Take D'Artagnon here to Sickbay.  Captain. At our present rate of descent, we have less than  twenty minutes before we enter planet atmosphere.  Status reports, all sections.  Go to Alert Baker two. Seal off main sections.  We're going to seal off, Captain, if we can minimise the spread  of whatever this is.  No way, Captain. He controls the main power panels. He can  override any channel from down there. Seventeen minutes left, sir.  (ship is jolted severely)  Sixteen minutes left, Captain. We've  stabilised, but still spiraling down.  Crewman, report to the lab!  What's going on?  Crewman, stand aside.  Message from the captain.  We have fourteen minutes left.  At the rate you're proceeding, calculations show that you'll  take a minute and a half more than we have left. You can't afford a  safety factor.  [Sickbay] Nurse? Where is Doctor McCoy?  Lab. Lab, respond please. Spock here. Lab!  What is it, Nurse?  Nurse, you should  I'm in control of my emotions.  I'm sorry.  I am sorry.  Christine.  (close to tears) I'm in control of my  emotions. Control of my emotions. I am an officer. An officer. My duty.  My duty is, is. My duty is to, to. Too late. I'm sorry. To. Two, four,  six. Six. Six times six.  [Engineering] My mother. I could never tell her I loved her.  An Earth woman, living on a planet where love, emotion, is bad  taste.  I respected my father, our customs. I was ashamed of my Earth  blood. (Kirk slaps him) Jim, when I feel friendship for you, I'm  ashamed.  t's never been done! Understand, Jim. I've spent a whole  lifetime learning to hide my feelings. (finally hits Kirk back)  It's never been done.  Jim.  Jim, there is an intermix formula.  It's never been tested. It's a theoretical relationship between  time and antimatter.  Stand by to intermix. I'll call the formulae in from the Bridge.  Fuel temperature.  Raise antimatter eight and forty degrees.  We haven't the time. We'll have to risk it. Bridge, we're ready.  [Bridge] Are you all right, Jim?  Obviously, we were successful. The engines imploded.  Engine power went off the scale as well. We're now travelling  faster than is possible for normal space.  We're back to normal time, Captain.  Yes, sir.  We've regressed in time seventy one hours. It is now three days  ago, Captain. We have three days to live over again.  This does open some intriguing prospects, Captain. Since the  formula worked, we can go back in time, to any planet, any era. 
Evidently a civilisation of high order, rating number seven on  the industrial scale. Humanoid in appearance, according to the  paintings. An abundance of literature, which I shall have translated  and processed. Certain structures hold evidence of recent occupancy  while others are apparently long abandoned.  Instrument readings indicate life-form, but of a highly unusual  and intermittent nature. They have no discernible form or location. A  most puzzling phenomenon, Captain. I shall have to study it further.  Unknown at present, Captain.  It is logical to assume that this distress call was  pre-recorded. What we received was evidently a delayed taped message.  It would seem that some force or agent only partially  discernible to our instruments may have been responsible.  (bad static) Captain, I have a reading from Life Support  centre  I have a reading from Life Support centre. Alien substances  being introduced.  It is a force field, Captain, the nature of which I'm not  familiar with. I'm getting readings of an alien presence similar to  those obtained on the planet's surface, but they seem to have no exact  location.  It would seem, Captain, that they intend to allow only the two  of us to enter. I should advise caution. [Environmental Engineering] (There is a contraption hooked up to Life Support.)    Unknown, Captain. But it is evidently a device of alien origin.  Life support is still operating. I would say that the  installation is incomplete.  It seems that we may look at it, Captain, but that is all.  Yes. Evidently they are convinced that we can do nothing to stop  them, and they wish to impress upon us what they can do to us. [Bridge] Affirmative.  Computer, analyse and reply. Have we been invaded?  Nature and description of enemy forces.  Number of enemy forces.  Purpose of the invasion?  Is there a connection between this and Compton's disappearance?  Are we at present capable of resisting?  Your recommendation?  Your recommendations, Captain?  Lieutenant, did you see what happened?  Mister Sulu, do you verify?  I'm getting a trace reading similar to that  on the planet. Mister Sulu, did you drink your coffee?  Did anyone else?  May I?  I cannot give you that answer until these have been analysed.  I suggest that we recall the captain's words, Make them take the  next step. It would seem they have taken it. And we must determine  effective countermeasures. Mister Scott, you have the conn. I shall be  in the medical lab.  [Environmental Engineering] (Deela is kneeling next to the still-unconscious  Kirk.)  Nurse, programme the information and  determine whether we can find counteragents. (there's a buzz) Doctor,  did you just  I know what it is. We brought it with us from Scalos. If you'll  excuse me, I shall be on the bridge.  [Kirk's quarters] Lieutenant, will you replay the Scalosian  distress call on my viewer?  Spock here.  Bring it to the bridge at once, Doctor. [Bridge] Lieutenant Uhura, notify the rest of the crew.  Mister Scott, we cannot cope with them on our level.  That is a very logical suggestion. Stand by in the transporter  room.  [Transporter room] (Scott is in the doorway of the room, as the  Scalosians try to fix the transporter.)  Yes, it counteracts the substance most effectively.  By drinking the Scalosian water. (and does so)  It is somewhat stimulating. You seem to be moving very slowly,  Doctor. Fascinating.  (Spock leaves, and we jump back to normal time.)  If you will devote yourself exclusively to the concerns of  Scalos, madam, we shall be pleased to remain and take care of the  Enterprise.  Doctor McCoy and I have synthesised a possible counteragent to  the Scalosian water. Regrettably, we did not have the opportunity to  test it.  You do seem to be moving very slowly, Captain.  Thank you, Captain. I found it an accelerating experience. 
I did give a full report  Sensor scan to one half parsec. Negative, Captain.  Increasing sensor scan to one parsec. All scanners report clear.  Nothing in our immediate vicinity.  Intelligence reports Romulans now using Klingon design.  A second ship has appeared. (another one decloaks) Correction,  there are now three. We are surrounded.  I have a theory, Captain.  True, Captain. That would be standard Romulan procedure.  It would be a great prize.  I believe the Romulans have developed a cloaking device which  renders our tracking sensors useless.  If we had not crossed the Neutral Zone, on your order, you would  not now need our opinions to support a decision which should never have  had to be made.  Spock.  I understand.  Starfleet is not in the habit of informing Romulans of its  ships' personnel.  It is no myth.  I reserve the privilege of speaking only when it will not  violate my honour as a Vulcan.  You're being clever, Commander. That is unworthy of a Romulan.  It is not a lie to keep the truth to oneself.  You would not resort to them, Commander. They would prove  ineffective against the captain.  I cannot allow the captain to be further destroyed. The strain  of command has worn heavily upon him. He's not been himself for several  weeks.  As you can see, Captain Kirk is a highly sensitive and emotional  person. I believe he has lost the capacity for rational decision.  I'm betraying no secrets. The commander's suspicion that  Starfleet ordered the Enterprise into the Neutral Zone is unacceptable.  Our rapid capture demonstrates its foolhardiness.  I am speaking the truth for the benefit of the Enterprise and  the Federation. I say now and for the record, that Captain Kirk ordered  the Enterprise across the Neutral Zone on his own initiative and his  craving for glory.  He is not sane.  I am half Vulcan. My mother is a human.  Vulcan.  Eighteen years.  The question is irrelevant.  My duty as an officer is to obey him.  I do not desire a ship of my own.  Such opportunities are extremely rare.  That thought has occasionally crossed my mind.  Commander, shall we speak plainly? It is you who desperately  need a ship. You want the Enterprise.  Indeed.  I am honoured, Commander. Are the guards also invited?  (She dismisses them. They walk on, and Spock turns a corner.)  Of course. I shall obey your restrictions.  It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain  stable. [Romulan Brig] I am ready.  The matter is not open for discussion, Doctor.  There is no alternative, Doctor. The safety of the crew is now  the paramount issue. It is misguided loyalty to resist any further.  I was unprepared for his attack. I instinctively used the Vulcan  death grip.  I am very flattered, Commander. There's no doubt that the  cuisine aboard your vessel is far superior to that of the Enterprise.  It is indeed a very powerful recruiting inducement.  A place?  I was not aware of that aspect of Romulan society.  Please believe me. I do appreciate it.  Yes, of course, but not just this moment. An hour from now will  do even better. Would it not, Commander?  I was beginning to wonder.  How rare, and how beautiful. But so incongruous when spoken by a  soldier.  Spock to Captain Kirk.  Captain [Romulan ship] Are you prepared to beam over?  Yes, Captain. The cloaking device is in an  area near the commander's quarters. It is closely guarded and  off-limits to all but authorised personnel. What is your present  location?  [Romulan Bridge] Unknown, Captain. At present, I am rather  heavily  (He quickly shuts and hides his communicator as the door opens, and the  Commander enters. She is wearing a figure hugging dress.)  Commander, your attire is not only more appropriate, it should  actually stimulate our conversation.  (He makes the Vulcan V-sign. She does the same, and they touch hands.)  [Secure Area] I must confess that I too am moved emotionally. I know it is  illogical.  That will be profitless, Commander. I do not believe you will  find it.  I assure you I am quite sane.  First officer of the Enterprise. (Broken-hearted, she slaps his  face.) What is your present form of execution?  Captain's log, stardate 5027.4. Commander Scott has  less than fifteen minutes to install the Romulan's cloaking device and  get it working. I hope Mister Spock can buy us the time we need.  [Bridge] (As Scott struggles with the alien tech in  Engineering, occasionally saying 'Drat', Kirk gets into his own uniform  and walks onto the Bridge.)  I demand the Right of Statement first.  Thank you. I shall not require much time. No more than twenty  minutes, I should say.  My crime is sabotage. I freely admit my guilt. (Scott is  continuing to work) The oath I swore as a Starfleet officer is both  specific and binding. As long as I wear the uniform, my duty is to  protect the security of the Federation. Clearly, your new cloaking  device is a threat to that security. I carried out my duty.  There is no regulation regarding the content of my statement.  May I continue?  Beyond the historic tradition of Vulcan  loyalty, there is also the combined Romulan-Vulcan history of obedience  to duty.  (She hears the transporter whine and runs around the desk to throw her  arms around him.) [Bridge] One hundred and fifty thousand kilometres, Captain, and closing  very rapidly.  One hundred thousand kilometres. They should commence firing at  us within the next twelve point seven seconds.  The cloaking device is working perfectly, and the commander has  informed me that even the Romulan sensors cannot track a vessel so  equipped.  Deck two. It is regrettable that you were  made an unwilling passenger. It was not intentional. All the Federation  wanted was the cloaking device.  It was my only interest when I boarded your vessel.  You underestimate yourself, Commander.  Obviously. Military secrets are the most fleeting of all. I hope  that you and I exchanged something more permanent.  (They start to step out into the corridor.)  It was the only choice possible. You would not respect any  other.  Captain, please go. Somehow they do not look aesthetically  agreeable [McCoy's office] On humans. 
Our arrival was scheduled well in advance, Doctor. The annual  check of every scientific expedition is routine.  Quite impossible, Doctor. I ran a personnel check on this  expedition before we beamed down. I assure you that none of them were  (He is interrupted by the entrance of an old man and woman.  Sensors reveal nothing which is inimical to human life. The  atmosphere screens out the usual amount of harmful cosmic rays.  I have already begun investigation into that possibility,  Captain.  I've rechecked the sensors, Captain. Gamma Hydra Four checks out  as a Class M planet with a conventional oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere and  normal mass. I can find nothing at all out of the ordinary.  We're checking it on it. I've reached no conclusions as yet. The  comet was a rogue and has never been investigated.  All research lines negative, Captain.  I'm doing that, Captain, as per your previous  order. We discussed that earlier.  Acknowledged.  (Kirk turns to put on a clean shirt and jerks, putting a hand to his  back.)  [Sickbay] (McCoy and Chapel are putting a sheet over the face  of a patient.)  (looking about the same as usual) Based on what Doctor McCoy  gave me, I estimate that physically we each have less than a week to  live. Also, since our mental faculties are aging faster than our  bodies, we will be little better than mental vegetables in considerably  lesser time.  Yes, Captain. In a very short time.  (sitting up) I must differ with you, Doctor. I'm having  difficulty concentrating, which is most disturbing, my eye sight  appears to be failing, and the normal temperature of the ship seems to  me to be increasingly cold.  Captain, you sent such a message this morning.  Captain, I believe (notices, and wakes him gently) Captain.  Captain.  Yes, sir. Quite understandable.  Yes, sir. We have the cause of the affliction.  The orbit of Gamma Hydra Four carried the planet directly  through the comet's trail. On conventional radiation settings, we  discovered nothing. On resetting our sensors to the extreme lower range  of the scale, undetected radiation appeared. Below normal radiation  levels but definitely present, and undoubtedly residue from the comet.  (consulting PADD) Quadrant four four eight, sir.  Mister Sulu, what is our present position?  Possibly, Doctor, because my thinking processes are not as  efficient as before.  I have a question for the doctor. (Kirk leaves) Doctor, the  ship's temperature is increasingly uncomfortable for me. I've adjusted  the environment in my quarters to one hundred twenty five degrees,  which is at least tolerable. However, I  I wondered if perhaps there was something which could lower my  sensitivity to cold.  Yes. As I always suspected. (leaves)  Commodore?  I am aware of that.  For what, sir?  On what grounds, Commodore?  Need I remind you, sir, that I too have contracted the same  affliction?  I'm half human, sir. My physical reflexes are down, my mental  capacity is reduced. I tire easily. No, sir. I am not fit for command.  Sir, I do have duties to perform.  I resist that suggestion, Commodore.  Very well, sir. The hearing shall convene at fourteen hundred  hours.  [Sickbay] (Chekov is back on the biobed.)  Let it read that this competency hearing was  ordered by Commodore Stocker and reluctantly called by myself.  On the contrary, Commodore. As presiding officer and as second  in command of the Enterprise, the responsibility is mine. Captain Kirk,  would you like to make a statement?  It is quite impossible, Captain. The regulations are quite  specific. You are entitled to direct examination of all witnesses  immediately after the board has questioned them.  Mister Sulu, how long have you served with Captain Kirk?  To your knowledge, has he ever had any difficulty making  decisions?  Did he order you to maintain standard orbit around Gamma Hydra  Four?  Did he not, several minutes later, repeat that order?  Did he order you to increase orbit?  Did he not several minutes later repeat that order?  Mister Sulu, please answer the question.  Thank you, Mister Sulu. Yeoman Atkins, you handed Captain Kirk a  fuel consumption report in the presence of witnesses, which he read and  signed. Is that correct?  Yeoman, you will simply answer the question.  You guess?  Thank you, Yeoman. You may leave. Lieutenant Uhura. I have here  a bulletin from Starfleet Command which states that the Romulans have  broken Code two. Are these your initials which appear at the bottom?  And whose initials are those which appear directly below yours?  Did Captain Kirk ask you to send a message about the comet which  passed Gamma Hydra Four?  Using Code two.  After you reminded him that the Romulans had broken Code two.  Thank you, Lieutenant. Doctor McCoy, Doctor McCoy!  Several hours ago, at the request of this board, you ran a  complete physical examination of Captain Kirk.  Medical banks, compute described subject's physical age, using  established norms as comparative base.  Doctor McCoy.  Will you give us your professional evaluation of Captain Kirk's  present physical condition.  Is not his mental capacity degenerating even more rapidly?  Doctor, you heard the computer's analysis of Captain Kirk's  physical age. Do you agree with it?  Do you agree with it, Doctor?  This board has no further questions. Unless you, Commodore  Stocker, have something that you would like to add.  Do you wish to call any witnesses, Captain Kirk?  Captain, I would suggest  Gamma Hydra Four, Captain.  You're inability to remember having given commands, reading and  signing important orders and then forgetting them, your physical  analysis as compiled by our own chief surgeon. All these things would  appear to be irrefutable proof of failing physical and mental  conditions.  We have no more questions, Captain.  There'll be no more questions, Captain. If you would leave the  room so the board can vote  Sir, you have never commanded a starship.  The danger from the Romulans  Yes, Captain.  I'm sorry, Captain.  Regulations require  Captain, I have not assumed command.  I suffer the same affliction as you, sir.  Commodore Stocker.  Mister Scott was unfit for command. Commodore Stocker is ranking  officer  I cannot, Captain.  No, sir. Only Commodore Stocker can give a command order onboard  this ship.  It would seem to be the place where I can be of the most use.  No, not all the time. Captain, he left us for a few moments.  Yes. Yes, indeed, Captain. Doctor, you remember  Quite possible, Doctor. Perhaps a sufficiently efficacious  compound could be developed.  Doctor, I made the necessary computations and produced this  serum. It is crude and dangerous, but we have no time for refinements.  It could cure or kill, Doctor.  Doctor Wallace, give him the shot.  Romulans giving ground, Captain. Obviously, they tapped in as  you expected them to.  Yes, sir.  The Romulans were caught off guard, Captain. They're falling  behind.  I am quite ready now, Doctor.  That is very considerate of you, Doctor. 
Passing outer planet, Zeon.  I never met John Gill, but I studied Earth history from the text  he prepared.  What impressed me most was his treatment of Earth history as  causes and motivations rather than dates and events.  Yes, but it must be a Zeon ship. Zeons do have a crude  interplanetary capability. Reaction powered. A small rocket. It is on  an intercept course. That would mean it has sophisticated detection  devices which neither Zeon nor Ekos should have.  Captain, it's an unmanned probe which seems to be carrying a  warhead.  Fascinating. A thermonuclear warhead.  Most interesting. We were attacked by a thermonuclear missile  from a planet which should have no such weapon.  According to our records, the Ekosians are a primitive, warlike  people in a state of anarchy. The other planet, Zeon, has a relatively  high technology, and its people are peaceful.  Ready, Captain.  The Ekosians are humanoid, so there is apt to be a similarity in  architecture. Interesting.  (A man runs round the corner and trips.)  Captain, the non-interference Directive.  Mid-twentieth century Earth. The nation state called Nazi  Germany.  (A broadcast comes over a screen hung between two columns of a building  in the street.)  Virtually impossible, Captain, yet the evidence is quite clear.  Fascinating.  You propose we pass ourselves off as Nazis, Captain?  That's very well taken, Captain. [Another street] (With Spock in a grey uniform with the obligatory  tin helmet.)  Yes. Obviously he's not one of us. I captured him. Is that not  correct procedure with enemies of the Fatherland?  Take charge of him.  Your uniform, Captain.  Quite correct. You should make a very convincing Nazi. [Outside the Chancellery] Yes. I shall tend to it, Major.  Obviously.  Why do the Nazis hate Zeons?  Is Zeon a threat to them?  It would seem the assumption was premature.  That would coincide with the time of John Gill's arrival.  Captain, the flaw in the plan is this locked door, and the guard  beyond it. To the logical mind, the outlook is somewhat gloomy.  Yes.  Of course. The rubindium crystals in the transponders.  (Kirk pulls a metal strip from the bed in the cell, and Spock uses it  to cut into Kirk's arm.)  Yes. We must hold the crystals rigidly at a specific distance,  which I believe should be twenty seven point two millimetres.  (He bends the metal strip accordingly.)  Twenty seven point two millimetres would be, approximately,  there. That is, of course, a crude estimation.  Yes. To reach that light, I shall require some sort of platform.    Now, the rubindium crystals should find enough power here to  achieve the necessary stimulus. As I recall from the history of  physics, the ancient lasers were able to achieve the necessary  excitation, even using crude natural crystals.  (Kirk squats down and Spock eventually stands on his thighs, leaning  against the well-injured back.)  Yes, of course, Captain. You realise that the aim will of course  be very crude.  Captain, why should I aim at such a structure?  May I remind you, we did not intend to fight.  Possibly.  I do not see them.  Captain, without phasers, and until we are able to communicate  with the ship, it is illogical to assume that we can hold out against  the entire military force of this planet.  Captain, I suggest the most profitable use of our time would be  to reassemble our communicators. May I work undisturbed somewhere?  By using parts from both, I've completed one communicator. I do  not know if the circuits are correct, Captain. There is no way to test  it, except in actual use.  The one receiving a medal.  This young lady is a Nazi, a hero of the Fatherland. We saw her  being decorated.  That is correct.  As an honoured member of the Party, she could get us past the  guards.  Captain, I'm beginning to understand why you  Earthmen enjoy gambling. No matter how carefully one computes the odds  of success, there is still a certain exhilaration in the risk.  Captain, it was John Gill, but he never moved. Never once looked  up.  Or a deep psychosis.  It may not have the range it had. In fact, it may not work at  all.  Spock to Enterprise. Spock to Enterprise. Come in, Enterprise.  If there's going to be a delay in transporting the doctor, I  suggest we cancel our  There is a logical way to proceed, Doctor. Point your toe, apply  equal pressure to either side of the boot, and push. We have no time  for emotionalism.  Yes. A doctor should have more pride.  Captain, I do not understand how he failed to recognise us.  True. I shall reconsider.  (A buzzer sounds.)  Captain, the speech follows no logical pattern.  What drug?  Captain. I have created a condition in which Gill cannot  initiate speech or any other action, but he can reply to questions.  Quite correct. For the last few years, the real power has been  Melakon.  Quite true, Captain. That tiny country, beaten, bankrupt,  defeated, rose in a few years to stand only one step away from global  domination.  Perhaps Gill felt that such a state, run benignly, could  accomplish its efficiency without sadism.  Is he dead, Captain?  Indeed, Captain. With the union of two cultures, this system  would make a fine addition to the Federation.  Captain, I never will understand humans. How  could a man as brilliant, a mind as logical as John Gill's, have made  such a fatal error?  Thank you, Doctor. I was able to gather the meaning.  Yes. Earthmen like Ramses, Alexander, Caesar, Napoleon, Hitler,  Lee Kuan. Your whole Earth history is made up of men seeking absolute  power.  Obviously, Doctor, you fail to accept 
It is, Captain.  They've already been provided to the transport officer, Captain.  Along with those of the council chamber of the High Advisor.  Stratos, Captain. A city actually floating in the sky.  It is one of the most interesting metropolises in the galaxy.  Have you ever visited here, Captain?  I've never had the opportunity. However, I hear its art forms  are incomparable.  It is a totally intellectual society. All forms of violence have  been eliminated.  Perhaps there is another entrance, Captain.  It would seem the Troglytes have changed their minds about  delivery.  (Kirk and Spock are lassoed by three people in boiler suits and hard  hats.)  Greetings, Mister Advisor.  The Disrupters? Who are they?  Remarkable. The finest example of sustained antigravity  elevation I've ever seen.  Nor I a work of art, madam.  Despoil? For what purpose?  Mister Advisor, the plant life is the source of oxygen on that  planet. Obviously, if all plant life is destroyed, the humanoid life  will follow.  But why do they destroy art forms? That is a loss to everyone.  That would be most welcome, Mister Advisor.  This troubled planet is a place of the most violent  contrasts. Those who receive the rewards are totally separated from  those who shoulder the burdens. It is not a wise leadership. Here on  Stratos, everything is incomparably beautiful and pleasant. The High  Advisor's charming daughter Droxine, particularly so. The name Droxine  seems appropriate for her.  I wonder, can she retain such purity and sweetness of mind and be aware  of the life of the people on the surface of the planet? There, the  harsh life in the mines is instilling the people with a bitter hatred.  The young girl who led the attack against us when we beamed down was  filled with the violence of desperation. If the lovely Droxine knew of  the young miner's misery, I wonder how the knowledge would affect her.  (Spock hears a sound and goes into the next room. Droxine is preparing  refreshments.)  Your movements awakened me.  Only Vulcan ears would find the noise discernible.  The same may be said of Stratos inhabitants.  We do pride ourselves on our logic.  (Dressed in Stratos fashion, the female miner enters the rest room,  armed with her mining tool. She leans over Kirk, but he grabs her,  pulls her down onto the bed and disarms her.)  The seven-year cycle is biologically inherent in all Vulcan’s.  At that time, the mating drive outweighs all other motivations.  Extreme feminine beauty is always disturbing, madam.  Am I intruding, Captain?  In other words, they perform all the physical toil necessary to  maintain Stratos.  But they are not allowed to share its advantages.  The surface of the planet is almost unendurable. To restrict a  segment of the population to such hardship is unthinkable in an evolved  culture.  Troglyte is an abbreviation of an ancient Earth term. Its  technical translation is cave dweller.  Violence in reality is quite different from theory, is it not,  madam?  All the little things you and I understand and expect from life,  such as equality, kindness, justice.  But they're all the same species. Those who live on Stratos and  those who live below all originated on the planet. Their physical and  mental evolution must be similar. That is basic biological law.  Incredible. Zenite is shipped all over the galaxy wherever there  is danger of plant bacteria. No side effects have ever been reported.  As part of the staff of Stratos, Vanna was removed from exposure  for a long period. It is likely that without such exposure, the effect  slowly wears off.  Unequal evolution did not begin until after your ancestors  removed themselves from constant exposure to the gas, Mister Advisor.  Nor much time. We have ten hours and forty minutes to deliver  that consignment to Merak Two.  Captain, if you are apprehended deliberately violating the High  Advisor's orders, he will be within his rights to have you executed, if  he chooses.  Allow me to point out that a first officer is more expendable  than either a doctor or a captain.  Spock here. We've been trying to make contact, Captain. Is  anything wrong?  Locked in and ready to beam up consignment. [Mine] Standing by for instructions.  [Mine] Instructions clear. I shall carry them out  immediately. Spock out. [Mine] That's not an exact quote, Mister Scott. However, it does  express the thought.  You will have that opportunity.  Now that is an exact quote, Mister Scott, and I suggest you  handle the transporter yourself. This could be very delicate as a  problem in transporting for us and in diplomacy for the captain.  Spock here.  You'll have to delay.  Picking up two life-forms in the gallery. [Transporter room] They are inseparably close to one  another. We cannot transport one [Bridge] Without the other.  Precisely, Mister Scott.  Until the High Advisor is alone or can be isolated, the captain  will have to wait. Unless you have an alternative?  Spock to transporter room.  Lock in on Council Gallery co-ordinates.  Energise.  How are you doing, Mister Scott? [Transporter room] Beam him down to Captain Kirk immediately.  Good work, Mister Scott.  The captain will employ his usual diplomatic balm.  [Mine] Contact check, Captain. It has been over an  hour since your last communication. [Mine] Standing by, Captain. [Mine] However, let me remind you, we have  only five hours left to  (Kirk closes his communicator)  [Transporter room] That is very unlike the captain.  Enterprise, Spock here.  Captain, the zenite gas has affected you. Captain! The zenite  gas!  It is less technical, therefore less accurate, but perhaps more  generally descriptive of the function.  There is great beauty in the knowledge that lies below, and only  one way to really experience it.  No. No, Vulcan is quite different.  Two hours, fifty-nine minutes to be exact, Captain. 
