Position, eight minutes from Outpost four at this velocity,  sir.  There can't be much doubt who's attacking, sir.  We know Outpost four has been attacked, sir, so if we intercept  Romulans now  You'll know, sir. They're painted like a giant bird-of-prey.  Family history. There was a Captain Stiles was in the space  service then. Two Commanders and several junior officers. All lost in  that war, sir.  Yes, sir.  All weapons to full power. Phaser control room. [Phaser Control] Energise. Acknowledge.  Outpost four now five minutes away, sir.  Don't you mean interception course, sir?  Captain, may I respectfully remind the Captain what has  happened? The Romulans have crossed the Neutral Zone, attacked our  outposts, killed our men.  Add to that the fact it was a sneak attack.  Negative, sir. I'm pointing our that we could have Romulan  spies aboard this ship.  Give it to Spock.  Nothing, sir.  I was suggesting that Mister Spock could probably translate it  for you, sir.  I'm not sure, sir.  You do, sir.  We'll enter the Neutral Zone in less than an hour, sir.  Assuming, of course, that we don't turn back.  To be used in chasing them or retreating, sir?  We have to attack immediately.  They're still on our side of the Neutral Zone. There would be  no doubt they broke the treaty.  Aim with sensors. Not accurate, but if we blanket them  And if we don't? Once back, they'll report that we saw their  weapons and ran.  These are Romulans! You run away from them and you guarantee  war. They'll be back. Not just one ship but with everything they've  got. You know that, Mister Science Officer. You've the expert on these  people, always left out that one point. Why? I'm very interested in  why.  We know what they look like.  Phaser weapons energised. Set for proximity blast.  Computed. On the board, sir.  Estimate it'll overtake us in two minutes, sir.  It must have a range limit.  (Rand stands as close as humanly possible to Kirk)  We'll enter the Neutral Zone in one minute,  Captain.  Sir, at this distance?  A phaser hit at this distance would be the wildest stroke of  luck.  Phasers show ready, sir. [Romulan ship] Twenty seconds to Neutral Zone, sir.  What?  Coming around, sir.  Phasers, fire. [Romulan ship] (They are taking damage)  Phasers, fire!  (There's a big explosion, everyone gets thrown across the Bridge.  Enterprise hangs crooked and motionless in space.)  [Romulan ship] Sir, my first assignment was in weapons control.  Negative.  This time, we'll handle things without your help, Vulcan.  (Spock leaves. then Stiles notices purple gas escaping from a seal)  Tomlinson! [Bridge] I'm alive, sir. But I wouldn't be. Mister Spock pulled me out  of the phaser room. He saved my life. He risked his life after I 
