I appreciate that, sir.  I'm sure you understand that I'm anxious to get to Starbase  Ten to assume my new post.  Thank you, sir.  (Everyone leaves, but Doctor Wallace remains seated.)  Captain Kirk?  Facilities at Starbase Ten are much more complete than those  on board ship. It seems to me that your investigations would be  facilitated if we proceeded there. I assure you all co-operation.  I'd hoped for a few words with you at your convenience.  If I may say so sir, we have a due date at Starbase Ten.  Captain, I'm watching four very valuable and one almost  irreplaceable members of the Starfleet failing before my eyes. I want  to do something to help.  Spock, can I have a word with you?  Mister Spock, a starship can function with a Chief Engineer, a  Chief Medical Officer, even a First Officer under physical par. But  it's disastrous to have a commanding officer whose condition is any  less than perfection.  Please understand me. My admiration for Captain Kirk is  unbounded. He is a great officer. But Mister Spock, I need your help  and your co-operation.  I would like you to take over command of the Enterprise.  On the grounds that the captain, because of his affliction, is  unable to perform his duties.  Yes, but you're a Vulcan. You have a much greater life span.  You show the affects to a much smaller degree.  Well, if you are not, with your Vulcan physique, then  obviously Captain Kirk cannot be.  Mister Spock. I do not like what I'm about to say but  regulations demand it. And as a  Starfleet flag officer, I must follow regulations. As second in command  of the Enterprise, you must convene an extraordinary competency  hearing.  It's not a matter of choice. When a captain is unfit,  physically or mentally, a competency hearing is mandatory. Please don't  make me quote a regulation which you know as well as I do.  Mister Spock, may I make a statement? I have had to resort to  these legal grounds in order to save the lives of some very valuable  members of the Starfleet. I have tried to convince Captain Kirk of the  necessity of proceeding to Starbase Ten, but I've been overruled in  each case. The responsibility of this hearing is mine.  The computer differs with you, Captain.  No. I am quite satisfied, Mister Spock.  Well, since the senior officers are incapable and I am of flag  rank, I am forced by regulations to assume command.  What would you have, a junior officer with far less experience  than I have?  Mister Spock, we have to save these people. Mister Sulu, set a  direct course for Starbase Ten. Warp five.  Immediately, Mister Sulu. All officers are to return to their  posts. [Kirk's quarters] (Wallace and Spock enter.)  Thank you, Mister Sulu. Lieutenant Uhura, let me know if we  contact any Romulan.  (The ship is shaken by an impact.)  Keep trying to raise the Romulans.  If I could talk to them, explain to them why we violated the  Neutral Zone.  Opinion, Mister Sulu.  Well then, we have no alternative but to surrender.  What am I going to do? I've got to do something.  Captain, I just wanted to assure you that I did what I thought  best to save you and the men.  If I may say so, Captain, I am now quite aware of what a  starship can do with the right man at the helm.  (McCoy enters) 
