Maintenance Section Eighteen. The section is working on the  Intrepid. Reschedule. The Enterprise is on priority one. That makes  three times you've read it, Jim. Is there an error?  Regulations, Captain. And the extract from your ship's computer  log confirming this sworn deposition?  It's a great pity. The service can't afford to lose men like  Lieutenant Commander Finney.  I'll take that.  (As he puts the data card into his computer, the door opens and a  teenage girl dressed in blue enters.)  Mister Spock, would you please?  Captain Kirk, you say you jettisoned the pod after the Red  Alert?  Then, Captain, I must presume you've committed willful perjury.  This extract from your computer log says you jettisoned the pod before  going to Red Alert. Consider yourself confined to the base. Official  inquiry will determine whether a general court martial is in order.  Captain's Log, Stardate 2948.5. Starship Enterprise  remains in orbit around Starbase Eleven. Full repairs in progress. I've  been ordered to stand by on Starbase Eleven until the inquiry into the  death of Lieutenant Commander Finney can be conducted. I'm confident of  the outcome.  [Starbase Club] (Kirk and McCoy enter, and go to the bar.)  This inquiry, to determine whether a general court-martial  should be convened against Captain Kirk on charges of perjury and  culpable negligence.  Let us begin with your relationship with Commander Finney. You  knew him for a long time, didn't you?  It's common knowledge that something happened to your  friendship.  Continue.  And he blamed you for that?  Comment. Service record of Lieutenant Commander Finney to be  appended this inquiry.  Now let's get into the specifics of the storm, Captain.  Why Finney?  If he blamed you  Then why, Captain, does the computer log from your ship, made  automatically at the time, indicate that you were still on Yellow Alert  when you jettisoned and not on Red?  It would seem so. Could the computer be wrong?  Stop recording. Now, look, Jim. Not one man in a million could  do what you and I have done. Command a starship.  A hundred decisions a day, hundreds of lives staked on you making every  one of them right. You're played out, Jim. Exhausted.  That's the way my report'll read if you co-operate.  Possibly.  Admit nothing. Say nothing. Let me bury the matter here and now.  No starship captain has ever stood trial before, and I don't want you  to be the first.  I'm thinking of the service. I won't have it smeared.  All right. By an evident perjurer who's either covering his bad  judgment, his cowardice, or  It's in the transcript, and computer transcripts don't lie. I'm  telling you, Captain, either you accept a permanent ground assignment,  or the whole disciplinary weight of Starfleet command is going to light  right on your neck.  Then you draw a general court.  This court is now in session. I have appointed as members of  this court Space Command Representative Lindstrom,  Starship Captains Krasnovsky and Chandra. Captain Kirk, I direct your  attention to the fact that you have a right to ask for substitute  officers if you feel that any of these named harbour any prejudiced  attitudes to your case.  Do you consent to the service Lieutenant Shaw as prosecuting  officer and to myself as president of the court?  All right, clerk.  Proceed, Lieutenant.  You may step down.  You may step down.  You may step down. Mister Cogley. You've listened to testimony  from three witnesses, and in neither instance have you availed yourself  of your right to cross-examine. Have you abrogated that right?  Court recognises counsel for the prosecution.  Mister Cogley?  Continue.  Court is now in session. The board will  entertain motions before delivering its verdict. Counsel for the  prosecution?  Counsel for the defence?  Mister Cogley. Mister Cogley!  Of what nature is this evidence?  Counsels will kindly direct their remarks to the bench.  Sustained.  Mister Cogley, we are waiting for proof of  the extraordinary statement you made in the briefing room.  This court is by no means adjourned, Mister Cogley.  Very well.  Captain, are you maintaining an engine crew aboard?  Finney.  KIRK; Localise that.  So Finney is alive.  The orbit is beginning to decay. [Engineering] Mister Spock, the court has not yet reached a verdict. We will  hear this witness out.  Unless the prosecution has an objection, I rule this court to be  dismissed. 
