Trouble aboard the Klingon ship. Evidence of  explosions, massive destruction. [Planet surface] (Five furious Klingons beam down.)  Forward phasers locked and ready to fire, sir.  Warp factor three, sir. [Crew Lounge] Change in course. Accelerating. Helm dead. Auxiliary navigation  dead.  Nothing responds, Captain.  Nine oh two mark five.  Aye, sir.  (Sulu leaves.)  What's Chekov's grudge against the Klingons? Who's Piotre?  His brother? He never had a brother. He's an only child.  Aye, sir.  (Sulu leaves)  All clear, Mister Scott. [Engineering] (Scott is talking to some engineers when they are  jumped by Klingons. He backs out into the corridor where Sulu karate  chops Scott's attacker.)  [Corridor outside Engineering] Aye. [Engineering] (Kang and Mara come in to receive the praise of  their crew.)  Captain.  Aye, Captain.  (Sulu leaves as Scott arrives.)  No good, Captain. [Jefferies tube] Circuits are in, but systems just aren't  responding.  (Then the lights come back on.)  [Bridge] Aye, Captain. Power and life-support  restored. Remotes on standby. 
Steady. No, Mister Scott, bearing three ten mark thirty five just  cleared. No antimatter residue.  Bearing two ten mark forty. Strong particle concentration. We're  on it, Mister Scott.  Course laid in, sir. Particle density decreasing. Gone, sir. No  readings.  Approaching what seems to be an asteroid  belt, sir. Scanners report approximately seven thousand bodies of  sizes running from types A to N.  Approximately thirty four percent of the bodies of atmospherian  types H to M.  Course two twenty four mark twelve. ETA fifty seven minutes. 
In here feeding the weepers, Janice.  May the Great Bird of the Galaxy bless your planet.  Her name's Gertrude.  Why do people have to call inanimate objects she, like she's a  fast ship.  Hello, Green.  (stroking plant) Take it easy. Calm down. Very sensitive.  Wait a minute, I'll walk along.  Bridge. Sulu. Trouble on deck nine, section two. We need a  medical team.   Captain's log, Stardate 1513.8. I am now certain that the violent death  of my crewmen was caused by some strange life-form. [McCoy's  quarters]   Casualty, Captain. Barnhart was found dead on deck nine.  Same symptoms.  Bridge. Sulu.  GQ security three, sir. [Corridor]   General quarters three. Intruder alert. GQ three. Intruder  GQ three now secured except for decks five, seven, and ten. Come  in, please.  Go to Engineering now. Run through file photos of the crewmen  there.  Keep in mind if you find him, he's not Crewman Green. The Captain  reports Crewman Green is dead.  He, whatever, was probably your crewman, too, Lieutenant.  The creature?  Bridge to Captain. Sulu here.  Affirmative, Captain.  General quarters four, Captain.  Deck five, section three. Deck five, section three. Report.  Ready to leave orbit, Captain.  Warp one, sir. Leaving orbit. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Yes, Captain?  Aye, sir.  How do you figure it, Chekov? First we're  going to Vulcan, then we're going to Altair, then we're headed to  Vulcan again, and now we're headed back to Altair.  Maybe you ought to plot a course back for Vulcan, just in case. [Spock's quarters] (Spock is playing his lyre when the intercom  whistles.) 
We're holding orbit, sir. The helm is sluggish. 
Standard orbit, Captain.  We're coming back on our original course, Captain.  Captain, the M-5 has calculated that. The orbit is already  plotted.  Standard orbit achieved, Captain.  Phasers one one hundredth power, sir.  Speed increasing to warp three. Turning now to one one two mark  five. Phasers locking on target, sir.  Main phasers firing. A hit, sir. Two more.  Phasers firing again.  Firing again.  Captain, deflector shields just came on.  She won't respond, sir. She's maintaining course.  I already tried, sir.  Lieutenant Sulu here, sir.  Right away, sir. You heard him.  Helm to Captain Kirk.  Captain, helm doesn't respond. Navigational  controls still locked in by M-5. [Corridor] Phasers locking on lead ship, sir. Power levels at full strength.    Our phasers are firing, sir.  We're firing again, sir.  Phasers firing, Captain.  Phasers locked on.  Phasers firing.  Phasers firing. A hit.  The other three ships are holding station out of range. The  Excalibur looks dead.  All phaser power gone, sir. 
Alert! Alert! All decks alert! Alert! Alert! Captain to the  Bridge. All decks alert.  All decks, condition red. All decks,  condition red. Captain's Log, stardate 1709.2. Patrolling outposts  guarding the neutral zone between planets Romulus and Remus and the  rest of the galaxy, received emergency call from outpost 4. The U.S.S.  Enterprise is moving to investigate and assist. Our speed is now maximum, sir.  Battle stations. All hands to battle stations. Battle stations.  Battle stations. All decks acknowledge. All decks acknowledge, sir. All  stations show green.  Screen is on full mag, sir.  Acknowledged, sir.  Cancel battle stations.  I agree, sir. Respectfully recommend all decks maintain security  alert.  Security alert, sir.  Something visual ahead, Captain, at extreme range. He's changing  course, sir.  Turning, sir. [Romulan ship] (We're given a lovely shot of the bird painted on  it's belly)  They're turning, sir. We're staying with  them.  Attack, without a visible target? How do we aim our phasers?  And hope for a lucky shot before they zero in on us?  And if they could report they destroyed us?  All stations manned, Captain.  Acknowledged, Captain.  Phaser crew signal ready, sir.  Sir, nothing in  Hard to starboard.  Phaser overload. Control circuit burnout.  (Spock goes under his station to put out the flames)  Captain, are they surrendering?  (The Romulan ship has become visible)  Full power, sir. It's still overtaking us. If we can get one  phaser working, sir, one shot might detonate it.  Ten seconds to impact. Captain, It's dissipating, sir.  Five, four, three, two, one. Impact!  (Everyone gets thrown about a bit)  Ahead, sir. Maximum.  Debris scatter ahead, sir. We've hit him.  Lateral power, sir.  More wreckage, sir, scattering across our  path.  Enemy vessel becoming visible, sir. 
Scanners are blank, Captain. We're getting a mass of readings  I've never seen. Nothing makes sense.  (Kirk switches on Spock's science computer)  Yes, sir.  Aye, aye, sir. Yes, Captain?  Totally inoperative, sir. No readings at all.  Yes, sir. No change.  But Captain, two degrees means they'll be overlooking more than a  dozen terrestrial miles on each search loop.  Yes, sir.  Captain, course set for Makus Three.  Space normal, sir?  Captain, there's something there on screen, at Taurus Two.  (On the viewscreen, a long trail of yellow crosses the green of the  planet)  No. It's holding a lateral line. There it is again. Holding  steady, Captain.  Whatever it was, Captain, it just burned up in the atmosphere.  Aye, aye, sir. Warp factor one.  (later, everyone is back on duty) 
Forty degrees.  (He reaches for the switch, and sways as if dizzy, then stands up and  vanishes)  Where are we?  Is he kidding?  Captain, where could he possibly come from? Who is this maniac?  You mean, it shows he's dead?  No.  We haven't even got our phasers.  Captain, how far do we go along with this charade?  Laid in, sir.  Standing by to warp, sir.  Captain, we're about to warp.  No, sir. All instruments show on course.  Turning, Captain. Nut not veering off from it.  Turn completed, and still accelerating toward the planet.  Warping down, Captain. Our warp factor four. 
Astro sciences standing by, Captain.  If you want the mathematics of this, Mitchell's ability is  increasing geometrically. That is, like having a penny, doubling it  every day. In a month, you'll be a millionaire. 
Warp factor two, sir.  Aye, sir. Three seven three mark eight.  Aye, sir.  Sulu here, Captain. Starfleet Command is requesting additional  details on the delay.  The death penalty is forbidden. There's only one exception.  The captain really must be going mad if he  thinks he can get away with an execution.  What difference does it make who he is? Are we going to allow an  execution to take place?  I'll fight them every way and any way I can.  (Kirk enters) 
Captain, sensors indicate a space vehicle of some sort ahead.  Coming into range now, sir. It's following a very erratic course.    It looks like the one reported stolen from Starbase Four two  weeks ago.  Tractor beams activated. We have it, sir.  Aye, sir.  Hangar doors open and clearing for entrance of shuttlecraft.  Shuttlecraft approaching hangar deck. [Turbolift] Bridge to Captain Kirk.  Hangar doors closed, and hangar deck is pressurising.  Automatic, sir.  It's out of control or a suicide mission.  Brace yourself for collision. Brace yourself.  (Nothing happens.)  No, sir. The ship is unresponsive. We're moving away from  Ariannus.  I can't understand it. I simply have no control.  No one knows how he'll react under pressure, Lokai.  Yes, but it happened way back in the twentieth century. There's  no such primitive thinking today.  Ready here.  Locked in, sir.  Ready here.  (This time the oceans and land masses are very clearly seen. Not a  cloud in the sky.)  Controls operating. The Enterprise is responding as always.  Captain, it's beautiful.  But their planet's dead. Does it matter now which one's right? 
Aye, aye, sir.  Just within transporter range, sir.  I can't get an accurate fix on the Defiant, Mister Scott, but I  know it's drifting away from us. Shall I correct for range, sir?  Mister Scott, the Defiant. It's starting to disappear. [Transporter room] Aye, aye, sir.  [Defiant Bridge] I think he had several spasms of pain.  Mister Spock. A vessel approaching on an intercept vector.  Range two hundred thousand kilometres. Velocity zero point five  one C.  (An arrow-head shaped ship has arrived.)  They've stopped dead, sir. Range ninety thousand kilometres and  holding.  Sensor readings are not corresponding to those we received the  last time we saw the Defiant.  Mister Spock, we're being fired upon.  (The ship shakes to the impact of the blasts of energy.)  But sir, that'll reduce our phaser power by fifty percent.  Phasers locked in, sir.  Ready, Mister Spock.  A hit, Mister Spock.  Mister Spock, something has just entered sensor range. It's  another Tholian, sir. Loskene must've contacted them when he tried to  intercept us.  Shall I lock in remaining phaser power, sir?  Just beyond phaser range, sir.  Yes, sir.  (Five horizontal lines on the viewscreen.)  Mister Spock, they're closing the web.  It's the Captain. Sir, the tractor field is activating.  I can't, sir.  Warp factor two, sir. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
I don't think he's even noticed she has a brain.  Captain, I'm picking up a high intensity reading.  No, sir.  (There's a bright thing in the middle of the viewscreen.) An engineer  touches Scott's arm to attract his attention.)  Captain, it's approaching at warp factor two point six and  accelerating.  Shields activated, Captain.  (The bright thing 'invades' the ship with sparkles. Only Mira does not  shield her eyes from it. Then the sparkles withdraw.)  No, it was speech that was affected. I couldn't utter a sound.  Captain, I've plotted the storm's path.  On its present course, it will hit Memory Alpha planetoid as it  did us.  It is already over Memory Alpha, Captain! Its speed is  incredible. It's hitting the planetoid.  It is leaving Memory Alpha, Captain.  Sulu here.  Yes, sir.  (The woman's face turns different vivid colours.)  Enterprise to Captain Kirk. [Memory Alpha] Bridge, sir. The storm has reappeared on the long range  scanner and is closing fast.  Coming back in this direction.  Captain, it's changing course.  Captain, it's heading straight for us.  Shields activated.  One four three mark three.  Evasive action.  Two one seven mark five. Still with us, sir.  One one seven mark two. Still with us, sir!  Captain, change in velocity recorded. They are passing our  starboard side and  manoeuvreing in front of us. Switching to forward scanner. Captain,  change in velocity recorded. It has accelerated its approach. [Engineering] Locked in, sir.  None, sir. They're still approaching us.  Locked in, sir.  The phasers seem to have stopped their  approach. They're holding position.  Locked in, sir.  Ready for firing, Captain.  Status unchanged. They're still with us and keeping  the same distance.  Bridge to Captain Kirk. [Briefing room] The alien is no longer maintaining its  distance.  Sulu, Captain. All evasion tactics carried out as ordered.  It’s been useless, Captain.  Yes, sir.  Attention. All personnel, attention. Alien  force has penetrated the ship. [Corridor] Take defensive action. Attention, all  personnel. The alien being has penetrated the ship. Take defensive  action.  Sulu, Captain.  Yes, sir. 
Maintaining standard orbit, Captain.  Hi there.  (blissfully unaware of reality) The planet Triacus.  With all respects, Captain, you're wrong. I have Triacus on my  screen now.  (And all five children standing near him.) [Transporter room] Yes, sir.  Captain, stay away from the controls! If you touch them, we'll be  destroyed.  Marcos Twelve dead ahead, sir.  Aye, sir.  (McCoy leads the children off the bridge.)  Course reversed, Captain.  Yes, sir. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
Sir, we're now within the limits of System L-370, but I can't  seem to locate  Aye, aye, sir.  (Later.)  Entering limits of System L-374, sir. Scanners show the same  evidence of destruction.  All phaser banks manned and ready, sir.  Aye, sir.  No other vessels in the area, Captain. All scanners show clear.  It's closing on us, Mister Spock.  Aye, sir.  It's veering off, back on course for the next solar system. The  Rigel colony, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  (Spock stands completely still, like a statue, as Enterprise arrives  back at the planet-killer.)  [Constellation Auxiliary Control] (Kirk is trying to mend the viewscreen, but just  making smoke and spluttering noises.)  Closing fast.  Aye, aye, sir.  (The planet killer fires at them.)  Direct hit. It just bounced off.  We can't break loose!  SPOCK; We need more power.  We haven't got it. We're being pulled inside. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] (Kirk sees Enterprise approach the planet-killer's  'mouth'.)  Aye, sir. We still can't move. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] We're loose, Commodore.  Standing by, sir.  We're moving away, Commodore.  It's closing with us again, sir.  It's sucking in space rubble from those destroyed planets.  Refueling itself.  It's gaining on us, sir. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Mark twenty one, sir.  Mister Spock, someone's opening the  shuttlecraft bay doors.  It's too late, sir. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Mister Spock, sensors indicate a minute drop  in the machine's power emanations. Do you think the shuttlecraft  explosion might have done some damage?  He's two thousand miles from the planet  killer and closing fast. [Jefferies tube] (The cables stop spluttering.)  Fifteen hundred miles and closing.  One thousand miles and closing.  Five hundred miles and closing. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] (The throat of the machine fills the screen when he  flips the final red switch.)  Sixty, fifty, forty [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Thirty.  Ten [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Nine, eight  [Jefferies tube] Seven.  Six. [Constellation Auxiliary Control] Five, four  (We see the Constellation enter the planet-killer. We see Kyle  frantically to beam something in. We see a cloud coming out of the  planet-killer before there's a bang.)  [Transporter room]
Bridge, Helm, sir.  Now in standard orbit, sir. I've pinpointed their  encampment below.  Aye, sir.  You think it's a Klingon ship?  Picking it up, sir. Taking a fix.  Interception course computed and laid in, sir.  Aye, sir.  Approaching the freighter's last reported  position, sir.  At best, a freighter might travel warp two.  It couldn't have run away from us, sir. Not a freighter.  Wouldn't they normally call for the nearest starship?  A trap. We were diverted from the planet.  Yes, sir. Continuing. [Cave] (Dark, with convenient flat-topped rocks studding  the smooth floor.)  Still negative, Mister Scott. All sweeps.  Warp five, sir. On course for Capella Four.  Scotty, if it should turn out to be real  Thirty one minutes, sir.  Reversing to sub-light, one half.  Aye, aye, sir.  I have it on the viewscreen now, sir. Still distant. Holding a  position dead ahead, sir.  Still closing. The alien's directly in our line of flight.  Phaser banks are ready, sir. 
Aye, sir. Readings now indicate two point seven two one on the  Ritter scale. At the present rate of decrease, we'll have to wait at  least seventeen hours more before we can even attempt to enter orbit.  The storm's already lasted four hours longer than we've  anticipated. Do you suppose our landing party could be in any danger?  Aye, aye, sir. Warp factor two. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
O'Neil, we've got to keep going. Come on, get up.  The Captain gave us an order. We've got to find some clue.  Scouting party to Enterprise. [Bridge] Come in.  Captain, beam us up quick. Emergency. [Bridge] Mister O'Neil, stand tight. They'll beam us up any minute.  O'Neil!  (One of the robed figures reaches Sulu and points his hollow stave at  him. Sulu stiffens, then relaxes with a smile on his face. The  transporter takes him away.)  [Transporter room] What? Who?  You. You're not of the Body.  You, you did it. They knew we were Archons. These are the clothes  they wear, not these.  (Throws a bundle at a man, and takes his jacket off.)  Landru. Landru.  They're wonderful. They're the sweetest, friendliest people in  the universe. It's paradise, my friend. Paradise.  Paradise. Paradise.  Captain's Log. Stardate 3156.2. While orbiting  planet Beta Three trying to find some trace of the starship Archon that  disappeared here a hundred years ago, a search party consisting of two  Enterprise officers were sent to the planet below. Mister Sulu has  returned, but in a highly agitated mental state. His condition requires  I beam down with an additional search detail.  [Street] (The extensive landing party is now in more late  19th Century American style clothes, with bootlace ties and long  jackets. Spock has a cape with the hood raised to cover his ears.)  Relieving you. [Hall of Audiences]
But, sir, that could take years.  Aye, sir.  [Corridor] (Kirk is checking each room when he sees a young  woman walking backwards from a junction, arms outstretched as she  almost dances.)  With the captain lost, sir, that's the best they could come up  with? 
They're veering off, sir.  Standing by, sir.  Tractor beam engaged.  They've not cut power, sir. They're struggling to escape.  How do you know what I want?  You make it tempting.  No explanation, sir.  Captain, I get no response from controls. We're going off course.    Captain, it seems as though someone else is running the ship.  Captain, we're now leaving the Neutral Zone. Bearing into Romulan  space!  Sulu here, Captain. What happened to us? I heard a whistle,  and then  I think so, sir. 
Captain, shields just snapped on. Something heading in at  multiwarp speeds.  It's going to hit.  (Everyone gets thrown around a lot, and the lights go out for a short  while.)  Aye, sir.  We're losing power, sir.  Photon torpedoes armed, sir.  Ready, sir.  Torpedo away. (a pause, then a flash) Direct hit.  Sir, they've fired another. 
Computers indicate an impact somewhere in the heart of the  Euro-Asian continent. 
Phaser banks standing by, sir.  What happened?  No change from last reading, sir.  I've got it again. An ion trail matching when  we first saw her.  Warp six.  No mistake, sir.  Captain's log, stardate 5431.4. for fifteen hours  and twenty minutes we have been following the ion trail of the  spaceship that has Spock's brain. Time left to us, eight hours and  forty minutes. [Bridge] Captain, I've lost the trail.  It's gone, sir. A sudden deaction shift.  But that ship, Captain, either it was many years ahead of us or  the most incredible design fluke in history.  But a technological rating of only three. They couldn't possibly  have put that ship we saw into space.  I say planet four, Captain. At least planet four is ahead of  three technologically.  A hunch, Captain? 
Captain, the life-support system override  jammed.  Aye, sir.  This is the first time I heard a malfunction threaten us.  Aye, sir.  (Kirk crouches down by Spock under the life-support station.)  What's going on, Captain?  Captain? (gets his injection, and grins) Who ever he is, he sure  talks gloomy.  With an armful of this stuff, I wouldn't be afraid of a  supernova.  I wonder who it is we're not supposed to be afraid of. [Briefing room] (McCoy is in the process of inoculating the group.  Scott feels no pain, that's for sure.) 
The reading's growing stronger, Captain.  Coming from a star system directly ahead.  Planet dead ahead, Captain. Becoming visual.  (There's a yellow and gold planet on the viewscreen.)  All power gone, sir.  All normal. No damage at all. 
(holding pink animal with a horn) Temperature's starting to drop.    That's nippy.  It's already twenty degrees below zero. Can't exactly [Briefing room] call it balmy.  Can you give us a status report, Captain?  Temperature's still dropping. Now forty one degrees below zero.  Do you think you might be able to find a long rope somewhere and  lower us down a pot of hot coffee?  [Sickbay] Rice wine will do, if you're short on coffee.  (using phaser to heat rocks) I think we ought  to give room service another call. That coffee's taking too long.  Enterprise, this is Sulu.  [Briefing room] Hot line direct to the Captain. Are we that far gone?  Oh, lovely, except that the frost is building up. We're using  hand phasers to heat the rocks. One phaser quit on us,  three still operating. Any possibility of getting us back aboard before  the skiing season opens down here?  [Briefing room] Per your training programme, Mister Spock.  [Sickbay] (other Kirk is screaming)  Captain K-Kirk, Sulu here. One hundred  seventeen below. Can't last much longer. [Sickbay] Can't see clearly, Doctor, to read top  indicator. Think the cold penetrating communicator. Two men  unconscious. No time. No. Can't wait. No time. 
Captain, we're picking up a ship on our sensors, heading directly  into the Denevan sun. He'll burn up.  He's too close, Captain.  He burned up, Captain.  Aye, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  Completing the seeding orbit, Captain. Two  hundred and ten ultraviolet satellites now in position. Seventy two  miles altitude, permanent orbit about the planet.  Ready, Captain.  Warp factor one, sir. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
We can't beam anybody down, sir. The force field on the planet is  in full operation, and all forms of transport into the asylum dome are  blocked off.  The force field is weakest on the far side of the planet. We can  send down a shuttlecraft carrying a team in environmental suits.  There's been an explosion on Elba Two!  Yes, sir. Solidly.  On the far side of the planet, Mister Scott.  Yes, sir.  Orbital co-ordinates released, sir.  Course one four mark six eight. Synchronous orbit re-established,  sir.  Ship's phasers ready, sir.  Force field still holding, sir. [Control room]
Captain?  Not unless I am, too. Captain, that thing's a giant hand.  Hard about. We can't seem to get away from it.  All engines reverse.  (Everyone is thrown forward as the ship is grabbed by the hand and  stopped in its tracks.)  We're dead still, Captain. Helm doesn't answer. We can't move.  Captain's log, stardate 3468.1. While approaching  Pollux Four, a planet in the Beta Geminorum system, the Enterprise has  been stopped in space by an unknown force of some kind.  [Bridge] Aye, aye, sir.  Applying thrust, sir. No results, Captain. We're stuck tight.  Aye, aye, sir. Standing by.  Ineffective, Captain. There doesn't seem to be anything to push  against.  Working, sir.  Computed and standing by to generate, sir.  No good, Mister Spock. We didn't even faze it. We're still locked  tight.  Mister Spock, here's something. There seems to be a radiated  energy pulsation coming from the planet. I don't know what it is, sir.  I can't seem to pinpoint it.  The whole planet, sir? Yes, sir. The whole planet. [Water's side] (At a marble bench by a tranquil water scene.)  Sectors one through twenty five charted and examined. No chance  at all of power originating in those areas.  Aye, sir. Fourteen B by twenty six index.  All phaser banks, fire! [Temple] (The white marble starts to glow pink under the  phaser beams, and Apollo runs back.)  All phaser banks, maintain firing rate!  Maintaining, sir. [Temple]
Warp factor two, sir. [Ambassador's quarters] (Spock removes the anti-gravity handle.)  I don't believe this myself, Captain, but we're travelling at  warp factor eight point five.  Warp factor nine and accelerating.  Aye, sir.  Captain. 
Impulse drive, Captain?  Aye, aye, sir.  Lost contact now.  Captain! Distant bearing, sir, mark seven three point five.  Bridge to Captain.  Captain, the Klingon ship has changed course. It is heading  toward us at warp speed.  Phasers ready, sir.  Laid in, Captain.  Aye, sir. One hundred thousand kilometres. Ninety. Eighty.  Sixty.  Fifty.  She's passed us without firing a shot.  Captain, the Klingon ship is closing on an intercept course. Five  hundred thousand kilometres. Deflector shields up.  Three hundred thousand kilometres.  One hundred thousand kilometres.  (Weapons fire hits the Enterprise)  Here he comes again, sir.  Sorry, Captain. She won't respond fast enough on impulse.  He's paralleling us again. He seems to have broken off the  attack.  He's coming in again, sir.  Aye, sir.  Shields holding, but weakened, sir.  Captain, number four shield just collapsed. Impulse power down to  thirty one percent.  Captain, he's starting his run.  Aye, sir.  Warp power to the shields, Captain?  Aye, sir.  One hundred thousand kilometres.  Seventy five. Seventy. Sixty. Fifty.  Forty.  Thirty.  Direct hit amidships by photon torpedo.  Aye, aye, sir.  [Transporter room] (Kirk is already there when Petri and Elaan enter,  her bodyguards trailing behind) 
Yes, sir. Helm answering. She's sluggish, sir.  Picking up, sir, but she's still slow in responding. [Jet fighter] Me, too. If this one's like those, it'll make the devil's noise  if you start it.  I didn't hear anything.  The emergency signal.  Five thirty in that time zone, maybe a little after.  Yes, sir. [Photo lab] (Kirk walks out into the main lab just as security  walk in. He shuts the door behind him and fights the three men, making  lots of noise so Sulu can hear what is going on. He's eventually  restrained, and the Colonel takes a look in the dark room. It's empty.)    Shall I issue phasers?  Yes, sir. (leaves)  Mister Spock ran them through. They were the right ones. We got  them all.  (Spock goes into the Colonel's office)  Yes, sir.  Yes, sir.  Captain's Log, Stardate 3114.1. We must make an  attempt to break free of this time, or we and our reluctant passengers  will remain its prisoners. All we have is a theory and a few facts.  [Briefing room] Warp factor three, sir.  Sir, our speed is increasing. We're travelling at over warp  eight.  It's maximum now, sir. She's fighting it.  (Then everyone's thrown forward)  Gaining speed now, Captain. We're now at warp four, warp seven.  Eight. Off the dial, sir.  Past Pluto, sir.  Engines cutting back, sir. No decrease in speed.  The engines! [Engineering]
What kind of earthquakes do they have in this  place?  It's gone! The Enterprise, it's gone!  (Sulu hands over his tricorder.)  The Enterprise must have blown up. That would explain the high  radiation readings, wouldn't it, Captain? If the matter - antimatter  engines  Once in Siberia there was a meteor so great that it flattened  whole forests and  was felt as far away as  Aye, sir.  Yes, Captain. All vegetation is inedible. Poison to us.  Aye, sir.  Sulu to Captain.  Captain, I was making a standard magnetic sweep. From zero, I  suddenly got a reading that was off the scale. Then, a reverse of  polarity and now I get nothing. I've never seen anything like this  reading. Like a door opened and then closed again.  Poor D'Amato. What a terrible way to die.  That's the same red rock.  Yes, sir.  It looks so lonely there.  Doctor, how can you joke about it?  You remember on Janus Six, the silicon creatures  Beings intelligent enough to have destroyed the Enterprise?  The basic substance of this planet is an alloy of  diburnium-osmium. It couldn't have evolved naturally.  But Captain, where are the people who made it? Why can't we see  them?  I'll take the first watch, sir.  Aye, sir.  (Sulu sets up the tricorder on a rock ledge, and leaves it beeping away  to itself.)  [Bridge] Who are you?  How do you know this? Where did you get this information? Are you  from this planet?  Then the planet is hollow. Who killed Lieutenant D'Amato? All  right. The captain will want to talk to you. That way. Move!  What do you want?  You were on the Enterprise. Keep back! Stop or I'll shoot! I  don't want to have to kill a woman.  (Sulu fires his phaser at her feet, then at her. It has no effect.)  Captain Kirk! Captain Kirk!  (As he backs away, Sulu falls over a stone. Losira manages to brush his  shoulder before he gets away, screaming in pain, and Kirk steps in  front of her.)  Don't let her touch you, Captain! That's how D'Amato died.  Phasers won't stop her.  How can such people be, Captain? Such evil and she's so, so  beautiful.  She just touched me. How could it happen so fast?  Captain, I'm happy the way it turned out.  I feel fine, Captain.  But Captain, how does she know about us? Does she read our minds?  (there's a whining sound) Phaser on overload!  Captain, I'm getting that strange magnetic  sweep again, from zero to off the scale.  She must be somewhere.  I'd rather be on the Enterprise, sir.  It's a very painful affair. I can tell you.  Captain, we can no longer protect each other.  (Spock and a security guard beam in.) 
All observation stations, take final  readings. This'll be our last orbit.  I'm reading it now, Mister Spock. It seems to indicate artificial  power being generated in factor seven quantities.  Completing final orbit, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  Perfect oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere.  (in the captain's chair) All ship's systems  going dead. Switch to reserve power. All decks report status.  Bridge to Engineering. Come in. What's happening to our power?  Bridge to Engineering, report.  No answer yet on what caused it. They're standing by.  Captain! How can we warn him?  (Khan throws a rock at Spock, and a fight starts until the bad guys run  off)  [Planet surface] Is that you, Captain? Are you all right?  We should be on warp power within thirty minutes, sir.  Aye, aye, sir. <Back  to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related  marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc.  Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for  educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights 
There he is, sir. Centre screen. Still trying  to run away from us, sir.  No, sir.  Changing course again. He knows we're after him all right.  He's seen the asteroids too, sir.  If one hits him.  He's drifting into the asteroid belt, Captain.  We're overloading, Captain. Engine temperatures climbing.  That was one of our lithium crystal circuits, sir.  Another lithium circuit. Now supplementing  with battery power, sir.  Asteroid hit him dead centre. [Transporter room] You're on duty, Johnny-o. Back to reality.  I noticed. How I noticed. Come on, Johnny.  Captain Kirk, engineering section reports our entire life-support  system is now on batteries.  Power curve still dropping, Captain.  Checking, but not getting much.  That's Ben Childress' quarters.  Engines engaged. Helm answering.  Ahead full, sir. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of  CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present.  The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and  entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their 
Beautiful, beautiful. No animals, no people,  no worries. Just what the doctor ordered. Right, Doctor?  Do you think the Captain will authorise shore leave here?  He'd like it.  To get some cell-structure records. A blade of grass, a bush, a  tree, a flower petal. With these, we can tell the whole planet's  biology.  (As Sulu crouches down behind some pampas grass, McCoy turns and looks  straight at a white rabbit in a check jacket, yellow waistcoat, and  looking at a gold pocket-watch.)  What is it? What's the matter?  See what? I don't see anything. What is it, Doc? [Kirk's quarters] (The Captain is dictating his log in the presence  of Yeoman Tonia Barrows)  Target shooting, Captain. Isn't it a beauty? Haven't got anything  like this in my collection.  I found it. I know it's a crazy coincidence, but I've always  wanted one like this. Found it lying right over there. An old-time  police special, and in beautiful condition. Hasn't been one like this  made in a couple of centuries.  (handing it over) It fires lead pellets propelled by expanding  gases from a chemical explosion.  Captain, take cover! There's a Samurai after me.  I mean, there was. (no one is chasing him now) Captain, you've  got to believe me.  Got a call a few minutes ago. Rodriguez. Said you were  rendezvousing back at the glade.  That's not all. So's my phaser.  Yes, sir. (sound of a transporter beam) Look. Someone beaming  down from the bridge.  We're stranded down here, Captain?  (at the knight's body) Captain! Captain!  (Kirk goes over)  You'd better have a look at this, sir. (the knight is a plastic  dummy) I don't understand.  It's like a dummy, Captain. It couldn't be alive.  Still operating, sir.  Captain!  He's gone. Dragged off.  Sir.  Play? As advanced as you obviously are, and you still play? 
Sir, contact with an object. It's moving toward us. No visual  contact yet.  It's coming at light speed.  Object changing direction, too, sir. Keeps coming at us.  It's slowing down, Mister Spock.  Bridge to all decks. Condition alert. All decks, condition alert.  Captain Kirk to the Bridge.  Captain's Log, star date 1512.2. On our third day  of star mapping, an unexplained cubical object blocked our vessel's  path. On the Bridge, Mister Spock immediately ordered general alert. My  location, Sickbay. Quarterly physical check.  [Sickbay] All decks alert. All decks alert.  [Turbolift] You try to cross brains with Spock, he'll cut you to pieces every  time.  [Kirk's quarters] Each of its edges measures one hundred seven metres. Mass, a  little under eleven thousand metric tons.  Yes, sir. Helmsman to Engine Room, stand by. All decks alert.  We're going to try pulling away.  [Bridge] Point two five, sir. Still blocking us, sir.  Point five oh, sir.  Half speed.  Full speed.  Warp one, sir.  Warp two, sir. Speed is now warp three.  Yes, sir.  There, sir.  Reducing to warp two, sir.  Engines overloading, sir.  All engines stopped, sir.  Magnification two five, sir. Magnification one eight point five,  sir.  Plotted and laid in, sir.  Warp factor. There's no response.  All engine systems show dead, and weapon systems.  Seven minutes and forty five seconds.  Four minutes, thirty seconds.  One minute. I knew he would. (Bailey enters) If anyone's  interested, thirty seconds.  Eleven, ten seconds, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three,  two, one.  Something's going on, Captain. (something leaves the Fesarius)  We're being towed, sir.  Captain's Log, star date 1514.1. The Enterprise is  in tow. To this point, no resistance has been offered. My plan? A show  of resignation. Balok's tractor beam has to be a heavy drain of power  on his small ship. Question. Will he grow careless?  [Bridge] Our speed is down to point six four of light.  Yes, sir.  It's a strain, Captain. Engines are overloading.  All engines stopped, sir.  Ahead slow, sir. 
Yes, sir.  (Kirk enters.)  Aye, sir.  Phasers one and two locked in and ready.  Warp factor three, sir.  [McCoy's office]
Aye, sir.  [Planet surface] Yes, Mister Spock.  Mister Chekov, phaser setting for planetary  target A.  Port batteries locked.  (Uhura enters, and goes to her station. Sulu goes over to her. He has a  very nasty scar down his face.)  Still no interest, Uhura? Hmm? I could change your mind.  Is the captain here? Is Spock here? When the cat's away  (She slaps his hand away, then Kirk enters. Everyone salutes him.)  Phasers Locked on target A, Captain. Approaching optimum range.  Commence fire, Captain? Captain?  Shall I correct orbit to new firing position?  Aye, sir.  Secondary target now moving beyond our phaser lock.  Aye, sir.  My security board has detected extensive use  of computer, Mister Spock. I was about to inform you. [Spock's quarters] It's not hard to guess the nature of  your order from Starfleet Command. I suggest a connection. The captain  suspects. [Bridge] He's working on escape or defence. [Spock's quarters] Correct. It's your play. I hope you succeed,  because the order would fall on me next and you know how Captain Kirk's  enemies have a habit of disappearing. [Spock's quarters] (wrapping his arms around her naked waist) Now you're making  sense.  Any time's a good time.  (She slaps him, hard.)  You take a lot of chances, Lieutenant.  Mister Spock has orders to kill you, Captain. He will succeed,  apparently. You will also appear to have killed him after a fierce  battle. Regrettable, but it will leave me in command.  (Then one of the henchmen disappears, and another. Marlena presses the  button again and Sulu is alone. Kirk disarms and knocks him out  easily.) 
Aye, sir.  Aye, sir.  Not enough, Mister Spock. It's only point zero zero one three  degrees.  Aye, sir.  All phasers locked, sir.  Standing by, sir.  Phaser one firing. [Engineering] Phaser two firing.  Phaser four firing. All phasers fired, sir.  Tracking report, sir. Sixty five minutes to end of safety  margin. 
Captain, the automatic deflector screen just popped on. Body  approaching.  Captain, the other ship doesn't register. Only drifting debris.  We got him.  No contact, Captain. He blew up all right.  Aye, aye, sir.  Yes, sir.  Perfectly, sir.  We'll handle them, sir.  But, Captain  Captain, a large number of Klingon vessels have just arrived. [Bridge] They're opening fire.  Yes, sir. My screens are up. I can't drop them to beam you  aboard. [Council Chamber] Captain. [Bridge] I can't explain it. We were just closing in  on the Klingon fleet when [Kor's office] Every control on our ship became too hot  to handle.  (Then it all goes dark, and he can touch the consoles again)  Our power's gone. Our phaser banks are dead. 
What is it, Captain?  Captain, we're coming under attack.  Unidentified ship quartering in. [Ruins] We can't beam you up. I've just rigged  up defensive screens.  Firing phasers, Captain. The alien has  screens up, too. [Ruins] Are you under attack, Captain? [Ruins] We could drop screens.  Captain, are you all right? [Ruins] We returned fire with all phaser banks.  Negative against its deflector screen. [Ruins] Aye, aye, sir. Arm photon torpedoes. Stand  by. [Ruins] No, sir. Doesn't correspond with any configuration we're  familiar with. [Bridge] We can't get visual contact. She's too far  away.  Photon torpedoes locked on, Captain. [Ruins] KIRK; Fire all banks. [Bridge] All banks fired, sir. [Ruins] Clear, Captain, but you [Ruins] Yes, sir. Photon torpedoes negative, Captain.  I'm warping out of orbit. [Ruins] Captain, the alien's withdrawing. She's at extreme range,  but our sensors indicate she just activated her transporters.  Aye, aye, sir. Our screens are down. We can  beam you up now, sir. [Ruins] Aye, aye, sir.  Captain's log, supplement. We have beamed back to  the Enterprise and immediately set out in pursuit of the alien vessel.  It appears to be headed toward a largely unexplored section of the  galaxy.  [Sickbay] Sulu here, sir.  Affirmative, sir.  Affirmative, sir.  They must be aware we're after them, sir. They've gone to warp  six also.  Aye, aye, sir.  Alien ship maintaining interval, Captain. Now at warp seven.  Aye, aye, sir.  Captain.  Closing on target, sir.  Yes, sir. We're closing, sir.  Captain!  The alien. It's slowing down. Warp five, four, two. It's going  sublight, sir. Sir? It's stopped dead in space.  No, sir. They're just dead out there.  Yes, sir. Unmoving.  Range is one eight one zero. One seven six zero. Range is one  seven zero zero. One six four zero. Range is one five nine zero.  One five five zero and closing, sir.  (Suddenly, the ship decelerates, and everyone hangs on to something as  the lights dim.)  Warp six, warp five, four, warp three, warp one. Sublight,  Captain. We're stuck, Captain. It's impossible, but. It's impossible.  He's gone. [Planet surface] (A dinosaur- like being with multifaceted eyes and  a multicoloured tunic greets us with a roar. Kirk is now wearing a belt  with the recorder/translator on it)  Captain.  It's impossible, but there's Sirius over there when it should be  here. And Canopus. And Arcanis. We're. All of a sudden, we're clear  across the galaxy, five hundred parsecs from where we are I mean, were.  I mean  Aye, aye, sir.  (McCoy leaves)  Warp factor one. 
There's an unplanned course change being fed into the  instruments, sir.  I can't, sir.  Sir, auxiliary control is on total override.  Turning on three oh seven degrees, mark eight. Being executed  now, sir.  [Auxiliary Control] (The three burly security men arrive.)  Sir, the instruments won't respond.  Sir, we're picking up speed. Warp five, six. Warp seven, sir.  I can't, sir. All the controls are jammed. 
Approaching planet Omega Four, sir. Object  ahead. Another vessel in planet orbit, Captain.  It's the USS Exeter, sir.  The sensors indicate no damage to the vessel, Captain.  Sir, this is Lieutenant Sulu in temporary command of the  Enterprise. [Storeroom] Our whole medical staff will volunteer  to beam down  Repeat your message. Come in, landing party. Repeat your  message.  I understand, sir. When he regains consciousness, assure him  that we have no problems here.  Captain, this is Sulu. We read you, but  surely you know that can't be done [Village] Without verification.  Captain, we have volunteers standing by to  beam down. What is your situation? [Village] (With Tracey's phaser almost up his nose.)  Sir, we picked up communicator signals, but  Aye, sir.  (Cloud William sinks to his knees.) 
Is it possible that they're not?  Whatever doesn't look right, whatever that is. When it comes to  farms, I wouldn't know what looked right or wrong if it were two feet  from me.  (You mean like that weird alien plant right next to you?)  What is it?  Come to think of it, we haven't seen any animals. No horses, no  pigs, not even a dog. Nothing. [Farmhouse] Captain, we've checked out everything. It all seems normal,  except for the absence of any animals.  We haven't seen them since we began our check.  Yes, sir.  Yes, I see now. Of course we can't remove the colony. It'd be  wrong.  Sorry, DeSalle.  I said I was sorry.  If you hadn't gotten in my way  (They fight with their spades.)  (Elsewhere around the settlement, fights are breaking out.) 
Foil. It's a rapier. A thin sword.  What do you mean, what do you do with it?  You practice.  Hi, Joey.  Your attitude is all wrong. Fencing tones the muscle, sharpens  the eye, improves the posture. You tell him, Joey.  Explain to him. Hey, Joey. You feeling all right?  What's with him?  You sure you're all right now, Joe? We've got to leave.  Take it easy, Joe.  Now calm down.  You're all steamed up, Joe.  What are you doing, Joe?  Joey, don't be a fool.  Magnetic field continuing to shift, sir. Planet continuing to  shrink in mass.  Helm answering nicely, Captain.  Relative gravity increase, sir. Like the planet reached out and  yanked at us.  Don't know if it's this planet or what happened with Joe. I'm  sweating like a bridegroom.  Hey, why don't you come down to the gym with me, Kevin m'lad?  Why not? Light workout will take the edge off.  (brandishing foil) Richelieu, beware! Stand.  No farther. No escape for you. You either leave this bois bloodied, or  with my blood on your swords. Cowards!  [Bridge] Richelieu, at last.  For honour, Queen, and France! (lunges)  Ah.  I'll protect you, fair maiden.  Foul Richelieu. (distracted by Uhura's escape, Kirk is able to  grab Sulu and Spock does a neck-pinch)  (waking up screaming) I was on the Bridge.  Hey Doc, what am I doing here?  Doc, will you let me out of here? I'm all right.  Course laid in, sir.  [Engineering] Captain, my velocity gauge is off the scale.  My chronometer's running backwards, sir.  Helm answering, sir. Power reversing.  Warp one, sir.  Course laid in, sir. 
Captain, there's some trouble on the hangar deck. The controls  are frozen.  Yes, sir.  Sir, now I have readings that deflectors are inoperative. The  controls are frozen.  That's just what happened. He was there, then all of a sudden he  wasn't there.  [Corridor] Yes.  Somebody's repairing every console on the  ship.  Aye, sir. 
Maintaining course and speed, sir.  But, sir, that'll lead us directly into the Romulan Neutral Zone.    Aye, sir.  Captain, leaving Neutral Zone. Now entering Romulan space.  (Scott enters the Bridge.)  Captain!  Aye, sir.  Holding at warp nine, sir.  Three one eight mark seven, sir. Executing.  (They cut underneath the Romulan ship.) 
Standard orbit, Captain.  You already gave that command, sir.  You'll live.  Maintaining standard orbit, Captain.  (Kirk enters.)  Aye, aye, sir.  You mean another twenty thousand, Captain?  Orbiting at twenty thousand, sir.  Maintaining, sir.  [Biochemistry lab] Two years, sir.  No, sir.  Yes, sir.  Yes, sir.  Yes, sir.  Yes, sir. Captain Kirk repeated his order.  Across the Neutral Zone?  Entering Romulan Neutral Zone, sir. All  sensors on maximum.  Romulans approaching from both sides. We're bracketed, sir.  Lieutenant Uhura is right, sir. We've tangled with them before.  [Sickbay] Sir, they've fired another. [Sickbay] (As the Enterprise continues to be battered, Kirk  is writhing and groaning.)  They know they have us. They know our shields will give out.  We're losing power, sir.  We're surrounded by Romulan vessels. Maximum of ten. Range fifty  to a hundred thousand kilometres.  Standing by, sir.  Yes, sir. And out of the Neutral Zone.  Two five seven degrees, mark three.  Steady as she goes, Captain. 
