Just as I am whom I appear to be.  Live long and prosper, Spock. May you also,  Captain Kirk.  Whatever I am, would it harm you to give response?  The image of Surak read in your face what is in your mind,  Spock.  The cause was more than sufficient. Let us speak no further of  it. In my time, we knew not of Earth men. I am pleased to see that we  have differences. May we together become greater than the sum of both  of us.  The captain speaks wisely. Those four are not our enemy. We  should arrive together at a peaceful settlement.  In my time on Vulcan, we also faced these same alternatives.  We'd suffered devastating wars which nearly destroyed our planet.  Another was about to begin. We were torn. But out of our suffering some  of us found the discipline to act. We sent emissaries to our opponents  to propose peace. The first were killed, but others followed.  Ultimately we achieved peace, which has lasted since then.  The face of war has never changed, Captain. Surely it is more  logical to heal than kill.  That is precisely why we should not fight.  I will not harm others, Captain.  The risk will be mine alone. If I fail, you lose nothing. After  all, I'm no warrior.  Oh, yes. But perhaps it's our belief in peace that is actually  being tested.  Thank you. May you live long and prosper.  I come in peace to propose peace.  No, I speak for myself because I abhor violence. But if you  accept the solution I offer, they, too, will accept it. [Bridge] No, Colonel. They are at their base awaiting an  answer. [Bad guy base] He talks peace if it is the only way to live.  Nothing but the knowledge that I have done what I believe in.  Your life and the lives of the others. You said yourself,  Colonel, that we have common cause to survive. Together we can. But not  by warring.  Colonel, surely you accept the logic of this. What is your  answer?  Men of peace usually are, Captain. On Vulcan, he is revered as  the father of our civilisation. The father image holds much meaning for  us.  Help me, Spock! Spock, help me!  Spock! Help me, Spock! Spock! Help me!  Help me, Spock!  Help me, Spock!  Help me, Spock! 
