Doctor McCoy, Mister Spock and Captain Kirk. You wanted to know  what we did to your men. Actually it's a simple matter for us to probe  the minds of creatures like yourself.  You like to think of yourselves as complex creatures, but  you're flawed. One gains admittance to your minds through many levels.  You have too many to keep track of yourselves. There are unguarded  entrances to any human mind.  Put that weapon down! Captain, it seems so foolish of you to  insist on demonstrations. (She holds up a model Enterprise on a chain)  In the mythology of your race this is called sympathetic magic.  Jackson, the crew member who returned to the ship. You wondered what  killed him. I made an image of him. In the essence of my thoughts the  image was Jackson. And when I killed the image and knew that it was  dead, he died.  Your communicator. (it appears on the table) Now, signal your  ship.  (She moves the model into a candle flame.)  You can relax now, Captain. Your ship is safe. [Bridge] Korob, you talk too much.  Enough of this! You will tell us what we want to know.  I would advise you to co-operate, Captain.  Forcible extraction of the information we wish from you is not  complicated, but it is extremely painful and it has a certain draining  effect.  Wait. The doctor will stay. Your turn will be next, Captain. It  makes little difference. Take them out of here. [Bridge] I forget nothing. I'm not a puppet, Korob, like you.  You are a fool. We have nothing like this and I like it. To  touch, to feel to understand the idea of luxury I like it. And I don't  intend to leave it.  What do they know of sensations? This is a new world.  And that, too, is a new sensation. I find it stimulating.  I live by my own decisions. You're a weak fool, Korob.  But you're afraid to use it. Don't threaten me. I can squash  you and that would be an interesting sensation, yes. I find I like  these new sensations. Don't try to push me.  (The door opens and the group enters.)  Captain. It's time for our talk. Korob, leave us alone and take  these men with you.  (Korob picks up the communicator and Enterprise from the table.)  But it may end soon, old man.  (He leaves, followed by McCoy, Scott and Sulu.)  There's no real damage to the mind, Captain, simply a drain of  knowledge and will.  Why should I?  But you're mistaken, Captain. I am a woman now. I come from a  world without sensation as you and I now know it. It excites me. I want  more.  Because you have knowledge which I lack. but were our abilities  put together. Tell me about power, Captain. How does it feel?  (As Korob watches from behind a screen, Kirk puts his hand on her  shoulder. He strokes her neck and face.)  He is a fool. I'll do without him. But you? Why do I find you  different? Why would it be so difficult to dispose of you?  No, not that, not for you. What I want is a joining. My mind to  yours willingly. Think of the secrets you could learn. Think of the  power that would be yours. Anything you can imagine, I can give you.  Then everything would be ours together. I've never conceived of  the idea of togetherness before. It excites me. You excite me. Why?  You find me beautiful? But I can be many women. (now she's  blonde teen jail-bait) You like what you see. (a platinum blonde in a  loose cat-suit) or do you prefer me as I was?  Nothing.  They're like, like feathers in the wind without the transmuter.    The source. You will learn. I will teach you later. Later.  It gives only form. You're teaching me substance.  My home is here with you. A billion worlds of sensation to pick  and choose.  (Another kiss, then he lets her go and she realises )  You are using me. You hold me in your arms and there is no fire  in your mind. You're trying to deceive me! It's here, (the crystal)  like words on a page. You are using me.  You will be swept away. You, your men, your ship, your worlds! [Bridge] You're very clever, Captain. More so than I'd imagined. Clever,  resourceful and handsome.  I've never played games. Give it to me.  No, not the source. It's merely an amplifier. The mind is the  source. Mine is simple, but yours has the key but you don't know how to  use it.  It is not too late, Captain James Kirk. Come with me. I'll  teach you. You'll teach me.  We need your dreams, your ambition. With them, I can build.  Give me the transmuter.  You fool. Don't you know what you're giving up? Everything that  your species finds desirable. Look at me. I am a woman. I am all women.    (holding a phaser) Korob was wrong. I didn't destroy all your  weapons. Give me the transmuter. Give it to me!  (Kirk smashes the wand against the table, and there is a blinding blue  light.) [Planet surface] (Kirk is standing on the rocks holding a phaser.  Spock approaches wearing his tricorder. McCoy, Scott and Sulu follow  him.) 
Billy! Oh, Billy! (kisses Chekov) Billy, baby, I knew they  couldn't keep you out of town.  Come on.  (She takes him to a table while the man in black walks slowly past the  group.)  Maybe you shouldn't have.  It's taking crazy chances with Morgan Earp right in the same  room.  (The man in black.)  I wish it was all over. I saw Virgil out patrolling this  morning.  They've been blowing off all over town about how they chased  the Clantons out. I guess you'll show them now, won't you?  (Morgan walks over to Sylvia, who is massaging Chekov's shoulders.)  Billy, you were wonderful. (she kisses him)  Yes, Ike?  All right. I understand. Billy Claiborne, you be careful.  (Sylvia leaves them.)  You shouldn't have come back to town, Billy. Morgan'll kill you  because he wants me.  You can joke about it. I've seen them in action. Especially  Morgan.  Billy? Please, don't even go near him.  Ahem.  Billy Claiborne, you know how crazy I am about you.  Well, aren't you going to ask me what I've got in my shopping  bag?  Of course, silly! What else would I be doing on a beautiful  afternoon with the dance only one week away? Or have you forgotten that  already?  You will be absolutely wild when you see me in the new gown I'm  going to make. I found this most scrumptious material,  yards and yards of it. You know what I was thinking, Billy? I was  thinking what a beautiful wedding gown it would make. Why don't we just  turn that dance into a wedding ball? It would be so heavenly.  But I'm positive the gown will be ready. What else is there to  stop a wedding?  Do you think I don't know? Billy Claiborne, you are a cattle  rustler and a horse thief and I don't care what else. 
