Spock, are our ceremonies for outworlders?  And thee are called?  Thee names these out worlders friends. How does thee pledge  their behaviour?  What they are about to see comes down from the time of the  beginning, without change. This is the Vulcan heart. This is the Vulcan  soul. This is our way. Kah-if-farr.  (Spock is about to strike the gong again, when T'Pring intervenes.)  She chooses the challenge.  He acts only if cowardice is seen. She will choose her champion.    Do not attempt to speak with him, Kirk. He is deep in the  plak-tow, the blood fever. He will not speak with thee again until he  has passed through what is to come. If thee wishes to depart, thee may  leave now.  Spock chose his friends well.  He will have to fight for her. It is her right. T'Pring, thee  has chosen the kal-if-fee, the challenge. Thee are prepared to become  the property of the victor?  Spock, does thee accept the challenge according to our laws and  customs?  (A single nod. T'Pring looks at the young man who followed her in.)  T'Pring, thee will choose thy champion.  Be silent.  Kroykah!  Kirk? T'Pring is within her rights, but our laws and customs are  not binding on thee. Thee are free to decline with no harm on thyself.  Thee speaks?  The choice has been made, Spock. It is up to him now.  It is said thy Vulcan blood is thin. Are thee Vulcan or are thee  human?  Thee has prided thyself on thy Vulcan heritage. It is decided.  Another champion will be selected. Do not interfere, Kirk. Keep  thy place.  It is done. Kirk, decide.  Here begins the act of combat for possession of the woman,  T'Pring. As it was at the time of the beginning, so it is now.  Bring forth the lirpa.  (They are presented with wicked-looking half moon blades set in a  wooden shaft, with a counterweight at the other end.)  If both survive the lirpa, combat will continue with the ahn  woon.  This combat is to the death.  I can forgive such a display only once. Challenge was given and  lawfully accepted. It has begun. Let no one interfere.  (And so the fight begins, first with a trial of brute strength, then a  good swing by Spock slices open Kirk's tunic and cuts his chest. It is  clear that the first officer will kill his captain, given the chance.  When Kirk is down and unarmed, Spock goes in for the final blow.)  Kroykah!  The air is the air. What can be done?  Thee may proceed.  The ahn woon.  (The bells sound, and both men are given long straps with weights and  tassels on the ends. Spock demonstrates it use by lassoing Kirk's legs  and knocking him down with it before holding it in the middle to use  first as a flail, and finally to strangle his opponent.)  Kroykah!  MCCOY; Get your hands off of him, Spock! He's finished. He's dead.  I grieve with thee.  Live long and prosper, Spock. 
