(a thin male) You have been identified as the star  ship Enterprise, Captain James T. Kirk last known to be in command.  I am Sub-commander Tal of the Romulan fleet. Your  ship is surrounded, Captain. You will surrender immediately, or we will  destroy you.  Who is that beside you?  Vulcan. (his communicator beeps and he answers it)  Yes, Commander. Yes, Commander. No one should decide quickly to die,  Captain. We give you one of your hours. If you do not surrender your  ship  at the end of that time, your destruction is certain. We will be open  to communication should you wish it.  The subspace message will take three weeks to  reach Starfleet. The decision is yours, Captain. One hour. [Briefing room] My commander wishes to speak with you, Captain Kirk.  The commander wishes to see you and your first  officer aboard this vessel. It is felt this matter requires discussion.    Two of my officers will beam aboard your vessel as  exchange hostages while you are here.  Granted, we do not easily trust each other, Captain,  but you are the ones who violated our territory. Should it not be we  who distrust your motives? However, we agree to simultaneous exchange.  Alien? Are you certain?  I must know the source!  Commander? Permission to enter.  It is urgent, Commander.  (She leaves Spock and goes to the door. Tal and guards enter.)  Commander, we have intercepted an alien transmission.  We have, Commander. This room.  (Spock comes out from behind the dividing curtain and shows his  communicator.)  Commander, the cloaking device is gone.  Alert all vessels. Weapons officer, bring main batteries to bear  on the Enterprise.  [Bridge] We have you under our weapons, Enterprise. You  cannot escape.  Commander?  Helmsman, flank speed. Weapons officer, stand  by to fire main batteries as soon as we reach optimum range. [Bridge] Weapons officer, commence fire. (sees  Enterprise disappear) Gone. They have the cloaking device! Quickly,  compute enemy course from last position and open fire! 
