Attention. Stand by for launch area clearance. It is now sixty  minutes to launch. T minus sixty and counting.  (And the big white US rocket stands gleaming on its launch gantry.) [Apartment - main room] (Kirk finds the plans to the rocket base lying on  the table.) [Apartment - office] Attention. It is now fifty minutes to  launch. T minus fifty and counting. All systems clear. All systems  clear. Standing by for inspection of  launch pad. [Outside Launch Control] (Seven is standing next to launch director  Cromwell's car.)  Standby for inspection of launch pad.  Attention. First alert. First alert. Begin  clearing gantry area. Clear launch pad. Safety group, clear launch pad.  All systems continue to green. Repeat. All systems still green.  Standing by for inspection of launch pad.  (Cromwell gets into his car outside launch control and drives away.  Remember, we last saw Seven by this car.)  [Transporter room] Attention. Stand by for launch area  clearance. Range safety verified. Launch director now en route to  rocket gantry to confirm launch pad clear. Ground stations three, four  and eleven, stand by for confirmation. Repeat. Standby for launch area  clearance.  (Cromwell and a couple of military men arrive in their cars at the base  of the rocket.)  Attention. It is now thirty five minutes to launch. T minus  thirty five minutes and counting.  (Cromwell's car boot opens, and Seven and Isis get out.)  Canary Islands confirming they are go for the launch. All  ground stations confirm go.  (The three officials return to their cars.)  Attention. Clear launch pad. Repeat. Clear launch pad and  gantry.  (The officials drive away. Seven and Isis are in the elevator heading  for the top of the rocket.) [Outside Launch Control] (Lipton, the guard that Seven put to sleep, wakes  up as Kirk and Spock beam in.)  Attention. Twenty minutes to launch. T minus twenty minutes and  counting. All systems continue green. Repeat. All systems still green. [Rocket Gantry] (Seven is lying along one of the girders supporting  the rocket, at a control panel access. Isis is meowing instructions.)  T minus fifteen minutes and counting.  To delay countdown.  Control to launch director, confirming. Status board indicates  all is well. Space flight conditions measure out as planned.  No countdown delay. Repeat, no delay. All systems are green and  go. All systems are go. [Rocket Gantry] T minus fourteen and counting.  T minus thirteen minutes and counting.  Status board looks good. Stages look good. All systems go. Status board  says go. [Transporter room] (Scott is continuing his visual search for Seven,  and finally spots him at the top of the rocket.)  T minus eight minutes and counting. All  systems go. Status board go. [Apartment - main room] (Roberta's fiddling with the safe door finally  makes it open.)  T minus twenty seconds. Mark. Stages  reporting ready for launch. Automatic sequences on. She's completely  automatic now. [Apartment - main room] Nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three,  two, one. Ignition. We have ignition.  (NASA footage of the powerful rocket lifting off and being tracked by  radio telescopes.)  Altitude one thousand feet. All good. All as planned.  Trajectory nominal. [Apartment - main room] Safety, standby to destruct. Continuing deviation from flight  path. Repeat, deviation confirmed and increasing. Telemetry control  transmitter systems tie in. All systems tie in. Report. [Apartment - main room] Warhead status confirmed. She's armed  herself somehow. Repeat. This bird is armed. The warhead's alive. All  boards report status. Stand by on destruct. Standby to transmit  destruct signal.  Transmit destruct signal. Transmit destruct signal.  (Kirk picks up a communicator, but Lipton hears the chirp as he opens  it.)  Destruct is fouled up somehow, flight  control. She's coming down fully armed. She'll go off on impact.  Boosting signal. Boosting signal. Flight control, we have  boosted destruct signal. Repeat. Destruct signal at maximum boost.  We're getting no response.  Tracking stations report no response on destruct signal.  Auxiliary transmitters check out flight control. She hasn't  destructed herself. Repeat. Destruct is not working. She's still up  there. Do you read? Descending and armed. Descending and armed. She'll  go off on impact. Bermuda ground station reports she's still up there.  South Africa ground station reports no response on boosted destruct  signal. 
