Put the axe away, Liyang.  I knew someone would come looking for us. I'm just sorry it had  to be you, Jim. I'm glad your arrival stopped this. No more of this,  Wu. Lock up the savages.  I said lock up the savages. The prisoners are called Yangs.  Impossible even to communicate with. Hordes of them out there. They'll  attack anything that moves.  Our medi-scanners revealed this planet as perfectly harmless.  The villagers, the Kohms here, were friendly enough once they got over  the shock of my white skin. As you've seen, we resemble the Yangs, the  savages. My landing party transported back to the ship. I stayed down  here to arrange for the planet survey with the village elders. The next  thing I knew, the ship was calling me. The landing party had taken an  unknown disease back. My crew, Jim. My entire crew. Gone.  And I'm just as infected as they were. As you are. But I stayed  alive because I stayed down here. There's some natural immunisation  that protects everyone on the planet surface. I don't know what it is.  You'd be dying by now, along with the rest of the Enterprise  crew. You'll stay alive only as long as you stay here. None of us will  ever leave this planet.  Captain's log, supplemental. The Enterprise has  left the Exeter and moved into close planet orbit. Although it appears  the infection may strand us here the rest of our lives, I face an even  more difficult problem. A growing belief that Captain Tracey has been  interfering with the evolution of life on this planet. It seems  impossible. A star captain's most solemn oath is that he will give his  life, even his entire crew, rather than violate the Prime Directive.  [Storeroom] (Some equipment has been beamed down to the surface  for medical tests.)  I'll be sending the next message, Jim.  (The injured Galloway tries to reach for his own phaser, and Tracey  vapourises him. Then the villagers take everyones equipment.)  Enterprise, come in.  Captain Tracey of the Exeter.  I'm afraid I have some bad news. Your captain and landing party  must have beamed down too late for full immunisation. [Bridge] There's no point in risking more lives, Lieutenant. Since I've  acquired some immunity perhaps the others  At their next word, kill him.  I'm sorry, Lieutenant. Your captain's feverish, quite  delirious.  I'll contact you later, let you know of any future needs.  Landing party out.  (Later, Kirk is still lying on the floor, with his hands tied behind  him. He still manages to trip up the pacing guard, but then Tracey  comes in.)  That's enough of that, Captain. Leave us.  (The guard leaves.)  I must now consider myself under arrest, unless in the presence  of the most senior fellow officers presently available, I give  satisfactory answer to those charges which you now bring. Et cetera, et  cetera. Those were the first words duty required you to say to me, and  you said them. You're covered. Now, suppose we go on to the next  subject.  Good. Direct, succinct. Answer. No native to this planet has  ever had any trace of any kind of disease. How long would a man live if  all disease were erased, Jim? Wu. (Wu enters) Tell Captain Kirk your  age.  Their year of the red bird comes once every eleven years, which  he's seen forty two times. Multiply it. Wu is four hundred and sixty  two years old. His father is well over a thousand. Interested, Jim?  He will if you order it. We must have a doctor researching  this. Are you grasping all it means? This immunising agent here, once  we've found it, is a fountain of youth. Virtual immortality, or as much  as any man will ever want.  (to Wu) Out. (Wu leaves) By those who own the serum. McCoy will  eventually isolate it. Meanwhile, you inform your ship your situation's  impossible. Order them away. When we're ready, we'll bargain for a  whole fleet of ships to pick us up. And they'll do it.  We've got to stay alive. Let the Yangs kill us and destroy what  we have to offer and we'll have committed a crime against all humanity.  I'd say that's slightly more important than the Prime Directive,  wouldn't you, Jim?  Guards. [Jailhouse] (The Yang man and woman are in one cell, Spock and  McCoy in another, when Tracey brings in Kirk at gunpoint.)  Take the doctor back to his workplace. The pointed-eared one  stays. And Wu, tell your men we'll be leaving soon. We'll be in ambush  for the Yangs. With many fire boxes this time. What do you think of  that, Jim?  (Kirk moves towards the Yangs, but the male tries to attack him through  the bars.)  Animals who happen to look like us. You still think the Prime  Directive's for this planet?  Well, if logic won't work, perhaps this will. Put him in there.    (The guards use spears to keep the Yangs from the door while they push  Kirk inside. Of course, there is a fight.)  (In the storeroom, McCoy notices that his guard has fallen asleep - the  snoring is a clue - and tries to reach for a possible weapon. But the  guard wakes up and stops him.)  (In the jail cell, the two Yangs are taking it in turns to keep Kirk  busy.)  No messages. Kirk, the savage in the cell with you. Did you set  him free? You sent him, Kirk. You sent him to warn the tribes! The  Yangs must've been warned. They sacrificed hundreds just to draw us out  in the open. And then they came, and they came. We drained four of our  phasers, and they still came. We killed thousands and they still came.  Impossible! You can't carry the disease up to the ship with  you.  You've isolated the serum?  Explain it to him, Doctor.  Outside. Or I'll burn down both your friends now.  Dead or in hiding. Now let's see how eager you are to die. Call  your ship. I need your help, Kirk. They're going to attack the village.  My phaser's almost drained. We need new, fresh ones. You're not just  going to stand there and let them kill you, are you? If I put a weapon  in your hand you'll fight, won't you?  I want five phasers. No, ten. With three extra power packs  each.  Say again.  You have a well-trained bridge crew, Captain. My compliments.  (Kirk disarms Tracey and they have another fight. Kirk runs through the  village. Tracey regains his phaser and uses up its power disintegrating  a large pot before he corners Kirk. Their final fight is stopped by  spear-carrying Yangs.)  [Meeting hall] (Cloud William sits on a chair in the place of  honour. There are Romanesque statues of women around the walls, and  papers scattered on a table in front of him. The prisoners have their  hands tied behind them and are seated along a wall with plenty of  guards.)  They can be handled, Jim. Together it'll be easy. I caution  you, gentlemen, don't fight me here. I'll win. Or at worst, I'll drag  you down with me.  He was cast out! Don't you recognise the Evil One? Who else  would trick you with your own sacred words? Let your God strike me dead  if I lie. But he won't, because I speak for him.  You tried to kill me.  Would a man know your holy words? Would a man use them to trick  you? See his servant? His face, his eyes, his ears? Do the Yang legends  describe this servant of the evil one?  (Cloud William kisses a large Holy Bible then opens it at Haggai - with  a picture of a devil who looks very like Spock.)  You command him. Everyone's seen that. You want more proof? He  has no heart.  He fears to speak them, for indeed his tongue would burn with  fire. Force him! Kill his servant unless he speaks, so you may see if  the words burn him.  (A knife is put to Spock's throat.) 
