I must say, they make a perfectly exquisite display pair, but  I suppose you want them back now.  (He waves his hand and the two men come back to life)  Welcome to an island of peace on my stormy little planet of  Gothos.  You must excuse my whimsical way of fetching you here, but  when I saw you passing by I simply could not resist.  Ah, so you're the Captain of these brave lads. My greetings  and felicitations, Captain. So good of you and your officers to drop  in.  Absolutely smashing.  I can't tell you how delighted I am to have visitors from the  very planet that I've made my hobby. Yes, but according to my  observations, I didn't think you capable of such voyages.  Ah, yes. I've been looking in on the doings on your lively  little Earth.  Oh, really? Have I made an error in time? How fallible of me.  Oh, I did so want to make you feel at home. I'm quite proud of the  detail.  Retired, sir. Just Squire Trelane now. And you may call me  Squire. Yes, I rather fancy that.  Imprisoned? Nonsense. You're my guests. You see, I just  finished my studies of your curious and fascinating society. You came  by at the most propitious moment. I want to know all about your  campaigns, your battles, your missions of conquest.  Ah, but that's the official story, eh?  I wouldn't hear of it. You shall join me in a repast. I want  to learn all about your feelings on war and killing and conquest. That  sort of thing. Do you know that you're one of the few predator species  that preys even on itself?  (Kirk returns to the main group, where DeSalle has his hand on his  phaser)  DeSalle, did you say? Un vrai Francais?  Ah, monsieur. Vive la gloire. Vive Napoleon. You know, I  admire your Napoleon very much.  Welcome, good physicianer and honourable sir. (bows low)  Und Offizier Jaeger, und der deutsche Soldat, nein? (gives a  little Prussian salute then marches around) Eins, zwei, drei, vier.  Gehen vir mit dem Schiessgewehr.  Oh come now. We're all military men under the skin. And how we  do love our uniforms.  (Trelane is admiring himself in his mirror when he spots DeSalle  raising his weapon, and with a wave of the hand, stops him)  What an interesting weapon you've got there. Do let me see it.    (He takes it out of DeSalle's hand, and he can move again)  : Yes. Now let me see. How does this work? Ah, yes. This won't  kill, and this will.  (He fires it at the Salt Monster, who is disintegrated)  Oh, how marvellous! (destroys another exhibit) Devastating!  Why, this could kill millions.  (Kirk takes it off him)  Oh, how absolutely typical of your species. You don't  understand something, so you become fearful. Now, do let me anticipate  your next question. You want to know how I've managed all of this.  We, meaning I and others, have, to state the matter briefly,  perfected a system by which matter can be transferred to energy and  back to matter again.  Oh, a crude example of an infinitely more sophisticated  process. You see, we not only transport matter from place to place, but  we can alter its shape at will.  Quite.  Dear Captain, your inquiries are becoming tiresome. I want you  to be happy. Free yourself of care. Let's enjoy ourselves in the spirit  of martial good fellowship.  Tut, tut, tut. You're being quite rude. You can't go.  Apparently, you need another demonstration of my authority. Yes, quite.    (Kirk vanishes from the room and is in the natural atmosphere of the  planet, choking on the fumes. Everyone in the room can hear him.  Trelane brings him back) Now, that's a sample of the atmosphere of this  planet outside my kindly influence. Now, you will behave yourself  hereafter, won't you? Or I shall be very, very angry.  Captain's Log Stardate 2125.7. Science Officer  Spock reporting for Captain Kirk. We have completed fourteenth orbit of  this planet without establishing contact with our missing officers or  the parties sent to find them. Subspace communications remain blocked.  However, by diverting impulse power to our sensors, we have made them  operable, and we have detected one small area on the surface  which seems relatively stable. [Bridge] Discussing deep laid plans, I'll wager. I cannot wait to see  them evolve.  Tut tut. Do not think that I deplore your martial virtue of  deception and stratagem. Quite the contrary. I have nothing but  admiration for your whole species.  Oh, I can't let you go now. I was getting a bit bored until  you came. You must stay. I insist.  Until this is over, of course.  Dear Captain, so many questions. Make the most of an uncertain  future. Enjoy yourself today. Tomorrow may never come at all.  Yes, I must experience your sense of concern, your grief at  the separation.  Women? Do you mean that you actually have members of the  fairer sex among your crew? Oh, how charming. And they must be all very  beautiful. And I shall be so very gallant to them. Here, let me fetch  them down at once.  No?  I can do anything I want. I should think you would have  realised that by now.  Transporter signal? What does he mean? You must tell me!  (as the group is beamed away) Wait! I won't have this! I  haven't dismissed you yet. Stop! I won't have this! [Transporter room] Where are all your weapons, Captain? Don't you display your  weapons?  Don't fret, Captain. I'm only a bit upset with you, but this  Mister Spock you mentioned, the one responsible for that unseemly,  impudent act of taking you from me, which is he?  Surely not an officer. He isn't quite human, is he?  And are its natives predatory?  Really? You will see to his punishment?  But I don't like him.  Oh, rot! You're all going back with me.  Nonsense. I have an absolutely enchanting sojourn on Gothos  planned for all of you, and you shan't spoil it for me. Anyway, the  decor of my drawing room is much more appropriate [Drawing Room] (A lot of the clutter in the middle of the room has  been replaced by a fully furnished dining table and six high-backed  chairs. Sulu and DeSalle are already seated)  And tasteful. Don't you agree?  But so much more fitting, honourable sir.  Oh, what primitive fury. Why, he's the very soul of sublime  savagery.  Yes, of course. I forget that I shouldn't frighten you too  much. But I warn you, you can't provoke me again. Come, everyone. Let's  forget your bad manners. Let's be full of merry talk and sallies of  wit. We have victuals to delight the palate and brave company to  delight the mind. Come, Doctor, do partake. Ah, you've been quite  derelict in your social duties, Captain. You haven't introduced me to  the charming contingent of your crew.  Retired. But if you prefer, you may address me as the lonely  Squire of Gothos, dear ladies.  Ah a Nubian prize. (he kisses her hand) Taken on one of your  raids of conquest, no doubt, Captain.  She has the melting eyes of the queen of Sheba. The same  lovely colouring. And this. Is this the face that launched a thousand  ships and burnt the topless towers of Ilium? Fair Helen, make me  immortal with a kiss.  You do realise, don't you, that it's in deference to the  Captain that I brought you here?  I don't know if I like your tone. It's most challenging.  That's what you're doing, challenging me?  Oh, Mister Spock, you do have one saving grace after all.  You're ill-mannered. The human half of you, no doubt. (to Ross) Ah,  come, my little wood nymph. Won't you dance with your swain? (to Uhura)  Give us some sprightly music, my dear girl.  Of course you do.  (And she does, as Trelane dances with Ross)  Ah, my dear, don't we make a graceful pair? Except for one  small detail. That dress hardly matches this charming scene.  (Suddenly she's wearing an empire line dress with feathers in her hair.  Idealised Jane Austen)  Ah, yes, that's more what we want. The dashing warrior and his  elegant lady.  I overheard that remark, Captain. I'm afraid I'll have to  dispense with you.  Oh?  Does it actually make you angry, Captain?  Well, I do believe the dear Captain is jealous of me.  Oh, how curiously human. How wonderfully barbaric.  Of course you have. After all, that's the root of the matter,  isn't it? You fight for the attention, the admiration, the possession  of women.  Are you challenging me to a duel?  Oh, this is better than I'd planned. I shall not shirk an  affair of honour.  (He gets a box from the mantle-shelf. It contains a pair of duelling  pistols)  A matched set. Just like the pair that slew your heroic  Alexander Hamilton. And Captain, I never miss.  Captain's Log, stardate 2126.1. Delayed report. The  whole bridge crew are the unwilling guests of the creature who calls  himself Trelane. We are weaponless, powerless, and our only hope of  escape with the Enterprise lies in playing his games. I've decided to  make my move with the field of honour game, and everything depends on  my one chance with the ancient duelling pistol.  [Drawing room] Oh, how fascinating. I'm party to an  actual human duel.  Quite ready, sir. We shall test each other's courage and then,  and then we shall see.  As you will, sir. Honour will be served, eh? Oh, wait! As the  one challenged, I claim the first shot.  It's my game and my rules, but if you need to be persuaded.  (aims at Spock)  And now, Captain, how do you have the expression? My fate is  in your hands.  (So Kirk shoots the mirror and everything goes hay-wire in the room)  You've ruined everything!  Oh, the remarkable treachery of the species.  You've earned my wrath. Go back. Go back to your ship, all of  you, and prepare. You're all dead men. You especially, Captain.  (He goes to his mirror, and vanishes)  The prisoner may approach the bench.  Any attempt at demonstrations will weigh against you with the  court, and this time my instrumentality is unbreakable.  (A silhouette of a noose appears on the wall behind Kirk)  Oh, the absurdity of these inferior beings. (reading from the  charge sheet) And now, Captain James Kirk, you stand accused of the  high crime of treason against a superior authority, conspiracy, and the  attempt to foment insurrection. How do you plead?  I warn you. Anything you might say has already been taken down  in evidence against you.  Irrelevant.  Uncalled for.  And did you really think that was the only medium of  instrumentality at my command?  Oh, then you do admit to the charge?  Immaterial!  (Kirk leaves the dock and goes nose to nose with Trelane)  Inadmissible!  Silence! This trial is over. You are guilty. On all counts,  you are guilty. And according to your own laws, this court has no  choice in fixing punishment. You will hang by the neck, Captain, until  you are dead, dead, dead!  Captain's Log, Stardate 2126.3. First Officer Spock  reporting. Still no word from Captain Kirk on the surface below us.  Waiting time is almost up. I will soon be forced to attempt departure  as per instructions.  [Courtroom] Until a moment ago, I didn't think it  possible, but it was. (takes off his robes and wig) I did it. I was  angry. I actually experienced genuine rage. This experiment has been  successful.  Why, Captain, you're still angry. Would that I could have  sustained that moment. Ah, no matter. Do you have a last request?  You still haven't learned. You have no choice. Oh, this is  becoming quite tiresome. It's all so very easy.  Take care, now.  The sport?  Oh, I'm intrigued. Go ahead, Captain. What do you suggest?  (waving a sword around) Yes! Yes!  Oh, then you approve?  I know. That will be dull. We'll have to have something more  fanciful. Let me see. A hunt. A royal hunt. Predator against predator.  Now, you may go hide in the forest anywhere you like and I shall seek.  How does that strike you, Captain?  The stakes?  Always back to your ship. Oh well. If it will add spice to the  pursuit, I accept your terms, Captain. [Planet surface] (Kirk is outside the building)  Ah-ha!  (Kirk dodges him and runs into the shrubs)  KIRK; Enterprise.  Ah ha! Captain Kirk. You must try harder, Captain. This is too  easy.  (They keep dodging amongst the shrubs)  Touche, Captain. Touche. I must confess you scored first. But  after all, I never played this game before.  (A sword appears in his hand)  And now let's have at it again!  (Kirk fences Trelane with a branch, but it breaks and he has to run  off, leaving Trelane laughing) [Outside the building] (The door will not open)  Ah-ha! Tallyho! (iron grids pen Kirk in) You made a noble  fight of it, Captain.  Yes, but this is such sport. I must fetch all the others back  to play. So this is victory. It has a sweet taste. Down, Captain. On  your knees!  I have. I could run you through!  On your knees, Captain!  I order you. You've been beaten.  I order you! I order you! (Kirk disarms him and snaps the  sword across his knee) You broke it! You broke my sword!  You dare to defy me!  I'll fix you for that! You cheated! You haven't played the  game right. I'll show you!  No! No. You said I could have this planet.  You always stop me when I'm having fun.  But I don't want to come in, and I won't. I'm a general, and I  won't listen to you.  But why? I didn't do anything wrong. I was just playing.  But I haven't finished studying my predators yet.  Oh, but I was winning. I was winning.  No, no. You saw.  Oh, but you said I could. You promised. I never have any fun.  Oh, but you saw. I was winning. I would have won. Honest.  I would have. I would have. I would have. I would. I would. I  would. I would. 
