All operating, sir.  It could be these meteorites.  It's coming at the speed of light, collision course. The  meteorite beam has not deflected it, Captain.  I have a fix. It comes from the Talos star group.  It would take that long for a radio beam to travel from there to  here.  System open.  Course computed and on the screen.  On course, sir.  (Colt enters. Pike turns around and bumps into her)  We've settled into orbit, sir.  Captain? Reflections, sir, from the planet's surface. As I read  it, they polarise out as rounded metal bits. Could be parts of a  spaceship hull.  Yes, sir.  And you won't believe how fast you can get back. Well the time  barrier's been broken. Our new ships can  (He's struck dumb by the sight of a lovely young woman)  Captain!  (Everyone rushes over in time to see the door closing in the rock. They  fire their phasers at it but it just blasts away the rock covering to  show the metal underneath.)  Then why aren't we doing anything? That entry may have stood up  against hand lasers, but we can transmit the ship's power against it.  Enough to blast half a continent.  It's Captain Pike they've got. He needs help, and he probably  Mister Spock, the ship's controls have gone dead.  (The lights go out)  There's nothing. Every system aboard is fading out.  [Pike's cell] (The group are apparently dozing when the  Magistrate opens the hatch to get the laser pistols Pike dropped there.  He grabs him and pulls him into the cage, and starts to throttle him)  The computers!  (The monitor shows a montage of images - space capsules, the Moon, maps  of Earth)  I can't shut it off. It's running through our library. Tapes,  micro-records, everything. It doesn't make sense.  All power has come on, Mister Spock. The helm is answering  to control.  (The transporter platforms light up and first Colt, then Number One are  beamed aboard)  Eve, sir? Yes, sir. 
It's coming at the speed of light. Collision course.  [Bridge] The meteorite beam has not deflected it,  Captain.  I have a fix. It comes from the Talos star group.  It would take that long for a radio beam to travel from there to  here.  System open.  Course computed and on the screen.  We've settled into orbit, sir.  Captain? Reflections, sir, from the planet's surface. As I read  it, they polarise out as rounded metal bits. Could be parts of a  spaceship hull.  Yes, sir.  And you won't believe how fast you can get back. Well the time  barrier's been broken. Our new ships can  Captain! (everyone rushes over in time to see the door closing  in the rock. They fire their phasers at it to no avail. [Hearing room]
