Beginning signals to surface, sir.  I've tried all frequencies, sir. No return signal.  I've run all frequencies a second time. There's no  Frequency open, Mister Spock. 
Message, Captain. Switching to speaker.  Security alert, condition three. All sections go to alert  condition three. We may have an intruder aboard.  [Corridor] Captain, section C deck fourteen, reporting  trouble. Someone in Engineering uniform.  Repeat, approach with extreme caution.  Bridge out.  Transporter crewman found unconscious, Captain. Cargo case open  and empty.  Hailing frequency's open, sir.  Oh, Captain, there was a message from  Tantalus colony, sir. 
Captain? A Miss Karidian has been transported aboard ship. She  requests permission to see you.  What can I do for you, Riley? [Engineering] Well, you're not, and I'll prove it to you.  (sings) The skies are green and glowing [Engineering] I'll be back, though it takes forever  Forever is just a day  Forever is just another journey {Engineering] Where my heart is [Engineering] (Riley reaches for his tray)  How'd you like that, Riley? [Engineering] (But Riley is sweating and choking)  All channels clear, sir. 
Nothing clear, Captain. Just a few words about being pulled off  course.  Captain, there's one planet in this solar system capable of  sustaining human life. It's type M, oxygen, nitrogen, and it's listed  as Taurus Two. It's unexplored. As far as we can determine with our  equipment malfunction, it's just about dead-centre of the Murasaki  effect.  Nothing, Captain.  All wavelengths dominated by ionisation effects, sir.  Transmission is blocked, reception impossible.  Captain, the Columbus has returned from  searching quadrant seven seven nine X by five three four M. Results  negative.  They're working on them, sir. Still inoperable.  They're still reported unsafe.  At last report they were getting some readings  Yes, sir.  Sir, sensor section reporting. Static interference still  creating false images. Estimates eighty percent undependable.  Clearing slowly. Still incapable of transmission or reception.  Captain Kirk, landing party number two has  been beamed back aboard ship. They have casualties. One dead, two  injured.  Yes, sir.  I'm in partial contact with them now, sir.  Captain, the sensor section says the beams  are working again.  No, sir. Too much interference.  Twenty three minutes, sir.  The Columbus is aboard, sir. The flight  hatch is closed. Transporter room reports  last of the landing parties have beamed safely up. All systems report  secured for warp factors.  Yes, sir. {Shuttlecraft] (From our viewpoint inside, we see the three men  standing by two mounds of soil when giant spears start landing near  them)  Transporters locked in, sir.  Captain, transporter room just beamed up five persons. Alive and  well. 
He should have been there ten minutes ago,  sir. [Stone's Office] Meteorology reports ion storm upcoming, Captain.  Call from the pod, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  Variants fading.  All secure, sir. 
Starbase Operation, Mister Hansen.  Enterprise to Starbase. Request confirmation.  [Starbase Computer Centre] Come in, Starbase. Come in, Captain Kirk.  [Starbase Computer Centre] (Spock inserts data chip)  Someone's trying to hail us, sir. 
Doctor McCoy calling from the planet, Captain.  Aye, aye, sir.  [Glade] Bridge.  This is the bridge, Captain. Our power systems have just  come back in. Do you require assistance?  Aye, aye, sir.  Sir? 
Strong interference on subspace, Captain. The planet must be a  natural radio source.  All of them, Mister Spock. No response.  Mister Spock. Look.  (Words are appearing on the monitor above her head, in gothic script.  Spock reads them out loud)  Doctor, what was it? What was down there?  I don't know how to play this.  Shall I make a full report to Spacefleet Command, sir?  Still no sign of pursuit. Instruments clear, sir.  Colony Beta Six clears us for normal approach, sir. 
Captain, sensors report we're being scanned.  No, sir. It's from that solar system ahead.  No, sir, Just scanning beams. It's on an unusual wave length.  There's no hostility, sir. They're not tractors or weapons of  any sort, Just increasing in intensity. Steady. Regular. It's growing  stronger, sir.  No, sir. They report they definitely emanate from that solar  system ahead.  Nothing, sir. [Planet surface] (Standing on rocks, silhouetted against a clear  blue sky, Kirk makes an entry on his recorder for posterity.)  Aye, aye, sir.  Captain! Are you all right? 
Standard General Alert signal from Starfleet Command, Captain.  Nothing yet, sir.  Red Two message in one minute, Captain. Starfleet Command. Code  Factor one, sir.  Code Factor one.  Message ready, Captain. Main screen, coming up.  Aye aye, sir.  Doctor McCoy asking to see you in sickbay, Captain. [Sickbay] Screen on, sir.  (Kirk and Lazarus enter.)  Captain, Security reports Lazarus missing.  Captain's log, stardate 3088.7. We are no closer to  finding an answer to the strange phenomenon than we were at the  beginning.  Not only have two of my crewmen been attacked, two of our dilithium  crystals are missing, and without them the Enterprise cannot operate at  full power. They must be found.  [Briefing room] (This Lazarus has his head injury back again.)  Fire, Captain. Engineering. Situation  critical. 
Yes, sir.  Captain, normal Starfleet channel has nothing but static. I'm  getting something on another frequency, but it's not Starfleet.  Captain, I'm getting ground to air transmission.  Captain.  Frequency open, sir. 
Captain, Mister Lindstrom from the surface. 
Nothing, Captain. Hailing frequencies are open.  (Ambassador Fox enters the Bridge from the turbolift.)  Captain, message coming in from Eminiar Seven. Sir, it's code  seven-ten.  Positive. It repeats over and over.  Mister Scott, message coming in from the Captain.  A channel is open, Mister Ambassador. You  will be speaking to Anan Seven, head of the High Council of the Eminian  Union.  Mister Scott, it's Mister Spock.  Message from Eminiar Seven, Captain. Ambassador Fox reports  negotiations underway with Vendikar. Outlook hopeful. 
I'm picking up a signal, sir. (a series of beeps comes over the  speakers) Captain, that's the old Morse code call signal.  CQ. CQ.  All decks acknowledging, sir.  Go ahead, boarding party. We read you.  Security alert, Captain. Communication channels are down,  Captain.  (Kirk heads to the lift, but the doors do not open)  All channels are totally jammed, Captain.  Record tapes engaged and ready, Captain. 
Captain.  I've been transmitting a contact signal every five minutes. All  I get is dead air. Shall I continue?  Aye, aye, sir.  Oh, I'm sorry, Captain. I can't do that.  Oh, I know it is, Captain, but you see, all communications are  out.  I short-circuited them, except ship to surface. We'll need that  for a while. It's really for the best, Captain.  (She leaves the Bridge. Kirk finds a plant and throws it angrily across  the helm console before storming out himself.)  [Corridor] (There's a long queue of crewmembers lounging  against the wall outside the transporter room.) 
Automatic all-points relay from Starfleet Command, Captain, code  one.  Captain. Unit XY-75847 report a fleet of  Klingon ships in their sector, sir.  Unable to ascertain, sir. 
Recording, sir.  Landing party to Enterprise. No sign of Doctor McCoy. Search  progressing.  (And he pops up from behind a rock after she and her security guard  have passed by.)  Captain, I've lost contact with the ship. I was talking to them.  Suddenly, it went dead. No static, just nothing.  Captain, I'm frightened.  Captain, it seems impossible. Even if you were able to find the  right date  Happiness at least, sir.  (First World War images.)  Captain, the Enterprise is up there. They're asking if we want  to beam up. 
No, sir. I've tried every major transmitting station on Deneva.  None of them have acknowledged my contact signal.  But sir, that's a call sign for a private transmitter.  Yes, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  Making contact, Captain.  Captain, I'm having difficulty on that transmitter call to  Deneva.  Yes, sir.  Captain. I've made contact with your private transmitter, sir.  Contact broken, sir.  Sorry, sir.  I'm afraid that's impossible at the moment, Captain. They  stopped broadcasting immediately. They do not acknowledge my contact  signal.  Yes, sir.  Captain, receiving messages from a ground station.  The things are dying, sir. It's working. 
I'm getting no signal from it, sir.  Hailing frequencies still open, sir. I get no message from it.  Hailing frequencies open, sir.  Switching, sir.  Hailing frequencies open, sir.  Hailing frequencies open, sir.  Hailing frequencies open, sir.  Hailing frequencies open, sir.  Hailing frequencies, sir.  A signal, Captain. It's very weak. It's Balok. It's a distress  signal to the Fesarius. His engines are out. His life-sustaining system  isn't operating. The message is repeating, sir.  Negative, sir. The signal is growing weak. Sir, I doubt if the  mother ship could have heard it. 
Still no response, sir.  Contact established, Captain.  I'm sorry. I can't clear it, Captain.  Yes, sir. [Transporter room] Captain, we are only registering on you. (static) Captain?  Captain Kirk? [Planet surface] Mister DeSalle, that's exactly what happened to Mister Scott and  his party. They, they just disappeared.  Aye, aye, sir.  Captain, are you all right? Where are you? Are the others all  right, sir? [Drawing room] Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Come in, please. Enterprise to  Captain Kirk. Acknowledge. We've lost him again, Mister DeSalle. [Drawing room] I don't see any change. 
Mister Scott. Computer central reports that  we're coming up on the co-ordinates of the last established position of  the shuttlecraft.  If the shuttlecraft powered away, Mister Scott, but if it were  just towed?  What do you think it means, Mister Scott?  Well, I'd feel a lot better if it were a little more definite.  If there are no further traces, how are we going to follow them?    It's a big galaxy, Mister Scott.  Mister Scott, there are thousands of them out there they could  be on, if they're on any of them at all.  Mister Scott, it's the Captain. 
Call from the bridge, Captain.  Mister Scott, I'm getting a call from a vessel. It's so faint I  can't make it out.  I've lost it. It sounded like a distress signal from an Earth  vessel. [Settlement] (There is a big fight going on, and Kirk joins in  when a Capellan comes to their tent. Maab and Akaar's factions are  fighting each other. Kras takes the opportunity to search the landing  party's tent.) [Tent] I have the signal clear now, Mister Scott.  It is a distress call. It's from the SS Dierdre.  Reporting they're under attack. They're running, trying to  manoeuvre. It's a Klingon vessel attacking.  Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Come in, Captain. Enterprise to  Captain Kirk. Come in, Captain. [Teer's tent] (Eleen is brought in. One of Maab's guards trips  her with his sword, and she burns her hand the brazier. Kirk moves to  help, but)  Enterprise to Mister Spock. Doctor McCoy,  come in please.  Scotty, the captain.  Negative, sir.  There's nothing, Mister Scott. All channels and frequencies are  clear.  Or it could be an authentic distress call.  Mister Scott, another distress call from the USS Carolina.  The Carolina is registered in this sector.  Aye, aye, sir.  This is the USS Enterprise calling unidentified Klingon vessel.  Come in. USS Enterprise calling Klingon vessel. Acknowledge, please.  Aye, aye, sir. 
Standing by, sir.  All cartographic standards full automatic.  It's almost as if it means to grab us.  Aye, aye, sir.  Damage report coming in, Captain. Situation under control. Minor  damage, stations three, seven, and nineteen.  Activity on hailing channel three, sir.  KIRK; Put it on audio, Lieutenant.  Calculated. Channel open, sir.  Mister Spock, I can't contact the landing party. All frequencies  are jammed.  Aye, sir.  I'm working, sir, but I can't do anything with this.  I might be able to rig up a subspace bypass circuit.  I'm connecting the bypass circuit now, sir. It should take  another half hour.  Mister Spock, I haven't done anything like this in years. If it  isn't done just right, I could blow the entire communications system.  It's very delicate work, sir.  Yes, sir. Right away.  I think we can try it now, sir. Enterprise  to Captain Kirk. Enterprise to Captain Kirk. Come in, Captain. [Temple]
Captain, something's coming in on the  Starfleet channel. Priority and urgent, sir.  Message complete, sir. Switching over.  Aye, aye, sir.  Starfleet Command. Yes, sir.  Captain. We're standing by on Vulcan hailing  frequencies, sir.  She's lovely, Mister Spock. Who is she?  Captain Kirk. Message from Starfleet  Command, top priority. [Sickbay] Response to T'Pau's request for diversion of  Enterprise to planet Vulcan [Sickbay]
Nothing since their original distress call, sir.  There's nothing, sir. I'm scanning all frequencies.  First attack, sir?  Aye, sir.  I'm trying, sir.  Aye, sir. All hailing frequencies open.  Captain, we're getting a signal from the spacecraft.  Yes, sir. It's impossible to get it any clearer, sir.  Analysis sector, channel one, main computer. Decode.  It's mathematical. Yes, one symbol. The symbol repeat. Sir, that  isn't in the Starfleet code. It's an old-style interplanetary code.  It's another signal now, sir.  Aye, Captain.  (Suddenly one of Spock's console monitor's burns out.)  Captain, the message is coming in now.  Doctor McCoy to the transporter room. Maintenance crew C5. [Transporter room] Mister Scott's engineers are working on them now. UHURA: Report  to him when your indicators are registering properly. [Auxiliary control] Where my heart is, Where a scented miracle  Tomorrow the path along the way, There's where my love  What?  I don't know what it. (realises) Oh, my singing. I was singing.  I don't know. I like to sing. I felt like music.  See the dog. See the dog,  R, r, run!  The dog has a, The dog, (something)  (Swahili, then) The dog has a ball.  All right, Christine.  The ball is bl-u-ee. Bl-u-ey. Bluey? [Brig]
How did we get in these  Captain, what's happened?  Maybe what, Captain?  Yes.  Another Captain Kirk, another Doctor McCoy, another  Yes, sir.  Yes, sir.  Captain, I'm  Yes, sir.  (She leaves.)  You are away from your post, Mister.  No storm damage, sir. All stations report normal. (quietly)  You're ordered to annihilate the Halkans unless they comply. No  alternative.  Yes, sir.  Captain, I have the leader on the Halkan Council waiting on  channel B.  You aren't very persistent, Mister Sulu. The  game has rules. You're ignoring them. I protest and you come back. You  didn't come back.  I was getting bored. Of course this isn't the time.  (The board beeps.)  I'm afraid I changed my mind. Again.  (drawing her dagger) So do you, Mister. So do you. Take over for  me.  (She goes into the turbolift, and guards block Sulu's way.)  [Turbolift] Mister Scott, all clear. On my way to  Sickbay. [Jefferies tube]
I've tried all frequencies, sir. He refuses to answer. Unless  he's not receiving us.  I'm getting a distress signal call from them, sir.  Yes, sir. [Mudd's quarters] Losing communications with the miners, sir. Magnetic storm seems  worse.  No, sir. He and the girl are still missing. 
But, Captain, the Romulans have broken Code two. If you remember  the last bulletin  Yes, sir. Code three.  Aye, sir.  They are.  Those of Captain Kirk.  He did.  Oh, yes, but he changed it to Code three.  Yes.  I think we just made contact, sir.  Engineering wants instructions, sir.  I'm trying, Commodore.  The Romulans are notorious for not listening to explanations.  Sir, I've tried all known hailing  frequencies. They simply ignore us.  But, Captain, Code  Yes, Captain. Code two. 
Aye, sir.  I should say so.  How long does a body like that last?  Five hundred thousand years?  And it is a very pleasant place, Captain.  Oh, nothing really important. Just immortality.  No, they're lying. It's a trick. Doctor McCoy injected something  into Harry Mudd to make him look sick. It's a trick  to get back on board and sabotage the ship.  Because I want an android body. I want immortality. I'll live  forever, Captain. I'll be young and beautiful.  Thank you.  I half believed it myself.  SCOTT; Well, the androids were expecting an attempt, and now we've made  it.  Thank you, kind sir. (her slap knocks him off his feet.) 
Aye, sir. The channel's open, sir.  Aye, sir. Transporter room, stand by.  [Lurry's office] (Kirk and Spock arrive in the two man transporter  alcove)  (coldly) How often do I get shore leave?  What is it? Is it alive? May I hold it?  (Jones puts it in her hand and it starts purring)  Oh, it's adorable. What is it?  A tribble?  Oh, it's purring. Listen, it's purring.  Are you selling them?  If you're not going to take him, I'm going to take him. I think  he's cute.  All right, what are you selling them for?  Oh, I couldn't. Could I?  Captain, I have Mister Lurry.  Aye, sir.  Security, cancel Red Alert.  Captain's log, stardate 4524.2. A Klingon warship  is hovering only a hundred kilometres from Deep Space Station K7 while  its captain waits in the station manager's office. Their intentions are  unknown.  [Lurry's office] (False smiles all round as Kirk and Spock are  greeted by a Klingon who very closely resembles the Squire of  Gothos...)  Since yesterday, Doctor. This morning, I found out that he, I  mean she, had had babies.  Oh, Captain. Well, I hadn't intended to, sir, but the tribble  had other plans.  Yes, sir.  Well, all right, Doctor, but if you're going to dissect it, I  don't want to know about it.  Sure, why not? I think they're old enough. (to all) Go ahead. [Corridor] I don't know, sir. They do seem to be all over the ship.  (McCoy enters, stroking a tribble.)  But they do give us something, Mister Spock. They give us love.  Well, Cyrano Jones says a tribble is the only love that money can buy.  Yes, Captain.  Aye, aye.  Aye.  Aye, aye, Captain.  [Lurry's office]
Captain, both amplitude and frequency modulation being used. I  think I can pick up something visual. It's a news broadcast using a  system I think they once called video.  Aye.  (A black and white image of people watching as police in crash helmets  arrest someone. There is a car in the foreground. Very 1950s or 60s.)  Transmission lost, sir. Shall I try to get it back?  I'm afraid you have it all wrong, Mister Spock, all of you. I've  been monitoring some of their old-style radio waves, the empire  spokesman trying to ridicule their religion. But he couldn't. Don't you  understand? It's not the sun up in the sky. It's the Son of God. 
I've tried all frequencies and hooked in the universal  translator. No response, sir.  KIRK; Maintain translator broadcast. Check records for authorised  ships.  Captain, Starfleet acknowledges report on our situation and  confirms no authorised Federation vessel in this quadrant.  Captain? I picked up the last part of a transmission. Just like  that other one. I put the recorder and the directional locator on it  immediately.  Sir, the directional locator indicates reception point somewhere  within the body of this ship.  Yes, sir.  None, sir.  (The turbolift doors close on Spock and McCoy.)  Captain, I'm picking up the alien signal again, but it's coming  from inside the Enterprise.  From the brig, sir.  Captain, the intercoms are jammed. All the ambassadors are  asking what's going on.  Aye, sir.  Damage reports coming in, Captain. Every deck.  Aye, sir. 
Make that definite, sir. They're sending a routine message to  their home base with no mention of us.  Yellow Alert. All stations go to Yellow Alert.  Message to Starbase, sir?  On Earth, about twelve, sir.  We've seen different development at rates on different planets.  Or old-style hand lasers?  Aye, sir.  [Countryside] (Kirk finds Nona near a stream which is running  over a rock. She has been bathing. 
Yes, sir. [Transporter room] This is the craziest landing pad I've ever seen.  Captain. Look.  (People are approaching them. One big guy in a fur, with teeth that  hold his mouth open, another male with a knife, a female in pink  carrying a lance-like weapon, and another in silver with green hair.)  I don't think so, Captain.  They'll try, but where do they look? We're here, and we don't  know where it is.  No!  I don't care whether it's allowed or not. I will not do it.  He's gone to report me. I said I didn't like the food. 
Oh, Captain. Subspace message from  Starfleet. They're inquiring  Aye, sir.  Captain, I have a report on Ensign Rizzo. He's dead, sir.  Captain, the Yorktown requesting information on how soon we  expect to rendezvous with them.  There. It's coming, sir.  Frequency open and clear, sir. 
Captain. There was a message from Starbase Six. Heavy  interference. All I get is Intrepid and what sounded like a sector  co-ordinate.  Aye, sir.  Enterprise calling Starbase Six. Enterprise calling Starbase  Six. Come in. Come in.  (Spock suddenly jerks upright, his face a picture of horror.)  Captain, I have Starbase Six readable now. Switching to audio,  sir.  I cannot filter out the distortion, sir. It's getting worse.  Exactly what are we looking for, Mister Spock?  The telemetry probe, sir. There's no signal from it.  I'm just dizzy. I'll be all right. I'm fine, sir.  Yes, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  (Kirk pauses, exhausted on his way back to his chair.)  Transmission to Starfleet complete, sir.  It's not coming from communications, sir.  Aye, aye, sir.  Contact lost, sir.  (The ship shakes.)  Captain, I'm getting telemetry.  Captain, I'm receiving a message from Mister Spock on a  low-energy channel. It's faint, but it is readable.  On audio, sir.  Damage control parties report minimal damage, sir. Repairs are  being initiated.  Go ahead, sir. 
Captain, I have received vocal contact from an official station.  They relayed us to a man named Oxmyx. His title is Boss.  Mister Spock, what are you doing on this  frequency? [Radio station] Mister Spock, Mister Oxmyx is making contact from the surface. 
Bridge to all decks. Section duty  officers, check communication lines.  Captain Kirk, I have a tie-in with Sulu now. 
Red Alert. All personnel, man your battle stations. Go to Red  Alert.  (A woman in a mustard coloured outfit takes over Life Support.)  Life support, come in.  (Then a man in brown immobilises the bridge crew.)  All decks report. Damage and casualties.  I'll have a full report on ship's status for you in a moment,  sir. 
It's not a signal, sir. It does not seem to even exist, and yet  it's affecting all my channels.  No, sir.  Over three weeks at this distance, sir.  Yes, sir. 
Aye, aye, sir.  Captain, no response on any Starfleet channel.  Nothing, sir.  Captain, no response from John Gill on any channel.  Doctor McCoy is having difficulty with that  uniform, sir. [Cloakroom]
Captain, the station is calling us.  Priority message coming in, sir.  M-5 has acknowledged for us, sir.  Aye, sir. Captain, M-5 has  Captain, message now coming in from Commodore Wesley.  Captain, there's no response to any of our  signals, but M-5 has given us an autorelay.  Sir, sensors are picking up four Federation  starships. M-5 is altering course to intercept. [Corridor] Enterprise to USS Lexington. Come in, Lexington. Sir, I can't  raise them. M-5 is blocking all frequencies, including automatic  distress. Just a minute, sir. Captain, I'm getting audio signal from  the Lexington.  Captain, M-5 is acknowledging.  Captain, visual contact with Lexington.  I'm sorry. I can't override M-5 interference.  Captain, I'm getting the Lexington again. Tapping in on their  message to Starfleet Command, sir.  Captain, Lexington is receiving a message from Starfleet. They  Aye, sir.  Captain. 
Aye, sir. All decks report ready, sir.  Aye, sir.  Receiving no response to our signal, sir.  We'll beam it down shortly, Doctor. [Storeroom] Yes, sir. Captain Kirk informed us earlier you had survived.  Captain, are you all right now? [Village]
They're beginning to worry on Earth, Mister Scott. [Transporter room] Aye, aye. [Launch Control]
No, Captain. It was Swahili.  Tied in, sir.  Nothing, sir. Clear on all frequencies.  Still no response, sir.  No damage, sir. All decks report fully operational. 
What's the matter with them, Mister Spock?  I gave up my quarters because I  Captain Kirk. May I speak with you, sir?  A message just came from Starfleet Command. It was class-A  security and scrambled. I put it through the decoder.  The Federation High Commissioner is on his way to Troyius to  attend the royal wedding.  Aye, sir.  (Meanwhile, Kryton is sneaking around in Engineering, and messing with  the dilithium crystals.)  Captain, no response from the Klingon vessel on any channel.  Bridge to Captain Kirk. Mister Spock, I'm getting  Bridge to Captain Kirk. Come in, please. Captain Kirk, please  answer.  Oh, Captain, I'm picking up a transmission from inside the  Enterprise. It's on a tight beam aimed at the Klingon vessel. {Elaan's quarters] Captain, message from the Klingon ship.  They're ordering us to stand by for boarding or be destroyed.  Frequency open, sir.  Captain. Message coming in.  Channel open, sir.  Hailing frequency open, sir. 
Order?  There's been no order I know of, Mister Scott.  Battle stations. All hands, battle stations.  Aye, sir.  Captain Kirk, I'm receiving a class two signal from the Romulan  vessel.  Aye, sir.  The Romulan vessel is signalling again, sir.  [Briefing room] Channel is open, Mister Scott, and you are tied in.  Doctor, you must beam aboard the Romulan  flagship immediately. There's been an injury. [McCoy's quarters] Doctor, it's Captain Kirk! [Romulan Brig] (McCoy is scanning Kirk, who is twitching  slightly.)  They said you'd been killed, sir.  Aye, sir.  [Romulan Commander's quarters] Captain Kirk. Mister Scott is on the intercom for you, sir.  Transporter room reports Mister Spock  aboard, sir, and the Romulan commander.  Aye, sir.  Aye, sir. I have Sub-commander Tal, sir. 
Mister Spock, sometimes I think if I hear that word frequency  once more, I'll cry.  I was just trying to start a conversation.  No, you have an answer. I'm an illogical woman who's beginning  to feel too much a part of that communications console. Why don't you  tell me I'm an attractive young lady, or ask me if I've ever been in  love? Tell me how your planet Vulcan looks on a lazy evening when the  moon is full.  I'm not surprised, Mister Spock.  I don't believe it.  You explain. That means that somebody is dead and you just sit  there. It could be Captain Kirk. He's the closest thing you have to a  friend.  Message, Captain. Starship base on Caran 4 requesting  explanation of our delay here, sir. Space Commander Dominguez says we  have supplies he urgently needs.  Tell Jose he'll get his chili peppers when we get there. Tell him  they're prime Mexican reds. I handpicked them myself, but he won't die  if he goes a few more days without them. Got it?  Got it, Captain.  I see. So naturally, when I'm lonely I think of you.  Una kafeeri Hur. You're Swahili?  Lieutenant Uhura. On my way, sir. [McCoy's  quarters]   Yes, Captain. [McCoy's  quarters]   (Uhura's crewman has found McCoy's quarters, and transforms into Nancy)    He's not in supply and maintenance.  Check.  He must have been it. You know, I would have remembered a  crewman like him.  Negative, Captain. I've checked every face on this vessel. It  was not a crewman I saw. 
Everything is quiet, sir.  (seeing reality) Mister Sulu, the screen. We're out of orbit.  (Tommy influences her too. The planet is back.)  Aye, aye, sir.  (For some strange reason there is a mirror in front of her, and Tommy  changes what she can see in it.)  I see my death. A long death. Disease and pain. I see my death.  Oh, God. Captain, don't let it be. 
Hailing on all frequencies, sir. All languages have been  attempted. No response. Now using standard interstellar symbols.  Aye, sir.  Security guard to the Bridge.  (A woman materialises and smiles at them.)  Aye, sir.  Deck five. Personnel, no damage.  [Sickbay] (Spock is lying on a biobed, with a bandage around  his head and life-support equipment over his torso.)  Aye, sir.  No signal at all, Captain.  Captain, I'm picking up high energy generation on planet six.  It could be natural. Volcanic activity, steam, any number of  causes. But it's very regular.  What would they want with his brain? What would they want with  Mister Spock's brain? What use is it?  Why do they want it?  Yes, sir. It doesn't make sense, but it's there.  Aye, aye, sir. 
Channel open, sir.  They don't answer, Captain.  (Spock goes to the Engineering station.)  Captain, I have engineering now. 
I've been trying to raise them, sir. There is no response.  Mister Spock? We will be able to retrieve the Captain at that  time, won't we?  I see.  Aye, sir.  Doctor, he seemed more angry than frightened.  Aye, sir. Red Alert. All decks, go to Red Alert.  Mister Spock? I'm receiving a visual signal.  Aye, sir.  (A strange, garish orange figure with triangular eyes (possibly)  appears against a blue and pink tie-die background.)  Mister Spock, damage control report. Minor structural damage to  sections A4 and C13.  Mister Spock!  (Another bolt of energy is heading towards them.)  [Engineering] There's no response on any frequency, sir.  They're refusing reception. I can't  What is that?  (The two Tholian ships have joined stern to stern, and are now moving  apart, drawing a thread of some sort out between them. Then they come  back across the viewscreen creating two more lines.)  Captain! Captain Kirk, we thought you were  (But the image fades away. She dashes out.) [Corridor] Spock! Mister. Oh, Doctor I've just seen the  Captain.  He's alive. He's alive, Doctor.  Believe me, I did see him. I did. Spock! Mister Spock!  Doctor. Doctor, I'm not going mad. I did see Captain Kirk. I've  got to get to Mister Spock.  (She faints in his arms.) [Engineering] (An engineer succumbs to space-madness and attacks  Scott. Two others haul him off.)  Mister Spock didn't believe me either, did he, Doctor?  Then I didn't really see him, did I?  Will I become like Chekov, Doctor?  Am I all right, Doctor?  Then what I saw  Captain Kirk's alive?  Thank you, sir.  I see him.  Where are we now, Mister Spock?  Have we lost the Captain? 
No, sir. All bands clear. 
Still no contact with Starfleet Command, sir. Outside  communications blanketed.  No contact with Starfleet as yet, sir.  (losing her temper) Captain! This doesn't make sense. Carriers  are normal. Channels are open. There's still no outside contact! I  don't understand it, sir. Could the Klingons be doing something?  (Then the ship shudders as if from an explosion, and changes course.)  Captain, reports coming in from the lower decks. Emergency  bulkheads have closed. Almost four hundred crewmen are trapped down  there, sir. [Crew Lounge] Captain, why would, why would Chekov believe he has a brother?  Sickbay calling, Doctor. There are more wounded men requiring  your attention. 
We were forced in the transporter and beamed down. It was like  becoming someone's puppet.  (in Kirk's arms) I'm so frightened, Captain. I'm so very  frightened.  I know it, but I wish I could stop trembling.  I'm thinking. I'm thinking of all the times on the Enterprise  when I was scared to death and I would see you so busy at your  commands. And I would hear your voice from all the parts of the ship  and my fears would fade. And now they are making me tremble. But I'm  not afraid. I am not afraid.  (As the camera closes in, Uhura's head is turned to obscure our view -  and the lips don't quite touch.) 
Yes, sir. I am still receiving visual contact. I can see them,  but I can't see you.  (The viewscreen has five people standing in an area with the same  architecture behind them.)  Co-ordinates correspond, Captain. [Scalos] Malfunction, sir.  Captain. It corrected itself.  The tape is ready, sir.  That would explain our continuing to receive it while our  sensors only picked up the landing party, sir.  Captain. Captain Kirk! He's gone!  Well, he was sitting there. He'd just drunk his coffee and set  his cup down. You see it's still  there. And then he vanished.  Aye, sir.  Aye, sir.  Yes, sir.  I'm sorry, sir. I touched the tape button accidentally. I'll  take it off.  No, sir. 
Aye, aye, sir.  Mister Spock! Are you all right?  What happened?  No, Mister Spock. I meant what happened to us?  Damage control report. Ship functioning normally. Many bumps and  bruises. One casualty, Mister Spock. The transporter officer, he's  dead.  SPOCK; Dead? Spock to Sickbay.  Security sweeps of all decks are negative,  Mister Spock. No evidence of intruder.  Aye, sir. All decks, cancel Red Alert. Maintain increased  security.  How did she get off the ship, sir?  Yes, sir. Mister Spock what are the chances of the captain and  the others being alive?  Yes, Mister Spock.  Oh yes, sir.  Magnetic force indicator jumping, Mister Spock.  Magnetic force has dropped to normal, sir.  Magnetic forces steady.  (We hear the engines slowing down.) 
Communications status, Captain.  Yes, sir.  Yes, sir.  Yes, sir.  Sir, level two, corridor three reports a disturbance. Mister  Sulu chasing crewmen with a sword.  Sulu.  Sulu, give me that.  Sorry, neither.  Yes, sir.  Mister Spock, a fight in the aft wardroom. Security reports  incidents among the crewmen are increasing.  All decks, alert system B two. Repeat, go to alert condition  Baker two. Seal off all main sections. Stand by.  I can't, sir. He's cut off the alert channels.  [Engineering] I can't, sir. There's no way to do it.  Emergency signal, Captain. Both decks four and five. Fights and  disorders.  I have no intercom for Sickbay. He keeps switching channels on  me.  Sir, if I could cut him off, don't you think I  Yes, sir. I'll keep trying.  Mister Spock is not on the Bridge, Captain.  [Bridge] Yes, sir. Three and a half minutes left, Captain. 
Aye, aye, sir.  Aye, Captain. No response, sir.  Aye, sir. Hailing on all frequencies.  Aye, sir.  Captain, I've tried all hailing frequencies. Negative, sir.  Aye, sir.  Aye, sir.  Starfleet Command extends greetings to  Commissioner Bele of the planet Cheron. His urgent request to be  transported to his planet with the man he claims prisoner has been  taken under consideration. [Captain's mess] Ready, Mister Scott.  Ariannus says go ahead.  It just seemed to go dead, sir.  Shall I alert security, sir?  Captain, someone has activated the transporter mechanism.  Captain, the transporter mechanism has been activated again.  It doesn't make any sense.  Do you suppose that's all they ever had, sir? 
Aye, sir. There's no response, Mister Scott.  Aye, aye, sir.  No, Mister Scott. Still no response from the planet.  Mister Scott, it's the captain.  (at Spock's station) Life continues to exist on the planet. 
Yes, Mister Spock.  Yes, Mister Spock. They have provided us  with the co-ordinates for beam down. [Transporter room] Gideon is contacting us, Mister Spock.  Aye, sir.  (Five men sitting behind a slightly curved table. The central one  speaks.)  Yes, Mister Spock.  At once, sir.  There has been no response as yet, sir.  Yes, sir. They insist that the matter must be referred to the  Federation.  Bureau of Planetary Treaties.  I did, Mister Spock. They insist that we must go through  Starfleet channels.  The ambassador will speak, sir. They're  requesting visual communication. [Council chamber] Yes, he's infuriating, sir. How can you stand it?  Yes, Mister Spock. Enterprise to Starfleet Command. Enterprise  to Starfleet Command.  [Empty Bridge] Eight seven five, zero two zero, zero seven nine. 
Condition yellow, sir.  Yes, sir. All stations are operative, sir.  Captain. During the disturbance, Memory Alpha was hailing. I  wanted to respond, but I couldn't make my hand move.  Sir, I'm unable to establish contact with the planetoid. I'm  hailing on all frequencies. No response.  I'm sorry, sir. I can't break through this interference.  Aye, aye, sir.  All channels open. Translator tied in. 
Captain, the High Advisor of Ardana is ready to receive you on  Stratos, sir.  Aye, sir.  Aye, sir. [Mine entrance] (An area with jagged purple rocks under an orange  sky. Kirk and Spock arrive on an artificial platform and gaze up at a  city literally in the clouds.) 
There is no report on Mister Flint. He doesn't seem to have any  past. [Living room]
I've repeatedly tried on every hailing frequency, sir. There's  no response on any channel.  Aye, aye, sir.  Excuse me, Captain Kirk.  Mister Scott  But why should I object to that term, sir? You see, in our  century we've learned not to fear words.  Has been waiting in the briefing room for you, sir, for over two  hours.  All decks report status. All decks report status.  No damage report, Mister Scott.  Mister Scott, I have the captain. [Planet surface] Mister Scott, I have the captain.  Red Alert, Captain. Mister Scott is standing by.  I don't know yet, sir.  Captain Kirk, the planet has resumed its normal appearance. 
Excuse me, Captain. Status report.  I'm sorry. I did it again, didn't I.  (Spock smirks and Uhura begins playing again.)  (singing) Oh, on the starship Enterprise  There's someone who's in Satan's guise Whose devil ears and devil eyes  Could rip your heart from you. At first, his look could  hypnotise And then his touch would barbarise His alien love could  victimise And rip your heart from you. And that's why female  astronauts, Oh, very female astronauts Wait terrified and overwrought  To find what he will do. Oh, girls in space, be wary, be wary, be wary,  Girls in space, be wary. We know not what he'll do.  (singing) Now from a planet out in space, there comes a lad, not  commonplace. A-seeking out his first embrace. He's saving it for you.  Oh, Charlie's our new darling, our darling, our darling. Charlie's our  new darling. We know not what he'll do.  (Uhura suddenly loses her voice and the lyre makes no sound.)  Can you boost your power, Antares. We're  barely reading your transmission.  They're not transmitting.  Yes, sir.  I think it's all right, sir. Sir, there's no reason for that  panel to cross-circuit like that. I checked it over myself not fifteen  minutes ago.  Captain Kirk, my instruments show we're  receiving a message on subspace frequency three, ship-to-ship. I can't  hear it, sir.  Sir, something off our starboard bow. The message says they're  from Thasus.  (Rand reappears)  Charlie's back on board the Thasian ship, sir. They signal  they're leaving. 
No identification, sir.  All decks standing by, sir. [Corridor] Yes, Captain, then Outpost three an hour later.  Yes, sir.  Sir, regaining contact with Outpost four. Switching to speakers.    Tied in, sir.  (The viewscreen shows a man in a wrecked room, surrounded by fires)  Trying to, sir. They don't acknowledge.  (The alien ship fires a big red plasma ball, and the viewscreen  switches to Hansen as the outpost is hit, then just bright light. Back  to the attacking ship, which then vanishes.)  Continuing to challenge, sir. Still no response.  Yes, sir.  Picking up communication. It's from their ship.  Sounds like code, sir.  Cryptography is working on it, sir.  Transmission has been cut off. (to Spock) I made a tape of it,  sir.  Yes, Captain.  (still at the navigation station) Hailing frequencies open, sir.    (The viewscreen shows a wrecked room and just the Commander still on  his feet) 
