(enters with a lot of men) It's your relief, Sam. All  quiet?  Stay on your toes, Schmitter. Keep your phaser in your hand  at all times.  I'm sorry, Schmitter. I know how you feel, but we've got to  have guards.  Keep alert. If you hear anything or see anything, call in.  Somebody can arrive in three minutes.  It's coming.  You'll be all right.  (The group leaves, and nervous Schmitter paces. Then we hear a scraping  sound. He turns, looks and screams. Vanderberg and the others run  back.)  Come on.  (It's mere moments, but they're already too late.)  Schmitter. Like the rest of them. Burned to a crisp.  Captain's log, stardate 3196.1. A distress call  from the pergium production station on Janus Six has brought the  Enterprise to that long-established colony. Mister Spock, Doctor McCoy,  and I have beamed down to meet with Chief Engineer Vanderberg,  administrative head of Janus Six.  [Vanderberg's office] About three months ago, we opened up a new level. Sensors  gave us an unusually rich pergium reading. Not only pergium, whatever  you want. Uranium, sirium, platinum. The whole planet's like that. It's  a treasure house.  First, the automatic machinery, piece by piece, started to  almost disintegrate. Metal began dissolving away. There was no reason  for it, and our chemists were unable to analyse the corrosive agent.  Yes, it has. I don't know what this butchering monster is,  but I know what it's doing. Our maintenance engineers sent down to the  drifts to repair the corroded machinery. We found them seared to a  crisp.  He's right. None. At first the deaths were down deep, but  they've been moving up toward our levels. The last man died two days  ago three levels below this.  We kept it for you. There isn't much left. Roberts will  show you. (McCoy and the guard leave) It isn't pretty.  Of course. Five of them have died.  This is Ed Appel, chief processing engineer.  Ed shot it.  You'll get it.  It's a silicon nodule. There are a millions of them are  down there. No commercial value.  A few trace elements. Look, we didn't call you here so you  could collect rocks.  You'll have it. Just find that creature, whatever it is.  I've got a quota to meet. Come on, Appel.  (They leave, and McCoy comes back.)  (reentering) They were made last year.  That's right.  When that creature appears, men die.  (And as if to prove his point, the guard outside the power plant is  killed. There's just a vaguely  man-shaped stain on the ground and wisps of smoke lead us to a neat  circular hole in the door he was guarding.)  Something's happening in the reactor room! [Tunnel outside the reactor room] Back to your stations. Look at that.  (He goes through the hole cut in the door.)  Kirk, quickly! [Reactor room] (They step through carefully.)  The main circulating pump for the entire reactor is gone.  No, none. It's outdated, but we never had any trouble with  it.  Without the pump mechanism, the reactor will go  supercritical. It could poison half the planet.  We can't shut it down. It provides heat and air and life support for  the whole colony.  What happens when it breaks down?  Hopefully. Small chance.  I'm concerned with my people right here, Kirk. They're  being murdered. You find that monster and kill it. [Vanderberg's office] Except the bloody thing.  The twenty-third. Why?  Commander Giotto, take your detail. Go directly to the twenty-third  level. Start your search there.  I don't know any safe place, Captain, the way that thing  comes and goes.  Not all of them, Captain. I and some of  my key personnel are staying. [Main tunnel] We'll be down to join you.  Then we'll use clubs. We're not being  chased away from here. We're staying. [Main tunnel] Come on. [Cavern] That thing has killed fifty of my men.  What?  We didn't know. How could we? You mean if these eggs hatch,  there'll be thousands of those things crawling around down here?  Sounds all right, if it will work.  Just wanted to tell you the eggs have  started to hatch, Captain. [Bridge] First thing the little devils do  is start to tunnel. [Vanderberg's office] We've already hit huge new pergium  deposits. I'm afraid to tell you how much gold and platinum and rare  earths we've uncovered. [Bridge] You know, the Horta aren't so bad once you're used to  their appearance. [Vanderberg's office] Well. that's about it, Kirk. Thanks for  everything. [Bridge]
