(a woman in blue) Interference breeds attack, Captain. Come on!  Move on, Captain!.  (There is a fight, two against four. Then three figures beam down onto  the platform.)  You sleep lightly, Captain.  Release me.  Call the guards if you’re afraid, Captain.  I do not!  What questions?  I will answer.  (But as soon as he lets go, she grabs for the weapon again and he has  to fight her again.)  (Meanwhile, in the next room, the ears that heard Droxine don't hear  the fighting)  I did not come here to kill you, Captain.  To take you hostage.  Spock and Droxine enter)  Droxine.  To welcome our honoured guests as I was taught to do when I  served in your father's household.  It is not impression, Captain. It is the truth.  Starships do not transport cargo.  Lies will not keep the Troglytes in the caverns, and neither  will your starship.  I speak for my people. They have as much right to the clouds as  the Stratos dwellers.  Live in the sunlight and warmth, as everyone should.  There are no Disrupters!  Gas from zenite?  It's hard to believe something which is neither seen nor felt  can do so much harm.  Would all the Troglytes wear these masks?  Suppose Plasus does not agree?  That is true, but the city council will not listen to Troglytes.    Centuries ago, Stratos was built by leaders that gave their word  that all inhabitants would live there. The Troglytes are still waiting.    Hours can be centuries, just as words can be lies.  Very well, Captain. I will trust you. The consignment lies deep  in the mines in a place known only to Troglytes.  I cannot direct you. I must take you there. You asked for my trust,  Captain. Are you unwilling to give yours?  (They hear footsteps)  It's the sentinel with my refreshment.  (The sentinel enters, puts down the tray and picks up the mask. Kirk  stuns him with his phaser.)  Wait. We'll need a transport pass to leave the city. [Mine] (Vanna leads Kirk though tunnels, then uses a tool  to hit the rock three times. Other Troglytes appear.)  Midro.  Anka.  And I've brought with me a hostage. Seize him!  Did you really think I would trust you, Captain? I'm not such a  fool.  You thought you would trick me with your talk of your filter and  your unseen gas. I don't believe you any more than Plasus does.  Our weapons are our freedom. And you’ve just furnished me with  two very valuable ones. Yourself and this. (phaser)  Without your communicator, you will be hard to locate.  Perhaps. In the meantime, a taste of our existence, Captain. Dig  as the Troglytes do. As the Troglytes do.  With your bare hands, Captain.  Captain's log, supplemental, stardate 5819.3. First  Officer Spock reporting. Captain Kirk beamed down to Stratos to attempt  to win the confidence of the rebel Troglytes. Unless he has made his  escape from Stratos to the mines, his life is in danger from the High  Advisor. The captain has not informed us of his progress. For our part,  we must maintain silence. We can be of no help to him without  jeopardising his life.  [Mine] You dig well, Captain. The unseen gas  doesn't seem to be harming you.  Nevertheless, you won't be needing this. Anka, deposit this on  the transport platform so Plasus will know we have something more  valuable to bargain with than our mortaes and thongs.  Searchers will be coming soon, Midro. Go to the other mines and  tell the Troglytes to post watchers.  I will see that he doesn't escape.  A dead hostage is of no value, Midro.  I brought him here and I will say what is to be done.  Can you do nothing but argue? The searchers will be here soon.  Midro is a child.  Return to the digging, Captain.  Until we have help in the mines and our homes are in the clouds.    We're sealed in!  But soon the atmosphere will go. We'll die.  You would seal Plasus here also? For what  purpose?  I grow faint. The oxygen is going.  The gas! Captain, you were right. It's taking effect! Captain,  you were right!  Enterprise! Enterprise, help! Enterprise! [Transporter room] They'll kill each other. Help us. [Mine] Help us! Enterprise! [Transporter room] Enterprise!  (Spock activates the transporter. Kirk and Plasus have their hands  around each others throats when they materialise. Spock hauls Kirk away  from Plasus)  The captain will have his zenite, just as I agreed.  The captain will have his zenite.  Because it is the only way we can obtain what is due us.  It served your purpose at the time.  Yes. Our demands have just begun. Here is the zenite, Captain,  just as I promised.  (Sentinels pile the containers on the balcony)  Captain, perhaps both incidents are best forgotten. 
