You appear to be healthy and intelligent, Captain. A prime  specimen.  I think it's time to show the Captain our secret.  You're tired, but don't worry. You'll feel much better soon.  Don't you see it? Here and here.  You will. You're a perfect choice.  (Vina vanishes, and so do all the survivors and their encampment. A  door opens in the rock face, Pike is knocked out and taken inside. At  the settlement -)  Come on, we must hide ourselves. Come, come.  Hurry. It's deserted. There'll be weapons and perhaps food.  Please, we must hide ourselves.  Come on.  The killer!  Quick. If you attack while it's not looking.  You have to kill him as you did here before.  It doesn't matter what you call this, you'll feel it. That's what  matters. You'll feel every moment of whatever happens to you. Please,  don't you know what he'll do to us?  (so Pike fights the killer with mace and shield)  Because that's the way you imagined me.  Careful.  (Pike and Vina retreat up some stairs. The killer breaks Pike's spear  and they throw objects at it. Pike gets knocked down into the  courtyard. The killer grabs Vina and Pike throws a spear into it's  back. Then it jumps down and spears itself on a wicked harpoon that  Pike grabs just in time)  [Pike's cell] It's over.  (Vina hugs her hero, then sees the Talosians watching them. The  Talosians leave.)  To please you.  As real as you wish.  Perhaps they made me out of dreams you've forgotten.  I have to wear something, don't I? I can wear whatever you wish,  be anything you wish.  Don't you have a dream, something you've always wanted very badly?  You can have whatever dream you want. I can become anything, any  woman you've ever imagined. You can have anything you want in the whole  universe. Let me please you.  You're a fool.  Perhaps if you asked me some questions, I  could answer.  If I tell you, then will you pick some dream you've had and let  me live it with you?  They can't actually make you do anything you don't want to do.  And, they can punish you when you're not co-operative. You'll  find out about that.  War, thousands of centuries ago.  But they found it's a trap. Like a narcotic. Because when dreams  become more important than reality, you give up travel, building,  creating. You even forget how to repair the machines left behind by  your ancestors. You just sit, living and reliving other lives left  behind in the thought record.  You're better than a theatre to them. They create the illusion  for you, they watch you react, feel your emotions. They have a whole  collection of specimens, descendants of life brought back long ago from  all over this part of the galaxy.  Please.  You said that if I answered questions  I'm a woman as real and as human as you are. We're like Adam and  Eve. If we. Don't. Please don't punish me! (disappears)  (Pike sees the Magistrate walk away)  (Pike continues to search the walls for a door when a hatch opens and a  glass is placed on the floor)  You want some coffee, dear? I left the thermos hooked to my  saddle.  Hey, your coffee. Is it good to be home?  Have you forgotten my headaches, darling? I get them when you  talk strangely like this.  My, it turned out to be a lovely day, didn't it?  I hope you're hungry. These little white sandwiches are your  mother's recipe  for chicken tuna.  This is a lovely place to rest.  Is that supposed to be news to your wife? You're home. You can  even stay if you want. Wouldn't it be nice showing your children where  you once played?  Foolish.  They say in the olden days all this was a desert. Blowing sand  and cactus.  No.  PIKE; I can't help either one of us if you won't give me a chance. Now,  you told me once they used illusions as a narcotic. They couldn't  repair the machines left by their ancestors. Is that why they want us,  to build a colony of slaves?  Stop it. Don't you care what they'll do to us?  Yes. They can't read through primitive emotions. But you can't  keep it up for long enough. I've tried. They keep at you and at you  year after year, tricking and punishing, and they won. They own me. I  know you must hate me for that.  But that's not enough. Don't you see? They read my thoughts, my  feelings, my dreams of what would be a perfect man. That's why they  picked you. I can't help but love you and they expect you to feel the  same way.  No! Let me finish!  It's not fair. You don't need them.  How long can you block your thoughts? A few minutes, an hour? How  can that help?  He doesn't need you. He's already picked me.  Now, there's a fine choice for intelligent offspring.  You're no better choice. They'd have more luck crossing him with  a computer.  It's not fair. I did what you asked.  Don't hurt them. They don't mean to be evil.  He's not bluffing, Captain. With illusion  they can make your crew work the wrong controls or push any button it  takes to destroy your ship.  What is that?  If, if you all think it's this important, then I can't go either.  I suppose if they have one human being, they might try again.  (More Talosians arrive)  He means that they can't use you. You're free to go back to the  ship.  I can't. I can't go with you.  [Transporter room] You see why I can't go with you.  They found me in the wreckage, dying. A lump of flesh. They  rebuilt me. Everything works. But they had never seen a human. They had  no guide for putting me back together. 
You appear to be healthy and intelligent, Captain. A prime  specimen.  I think it's time to show the Captain our secret.  You're tired, but don't worry. You'll feel much better soon.  Don't you see it? Here and here.  You will. You're a perfect choice.  (she vanishes, and so do all the survivors and their encampment. A door  opens in the rock face, Pike is knocked out and taken inside. At the  settlement -) 
