(slow) Starbase Operations. (fast)  Starbase Operations. (Spock adjusts it to sound normal) Starbase  Operations. Starbase Operations, Enterprise. Standby to receive new  orders, Enterprise.  [Bridge] Starbase Operations to Enterprise. Standby to receive new  orders. They're to be fed directly into the ship's computers. This is  top secret and scrambled.  Doctor McCoy, report to Transporter Control. Doctor McCoy  to Transporter Control.  You're needed aboard the Enterprise, Doctor. Medical  emergency.  That's all we have on it, Doctor. Just needed aboard.  Starship Enterprise, Commodore. It's warping out of orbit.  Refuses to acknowledge our signal.  [Bridge]
Commanding. We are under heavy attack by Klingon vessels.  Two convoy ships are already damaged. We must have help. Enterprise,  acknowledge. Please acknowledge. Repeat  Commanding. We are under heavy attack by Klingon vessels.  Two convoy ships are already damaged. We must have help.  Enterprise, acknowledge. Please acknowledge. 
Redjac! Redjac! Redjac! Redjac! Redjac! (maniacal laughter)    (The lights come back.)  Redjac! Redjac! Redjac! Redjac!  Captain, you're wasting your time.  You and all aboard your ship are about to die!  Soon all control will be restored to me! There is nothing  you can do to prevent it!  I am without ending. I have existed from the dawn of time,  and I shall I live beyond its end!  In the meantime, I shall feed, and this time I do not need a knife. You  will all die horribly in searing pain!  I can cut off your oxygen and suffocate you!  No, no, no, no! No, no! 
Today police rounded up still another group of dissidents.  Authorities are as yet unable to explain these fresh outbreaks of  treasonable disobedience by well-treated, well-protected, intelligent  slaves. Now turning to the world of sports and bringing you the taped  results of the arena games last night. (a sword fight) The first heat  involved amateurs. They're petty thieves from City Prison.  Conducted, however, with traditional weapons, it provided some  amusement for a few moments. In the second heat, a slightly more  professional display in the spirit of our splendid past, when gladiator  Claudius Marcus killed the last of the barbarians, William B. Harrison,  in an excellent example of  (The picture of an old Roman fight with net and short sword is lost.)  Begin!  (Achilles takes on Spock. They are well matched. McCoy is against  Flavius, and doesn't know what to do with a short sword.) 
Clear hangar deck. Clear hangar deck. Depressurising.  Recovering shuttlecraft. Hangar deck pressurising.  (The guard line up, holding phasers with arms crossed.) 
Ho! Take cover here!  (Kirk and Spock dash off to investigate, and see three dark-haired  locals laying an ambush, armed with  long-barreled guns.) 
That was the Jailbreakers with their latest recording on  Request Time, brought to you by Bang-Bang, the makers of the sweetest  little automatic in the world 
Oi! O1! 
