Are you surprised?  Mister Spock.  You've had a singular honour conferred on you, Jim. You're  going to be the fox in the hunt.  War games. I'll be commanding the attack force against you.  Have you heard of the M-5 multitronic unit?  How do you know so much about it, Commander?  You've been chosen to test the M-5, Jim. There'll be a series  of routine research and contact problems for the M-5 to solve, plus  navigational manoeuvres and the war games problem. If the M-5 works  under actual conditions as well as it has under simulated tests, it  will mean a revolution in space technology as great as warp drive. When  your crew has been removed, the ship's engineering section will be  modified to contain the computer.  They're not needed.  None. Doctor Daystrom will see to the installation himself and  he'll supervise the tests. When he's ready, you'll receive your orders  and proceed on the mission with a crew of twenty.  The M-5 can.  You've got a great job, Jim. All you have to do is sit back and  let the machine do the work.  Captain's Log, stardate 4729.4. The M-5 computer  has been installed on board ship, and we have left the space station  for test  manoeuvres.  [Turbolift] Enterprise from Commodore Wesley aboard the USS Lexington.  (Daystrom enters the Bridge) This is an unscheduled M-5 drill. Repeat,  this is an M-5 drill. Enterprise, acknowledge on this frequency.  USS Enterprise from starships Lexington and  Excalibur. Both ships report simulated hits in sufficient quantity and  location to justify awarding the surprise engagement to Enterprise.  Our compliments to the M-5 unit, and regards to  Captain Dunsel. Wesley out.  Enterprise from USS Lexington. This is an M-5 drill.  Repeat. This is an M-5 drill. Acknowledge.  Full phasers. What the devil is Kirk doing?  Damage report, Lieutenant. Helm, course one six four, mark three. [Bridge] Enterprise. Jim. Have you gone mad? What are  you trying to prove? Break off the attack! Jim, we have fifty three  dead here, twelve on the Excalibur. If you can hear us, stop the  attack!  Jim, why don't you answer? Jim! Answer! Come  in, Jim!  Jim, break off your attack!  All ships damaged in unprovoked attack.  Excalibur Captain Harris and first officer dead. Many casualties. We  have damage, but are still able to manoeuvre. The Enterprise refuses to  answer and is continuing attack. I still have an effective battle force  and believe the only way to stop the Enterprise is to destroy her.  Request permission to proceed. Wesley, commanding attack force, out.  Acknowledged. Lexington out.  Phasers on target. [Bridge] The Enterprise looks dead. I'm going to  take a chance he's not just laying a trap. Wesley to attack force. [Bridge] Break off attack. Do not fire. The Enterprise has dropped  her shields. I repeat, hold attack. Do not fire.  [Sickbay]
