What are you called?  Even your name is strange. Forgive me. I've never seen anyone  who looks like you. Why are you here? Are you prisoners too?  This is one of the places Zor Kahn sends people when he wants  them to disappear. Didn't you come in through the time portal?  The atavachron is far away, but I think you come from  someplace farther than that.  Oh, how wonderful! I've always loved books about such  possibilities. But they are only stories. This isn't real. I must be  imagining all this. I'm going mad!  Oh, I've been here for so long, alone. When I saw you out  there, I couldn't believe it. Is he dying?  [17C Jail] My name is Zarabeth.  Spock, who is this Jim?  (She removes the fur coat to reveal she is wearing little more than a  leather bikini with boots)  I saw only the two of you. I did not know there was another.  But your friend. He is ill.  You make it sound like an equation.  Why? My crime was in choosing my kinsmen unwisely. Two of  them were involved in a conspiracy to kill Zor Kahn.  It was not enough that he execute my kinsmen. Zor Kahn  determined to destroy our entire family. He used the atavachron to send  us places no one could ever find us.  I can't go through the portal again. If I do, I will die.  None of us can go back. When we come through the portal, we  are changed by the atavachron. That is its function. Our basic cell  structure is adjusted to the time we enter. You can't go back. If you  go through the portal again, you will die by the time you reach the  other side.  You are safe here, McCoy.  Not recently.  I hadn't noticed it.  It’s something to look forward to. I think you must be well  enough, Doctor, to try the few delicacies this climate has to offer.  At your rate of progress, it will be soon, I can see.  I cannot pretend to be sorry that you are  here, though I realise it is a misfortune for you. I'm here against my  will too, just as you are.  It's not that I wish to return. This is my time now. I've had  to face that. But it has been lonely here. Do you know what it's like  to be alone? Really alone?  I believe you do. Have something to eat, please.  There's not much else to eat around here, I'm afraid.  There's an underground hot spring.  There aren't many luxuries around here. Zor Kahn only left me  what was necessary to survive.  Yes. He gave me weapons, a shelter, food. Everything I needed  to live except companionship. He did not want it said that he had me  killed. But to send me here alone, if that is not death, what is? A  very inventive mind, that man.  I have longed to hear you say it.  (They kiss, then he picks her up and smiles broadly)  I told you what I know.  I don't know. I only know that I can't go back.  I cannot come. If I go back, I will die. [Library]
