Try to maintain your normal rate of respiration. Maintain your normal rate of respiration. The discomfort will subside. [Ready room] We've prepared a meal for you. It's one deck above us.(She leads the way past windows showing eels swimming.) [Xyrillian Engineering] (They are lying underneath lots of coils and tubing with changing light colours.) These are the teraphasic coils. The wider ones have lost their cohesion. Are you certain you don't want to rest for a while? We've prepared sleeping quarters for you. It's not far. [Trip's temporary quarters] (The 'bed' is a curve cut out of a red block - think solid hammock. The walls have moss and there is a sound of waves. The sound and light distortions of the previous scenes are gone.) Your Captain sent the recording . He thought it might help you relax. Are you feeling better? Our food. It grows all over the ship. Would you like some? It's very sweet. This is the closest we could come to water. (She picks up a large bowl of what looks like ice cubes and goes to put one in his mouth.) Trust me. (When her fingers touch his lips there's a sort of electric Something similar. Have you had enough? If you're feeling well enough, we really should get back to the repairs. It will take a while for the coils to regenerate. Come with me. There's something I want you to see. [Xyrillian Holodeck] (The walls are speckled with the colours of the rainbow. Ah'len takes a control from a panel.) Watch this. (She presses a couple of buttons and the room changes It's holographic. It seems real, doesn't it. Resequenced photons. Come with me. (They walk) We could walk all the way to the city and you'd never know we're still in this room. It's a boat. It's just resequenced Exactly. you don't have any dermal plating. How do you detect other people's moods? The follicles on your face. If I'm not mistaken, they've grown. Do they have a purpose? (Tucker rubs his chin.) Do you mind? No, this is a game we play. Watch. (She puts her hand into it It takes four hands to work. (The glow spreads up their arms.) AH'LEN: Your favourite food is catfish. What's mine. Yes. Concentrate. What's my favourite food. I wasn't certain the granules would work with your species. Captain Archer saved your life once, about four years ago. You like having people find you attractive, don't you? Understood. You'd better stand up. (She turns off the holodeck.) [Shuttlepod] It was worth every minute. Good luck to you.(Their ship warps away.) The reactor worked fine for six days then went offline again. How did you find us? I don't understand.(Trip lifts his shirt to show his bulge.)AH'LEN: I had no idea this could happen with another species. If I'd known. (scans him) It's still early enough to transfer the embryo to another host. She looks very healthy.
