Hey, hey, it's okay, it's all right. I'm a friend Just cleaning you up a little. War's a dirty business. But you're lucky. Bullet just missed the bone. You're in my apartment, what's left of it. I'm Alicia Travers. Pleased to meet you. What's the last thing you remember? You sure did. And your SS friends, they're dead, which is how I like them. You're my first bona fide POW. I usually fix up guys in the resistance. (Archer tries to sit up) Easy. Easy, easy, easy, sailor. You don't want to start bleeding again. That patch on your shirt says Enterprise. You must have made it off before it sank. How'd you wind up all the way over here? It's 1944. I haven't heard it called that before, but that's as good a description as any. Used to be a pretty nice neighbourhood, even for coloureds. As you can see, it's gone downhill. (Archer sees the remains of the 'Stop 'n' Go Cleaners.) We in Brooklyn. New York City? [Nazi HQ] (It's a beautiful white house with a porticoed entrance, and part of the left corner damaged. It's not big enough to be the White House. There are tanks parked on the manicured front lawn.  A film is being shown in a darkened room.) When? Sal! We've been through this. This is my home. I'm not leaving. Not bad. He's in the Pacific, on a destroyer. I hear the war isn't going any better over there. Don't be expecting a second course. You're a rotten liar. All the good stuff goes to the Germans. I still can't believe it. You know, that they're actually here. I'll never forget the day I saw that first German tank rolling up Flatbush. All the people streaming across the Brooklyn Bridge, trying to get out of Manhattan. The President on the radio, vowing to persevere, right before the government evacuated Washington. (music starts up) Right on Good to know there's something that your remember. Germans outlawed coloured music. Some of the neighbours pass a phonograph from house to house every night, so the Germans can't find it. Just another way of telling 'em off. What else is new? BILLIE [OC]: I've met so many men, some who sent me up to the skies. Sal mentioned some stories once, but I didn't believe them. I don't know. Thanks, Carmine. Used to be we'd get meat on Wednesdays and Fridays. Then it was Yeah. No eye contact. (She dumps the meat.) We don't want any trouble. Like I said, neighbourhood's gone downhill. [Situation room] Yeah, sometimes the Germans don't wait for curfew. Yeah, tell him what you guys did before the war. Right. The loan-sharkinq was just a part-time job. When they didn't pay you back on time. That's where the crime part came in. Sal. Throw the gun down. Come on. Come on! His blood wasn't even red. Fellas. A lot of people out past curfew. (A guy rummaging in a rubbish bin, another lounging on a bench, and someone else watching from a window.) What are you doing? (running out of ammunition) Whoever you're calling, they're not going to get here in time. [Crashed shuttlepod] How did we get here? Promise you won't do that again.
We in Brooklyn. She was around my age. Ensign O'Malley. How'd she die? There's still war in the future? Spaceships. People from other planets. People from the future? It's all a little too much for Alicia Travers from Bensonhurst. Besides, I'm afraid of heights.  Seem to be fewer and fewer of those places every day. I want to go home, to my neighbourhood. There are a lot of people in trouble down there, and I'm not going to just turn my back on them. But you knew I was going to say that, didn't you? We've got eyes on every street corner. I can, I can put a word out. Archer, with this ship, with all this power, you can help us. You can help us stop those bastards. Then do it. Start with Berlin. Wipe that damn place off the map, and don't stop until you kill every last one of them, because what they Okay. I guess you know what you're doing. Are you going to start by sending me down with that dissolver thing? Archer, you promised me I wouldn't have to go through that again. Okay. How does that thing work, anyway? On second thought, I'd rather not know. [Nazi Weapons Facility] Who dressed this? He should stick to cars. At least it doesn't look infected. It's a miracle you got away. What's that supposed to mean? That's crazy You went through my jacket?! (trying to grab it) It's a radio. (getting it back) Archer gave this to me so that I could talk to him. You just missed Billie Holiday. Look, you know what, Carmine? I'm gonna make this real easy for you. I'm gonna help him. All you have to do is decide whether or not you're gonna help me. [Nazi Weapons Facility - temporal conduit machine] (Vosk is standing on the platform, giving a speech, as Tucker listens from a hiding place.) I guess we have to say good-bye all over again. It's harder the second time. I want my neighbourhood back, the way it was. And my husband, I want him home. Fix all that, okay? Yeah.
