Would you like to meet them? I can arrange it. I'll show you where, but first you should enjoy yourselves. Which one would you prefer? Gentlemen, gentlemen. Perhaps you would prefer to watch the inter-species performance? Of course I do, but there's no reason to hurry.
Point four three.
How do you regulate positron flow in your dilithium matrix?
Captain, I'm glad you could come.
Alien vessel. Reduce to one quarter power and adjust heading to three one seven mark five.
(something) (something) (something increasingly belligerent) (something) (something) (something) (something) (Hoshi goes to investigate again, and sees a pale scaled alien fixing devices to the bulkheads and talking to a companion who is doing the same.) [Ready room] (Archer is pacing when Hoshi walks through the closed door.)
 Our warp drive failed three weeks after we left. We tried to set a course for the nearest system at impulse, but main power went down.
(grey skin, slightly beaky mouth) Prepare to surrender your vessel and evacuate the crew. You won't be harmed if you co-operate. Drop out of warp.
Several compartments have flooded with radiation. I have injured passengers and crew. Our situation is critical!
We've detected three more infected organisms on the surface.
I don't recognise your species. You must be newcomers. Welcome. It would be a shame if I let you leave our world without introducing you to the local wildlife. Zentho marmots make wonderful pets, and the flesh is quite succulent when prepared properly. Barge twelve is that way. Tier two. [Chemist's shop]
You're not like the others on this ship.
It's holding! [Bridge]
Transmit your identification code. You're cleared to proceed. [Transporter alcove] (Archer arrives in casual clothes with Soong and his shadows, and meets Phlox, who injects Soong with something.)
He promised he'd kill us if we told you. Please! His name is Slar. Our slave master. He was in charge of the salvage operation. When you boarded the ship, he hid in the service crawlways. He was planning to sabotage the ship. Possibly near the power transfer conduits on deck twenty two. It's warm there. His species likes it warm. Gorn. He's he's a Gorn. [Bridge] (A schematic of Defiant is up on the viewscreen.)
