If this continues, the Klingon species will cease to exist. Phlox. Phlox. This will help. (but Phlox rejects the bottle) My apologies for the General's conduct. So cruel. This is no way to treat a man of science. (Phlox is in great discomfort or pain.) My people need you, Phlox. We have no healers with your abilities. No, no. I've been reviewing your work. It's brilliant. You have discovered a weakness in the virus causing the plague. If we interrupt the transcription sequence here (shows him a PADD) What if we don't tell him? A cure would save millions of innocent lives. What more honourable death could there be for a healer, Klingon or Denobulan? Captain's Starlog, supplemental. I've asked Columbia to join us in our search for Phlox. We'll have a better chance of making it through Klingon territory with twice the firepower. [Corridor] (Reed is being manhandled along by two MACOs.) Has the House of Phlox always been one of healers? Ah, yes. I've heard. Three wives for each husband. Three husbands for each wife. Your mating practices must be very complex. We are a warrior caste. When I became a healer, my father disowned me. Not as well as I should have. I did not screen my subjects properly. This plague, all its victims, it's my fault. My failure is the reason you're here. [Qu'Vat Colony] (The group of augmented Klingons who boarded Enterprise come to make their report.) Doctor Phlox has made excellent progress. (entering) Doctor. The two guards are displaying the first symptoms. So either General K'Vagh lives, or I do. (Phlox scans him) It's the General, isn't it? His strain has the cure. It's set to disperse five seconds after transport.  My targ won't even recognise me. I suppose this is what I deserve. Millions of my people will have to live with this disfigurement. It'll be passed on to our children. Life won't be easy for us. I doubt my superiors will allow me to remain in my position. I'll need to find a new specialty. Perhaps cranial reconstruction. I'm grateful for everything that you've done.
It's good to see you again, Doctor. I wouldn't expect you to remember but we met briefly five years ago, at the IME conference on Tiburon. I was disguised as a member of the Mazarite delegation. My people weren't invited. You must forgive the General's conduct. The Warrior caste has little use for social protocols. The Empire is facing its gravest threat since the Hur'q invasion. A virus is spreading from planet to planet. Millions are already infected. If this continues, the Klingon species will cease to exist. You don't understand the Klingon way, Doctor. To ask for assistance would make us look weak in the eyes of our enemies. It could even incite rebellion. I was impressed by your lecture at the conference. Your paper on viral propagation was very insightful. Metagenic research. I've already isolated the virus. I assume you'll want to start by mapping the nucleotides? It wasn't my idea to abduct you. Nevertheless, you are here. Millions of lives are at risk. [Bridge] It's immune to whatever antiviral we've tried. There's no reason to contact them. We've acquired their entire database. Medical research isn't a priority for the High Council. I'm forced to obtain information however I can. Given the choice between honour and saving lives, I choose the latter. This patient is at stage one. The virus doesn't become contagious until stage three. Euthanising him. It is more honourable to give one's life to medical research than to die for no purpose! Familiar? (There's a sound by Phlox's feet, and he looks down to see the targ nuzzling at his shoes.) Boshar! Feeding time is over. Go back! (The creature leaves.) There are dozens of creatures in your Sickbay. I could never keep Boshar locked up. He was my first patient. He tore his side open when I was a child. I stitched the wound myself. Several embryos were found in the wreckage of the Bird of Prey. We used them to re-sequence a number of test subjects. There were some unanticipated side effects. For a time it appeared we were quite successful. Our Augments might have looked human, but they were Klingon. Stronger, more intelligent. Then, their neural pathways started to degrade. They died in agony. One of the test subjects was suffering from the Levodian flu. The Augment genes modified the virus. We tried. Soong was under heavy guard. N'Vak was one of the first planets affected by the plague. How long until the fleet reaches us? They wouldn't destroy us if they knew we had created Klingon Augments. It succeeded for a brief period. If Phlox and I can find a way to stabilise the human DNA prior to the onset of stage three, our Augments would survive. If we're successful, you could use them as leverage, force the High Council to give us more time to find a cure.
