When will it be ready? We must be patient. We must follow the plan that we all agreed to. Then it's unlikely they'll survive.
Degra, it is good to see you again. You've accomplished a great deal in a very short time. Someone once said that dealing with reptilians is like bargaining with the sun. You make no progress, and you come away burned. The last time I saw you like this was when you delivered the first weapon. Better their world than ours. What we do is for them, for our children's future. Remember that. The past. The Council prohibited that. How would they get to the past? We have to investigate this. Reptilians sit on the Council, or have you forgotten. If they did go behind our backs we shouldn't reveal what we've learned. Not yet. We can inform them in secret.
There may be other human ships in the Expanse. I don't think he's told us everything, but I can't explain the evidence that we saw.
Degra arranged for the Aquatics to return you to your ship. Forgive me, but the Council will need more than your word. Perhaps you can demonstrate your ability to time travel? Very well. Such as? That's up to the Council. And this is the result of your finding them? But fortunately, you were able to stop him, by travelling back through time. This proves nothing. How do we know he didn't capture them in the present. This proves nothing except the reptilians disobeyed the Council, which comes as no great surprise. But you also claim that we've been misled by transdimensional aliens. Where is your evidence of that? (Archer puts the cylinder back in the device and locking it all away again.) We've met one of them. These tests only confirm the equipment belonged to the reptilians. The readings could have been fabricated. No more than you seem to be determined to believe whatever he says. Now, I admit Archer's evidence is intriguing, but we barely know this human. Our contact from the future has helped us many times. She brought this Council together. I am not a fool, Degra. All I'm saying is that it'll take a little more than a few chronometric distortions to turn the Council against her. More evidence? Degra, I know you've had doubts about building the weapon. Don't let them cloud your judgment.  [Command centre] (Degra is standing with T'Pol as Tucker works lying on the floor by the wall. The main display screen is a maze of fuzz and distortion) He's involved in sensitive negotiations. No one authorised the development of a bioweapon, but that didn't deter your colleagues from creating one. He intends to seize the human vessel. He'll destroy both our ships if we don't comply. Degra.
It is being considered. The Council has agreed that the aquatics will transport the prisoner. They've sent a ship. Get him ready. [Corridor] We've learned something about the reptilians that concerns us. You can help alleviate it. You can't locate them. We're grateful for the help that you've given us.
The weapon is ready? Degra, report. That moon was nearly split in two. Clearly, progress has been made.
I agree. We are too far along to change our plan. I agree. Degra deserves more time. You put all of our work at risk.
Gralik, are you there? Gralik? (They leave.) We can't find him. He often takes walks outside the settlement. They're looking for you. We've completed three already. The impurities were less than six parts per million. We should get started.
