Go!
Sorry.
They've agreed to talk to her, Trip, so lower your weapon [Cavern]
Archer to the Bridge. What the hell's going on? [Bridge] Oh, no, no, no, not at all. Any idea when you might get it back online? [Bridge] Thank you. [Mess hall] (T'Pol helps herself to a bowl of liquid from the buffet table.) Any luck? You think it might be a good idea to drop out of warp? Malcolm, if we ignited the plasma exhaust, what kind of damage would it do to the nacelles? How much damage? Go to half impulse, Ensign. (All move to the front of the bridge.) (to Hoshi) Put up A4. (A view from the aft of the saucer section on the viewscreen.) Record all aft sensors. Fire. Play it back, slowly. Go back and freeze it at the flashpoint. Creep it forward a little. There.(A ship is silhouetted against the bright light.) Long enough to throw half our systems out of whack. I'm sure they know we've detected them. Open hailing frequencies. This is Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. I don't need to tell you where we are. Your presence is disrupting a number of our systems. Please back away to a distance of at least ten kilometres and respond. We have no intention of harming you, but I wouldn't mind an explanation. We can't help you unless we can see you, so why don't you disconnect whatever stealth device you're using. (The ship appears aft of Enterprise.) [Sickbay] Three hours of decompression in each direction, makes more sense to stay until the job's done. Remember to mind your manners. [Shuttlepod] (It docks with ship.) Put him through. About five minutes longer than the last time you asked. [Decompression chamber] Put him through. Yeah, Trip. How's it going? What's the problem? [Xyrillian Engineering] My man's not doing so well over there. With all due respect, I've known Commander Tucker for eight years. He's tough as nails. If he says he's having problems, I've got to believe him. You really think that'll make a difference? Sounds like Trip's feeling better. Go ahead, Trip. [Xyrillian Engineering] Getting a chance to meet other species is our mission. Hoshi. Trena'l wanted to thank you again. Nice work, Commander. Return to our previous heading, Travis. Trip. Pebbles? Doctor? If we're going to safely remove this life form from Commander Tucker, we'll have to find the Xyrillians. (to T'Pol) Why don't you and Malcolm see what you can do about locating their ship. Is Trip well enough to return to his duties? You got it. [Engineering] No problem. How you feeling? I haven't said a thing. Doctor? Well, what makes you think she's told anyone? Chicken tetrazzini. (Tucker takes the remains of the dish.) ARCHER: Did you cut yourself? You know, it's been over a week, Trip. We have to start considering the possibility that we're not going to find the Xyrillians. You know, the Doctor was saying that the gestation period will only last another five weeks, six at the most. I suggest you stick with the civilian clothes. Seems to help hide the bulge. I'd like you to start seeing the Doctor every eight hours. As your delivery date gets closer, he should be able to start figuring out what your postnatal responsibilities might be. There's a bright side to all of this. As far as we know, this is the first inter-species pregnancy involving a human. [Bridge] On our way. [Bridge] Drop down to impulse. Hoshi, try to get an image. (A ship comes up on the viewscreen.) Go tighter. (TOS fans will recognise it instantly.) Hoshi? If we're going to speak to the Xyrillians, we can't do it without the Klingons knowing about it. Open a channel. This is Captain Archer of the starship Enterprise. We respectfully would like to ask for your assistance with a little problem we're having. Polarize the hull plating. (A torpedo heads their way.) ARCHER: Grab hold of something. (Whumph!) So I guess that's their version of a warning shot across our bows. No, stay where you are. Hail them again. Please accept our apology, but I need to ask you a question. Have you been experiencing any unusual malfunctions? Problems with your gravity plating, propulsion, environmental controls? We haven't, I promise you. The same things happened to us a few days ago. Your problems are being caused by a small stealth vessel that's been riding in your wake. They're using your plasma exhaust to fuel their warp coils. Wait a minute, wait a minute. They're harmless. We need them, alive. Just give me a chance to explain. Didn't you hear what I said? I need them alive. I assure you that any damage they've done was unintentional. They're simply trying to get home. Sto-Vo? You really don't want to hurt these people. They're actually very kind. They just had some bad luck with their engines. When we confronted them, they complied with all our requests. If you agree to enter their vessel, I'd appreciate it if you took my Chief Engineer with you. He was there for three days. They trust him. It'll make things a lot easier. There's another reason. Commander Tucker has some unfinished business with the Xyrillians. There's a pregnancy involved. Show him.(Trip lifts his shirt to reveal a growth on his ribs. The Klingons laugh.) [Xyrillian ship] I appreciate your co-operation. I hope the next time we meet, we can be of some help to you. Trena'l told me that at full impulse, they can probably get home in less than a month. That business about the Klingon Chancellor calling me a brother, was that true? Your appetite seems to be back to normal.
Are we there yet? You'd be the first. I'll let you know in about three hours and seventeen minutes. [Captain's mess] I'm surprised you've never heard of it. It was called the Great Experiment. Could humans colonise deep space? They'd already build New Berlin on the Moon, Utopia Planetia on Mars, even a few asteroid colonies, but all within our solar system. When they found an Earth-like planet less than twenty light-years away, it was hard to resist. Nine years there, nine years back, but they made it. People have been trying to answer that question for a long time. No one's heard from Terra Nova in over seventy years. After the colony was built, relations with Earth became strained. The Space Agency figured nothing succeeds like success, so they decided to send another vessel. The colonists protested. They'd been there five years, this was their home. They didn't want another two hundred people arriving. The folks back on Earth argued that there weren't any other habitable planets within reach, but the colonists dug their heels in. There were a few angry messages sent back and forth, then one day nobody heard from them again. Nine years there, nine years back, it would have been a pretty long trip. Let's see it. (A blue and white planet appears on the viewscreen.) Put us in orbit over the colony. (Hoshi nods that she's opened a channel.) Terra Nova colony, this is Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. We've come from Earth. Please respond. Any biosigns? From what? Let's take a look. (The viewscreen zooms in.) Closer. Let's hope the ghosts can give us some answers. How bad is the radiation. Trip, take the Bridge. Travis. (Reed goes too.) [Terra Nova Colony] (The shuttlepod lands, and two crescent moons hang in the sky. A bicycle is abandoned, the buildings are tubular framed.) Whatever happened, I've got to believe they tried to let Earth know about it. Good. See if the data buffer's intact. We might be able to access their last transmission logs. (to Reed) Walk the perimeter. See what you can find. If that's what killed them, where are the bodies? That would have been difficult. That's a bulkhead. They designed their ship to be disassembled. That's how they built the colony. It was a one-way trip. (Out in the brush, Reed's scanner beeps) We're on our way. [Cave entrance] (Reed haa chased the figure all the way to a cave entrance.) You get a look at him? Archer to Mayweather. Get back to the shuttle and grab a pair of flashlights. Make it quick. After you. (Further on they find a storeroom with a collection of dead armadillos, metal cooking pots, knives. Reed spots small faces watching them from above.) My name is Archer. We're looking for some people. I was hoping you could help us. (puts down knife) We're not going to hurt you. We're just trying to find out what happened to them. (A man rushes in with a weapon, they stun him and the small faces vanish. A second man come in and fires a percussion weapon. Archer and Reed run, but the Captain is We're under attack, and I think we just took a wrong turn. We could use a little help navigating down here. [Cave entrance] I don't see a tunnel. [Cave entrance] Malcolm? (He looks back through the opening. There's just a flashlight on the ground, then shots drive him back.) Malcolm? [Cave entrance] (A man comes flying out and jumps Travis. T'Pol stuns him. Then Archer comes out to gunfire accompaniment.) Go. (The three leave quickly.) [Shuttlecraft] If these are the descendants of the original colonists, they've never seen other humans before. Maybe we look as strange to them as they did to us. [Situation room] Have you figured out what caused it? They also hunt some kind of burrowing animal. Where's Malcolm? I don't want to risk any more casualties. Despite how they look, they're still human. We've got to find some way to talk to them. If I can't make first contact with other humans I don't have any business being out here. Malcolm was shot. Grab your medical kit and meet me at the launch bay. (to T'Pol) Try to find out what irradiated the surface. You and Hoshi get to work on that data buffer. I want to know if they tried to send any messages to Earth. [Planet surface] Hard not to hear a shuttlepod landing on your roof. (He stops walking.) I'm unarmed. I just want to talk. (Both raise their arms.) I'm concerned about my officer. I'd like to see him. (Two men appear with weapons and lead them away.) [Cavern] (They are taken to where Reed is being held prisoner.) How's the leg? That's right. It's called Enterprise. No. We're here to find out what happened to the colony. We came to help you. I told you, we're not here to hurt anybody. All right, but he won't be able to get through these tunnels on one leg. My doctor needs to treat him. (Phlox gets his medical case back and starts scanning Reed's leg.) What makes you think we're here to hurt you? Why do you think that? I don't understand. To the underside. I think I know what you're talking about. The poison rain, it was some kind of radiation. I don't know what caused it but I'm sure it wasn't humans. I know this'll be hard for you to accept, but you're the descendants of human beings. Your ancestors colonised this planet over seventy years ago. They came from Earth, just like I did. I don't know what happened, but maybe we could work together and find out. If that's your way of calling me a liar, give me a chance to prove what I'm saying. My sky ship has tools that can help us find out what happened here. Doctor Phlox can make her well, but she'd have to come back to our ship. She'd be back before the sun rises on the overside. Let us help you. He needs to be treated as well. Probably best if you lead the way. [Shuttlepod] (The old woman is fascinated as they approach Enterprise to dock. Archer is at the controls.) That's Enterprise. It's a lot like the ship that brought the colonists to this planet. It was called the Conestoga. Maybe you were born on board, or were you born after your parents got here? It's all right. (It opens. She comes out and sits up immediately.) Medicine. He's just going to give her some medicine. I've got some other pictures you might like to see. One of my crewmen found these in our database. (Archer calls up the expedition files Travis was looking at.) They might help you remember what it was like living on the overside before the poison rain. I'm just trying to help you see how you got here. Well look again. Because whether you want to believe it or not, we're both human. Doctor, keep me posted. Captain's starlog, supplemental. Sub-Commander T'Pol has discovered the remnants of an impact crater that could explain the radiation. [Situation room] Comet or an asteroid? The poison rain. So, for some reason, the young kids survive and begin living underground. Their last memories of their parents are hearing them blame humans for destroying the colony. The idea that humans are the enemy has been embedded in them for more than two generations. This isn't going to be easy. Go ahead. Nice work. Would bringing them to the surface help? How's she doing? Bring them to the Situation room. [Situation room] It's not safe for you anymore. When the asteroid hit, the fallout contained certain poisons. Humans under the age of four or five can usually build up an immunity to them. That's why they survived. I went through about two to three hundred photographs before I found this. (A family group, with a small child.) Look familiar, Nadet? And what about the people? What were humans doing in your colony before it was destroyed? I think I can help answer that. (He zooms in on it.) You're sure none of these people look familiar? From the data we retrieved on this photograph, we're pretty sure this woman's name was Vera Fuller. Ring a bell? Look closely. (Archer zooms in on the girl on the woman's lap.) Vera Fuller. What do you remember? Vera had a daughter named Bernadette. She'd be about seventy five now in Earth years. Is her treatment finished? Fine. As soon as you're done, bring them to the Launch bay. Sub-Commander. (They leave the group.) [Ready room] What? And then what, put them in chains? What the hell do you think this is, a slave shi? We can't relocate them by force. We have to convince them that returning to Earth is the right thing. We can't take them by force. What are you talking about? You're damn straight. They're human beings. It's their birthright. It might take a little while, but they'll adapt. It's a hell of a lot better than dying down in those tunnels. Archer to Tucker. Get up here on the double and bring your maps with you. [Situation room] Southern hemisphere? Go ahead, Doc. I'll be there in a couple of minutes. There's got to be similar underground topography on one of these southern continents. Caves, caverns. Find them. Put that on a PADD for me. And it wouldn't hurt if they were crawling with those, what do they call them, diggers. [Shuttlepod] Was that photograph of Vera Fuller and her daughter shale? Do you really believe we created it to trick you? You're human. So am I. Humans help each other. Would you at least talk to your people, tell them what I proposed? (the shuttlepod lands at the original colony site. There's a sudden jolt) Fire them up again. (But the pod falls through the ground into a crevice.) I think we're done dropping. How far have we gone? [Bridge] Hold on. Trip, if I open the port hatch, what am I going to find? You're going to have to build a rig to get this pod back on the surface. What are you talking about? Stay here with the shuttle. Keep your comm. open. (Travis throws him a torch.) Hold on a second. Do you hear that? I'll do what I can, but I doubt I can make it down there. I need you to give me my phase pistol. My gun. So I can free this man. It's your turn to trust me. (Jamin hands it over and Archer uses it to cut the log in half.) Give me a hand. Ready. (They lift, and Akary wriggles free.) [Cavern] (They carry Akary into the cave where Reed is being held.) How are you holding up? Tell you what, Travis. Why don't you put together the report for Starfleet. If I'm not mistaken, it'll be headline news back home.
Tycho Brahe. He lost his nose in a duel over a math equation. (Shran knocks him down.)
Make a good impression. Just give us a few minutes.
Tell them to take the entire dose.
Put him through. Admiral. Good to see you. We're getting ready to deploy the first subspace amplifier. Should clear up reception a bit. Something tells me you didn't call at four in the morning to talk about comets. Sir? What's the problem? We're on our way. I think our day's going to start a little early. (Porthos wags his tail.) [Situation room] Ensign? Any other ships in the region. Open a channel. Fortunate, this is Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. Fortunate, please respond. Have Doctor Phlox meet us in the Launch bay. [Shuttlepod] Permission to come aboard. Jonathan Archer, Captain of the Enterprise. Sorry we couldn't meet under better circumstances. What happened here? Nausicaans? I've got repair teams standing by. What can we do? Where's your Captain? We've come an awfully long way. It would be a shame to turn around without lending a hand. [Fortunate Infirmary] Since we have to stick around, we might as well help you get your ship up and running. I understand you're used to doing things on your own, but we're here. Use us. We might be able to upgrade your hull plating, your weapons. Couldn't hurt the next time you run into these Nausicaans. The sooner you're back at warp, the sooner that cargo you're hauling gets to where it's supposed to go. [Cargo module four] Go ahead. Acknowledged. Those engine parts Mister Tucker gave you working out okay? Good. Doctor Phlox tells me Captain Keene's condition is improving. Anything else we can do? There's one other question I'd like to ask you. Are there only humans on board your ship? T'Pol's scanner picked up a Nausicaan biosign. You know that's not what we're saying. Why don't you tell us what's going on over there. What gives you the right to take prisoners? I want to see him. What do you plan to do with him? You're right, but there is one thing I do have jurisdiction over. Archer to Tucker. I want you to remove all the spare parts and equipment you installed on the Fortunate. You heard me, Trip. Watch me. [Cargo Module 8] Where? Don't do this. (Reed fires the first shot, but misses Ryan.) Ryan! You're making a big mistake. (to Reed, sotto) Go. (Reed fires before they both move to try and flank the pair. Ryan fires at the bulkhead above T'Pol before leaving the module and sealing the door.) Ryan! (There's a jolt.) We're fine. I don't want the Fortunate leaving. [Bridge] Trip, report. How're you doing, Trip? Follow them. Belay that, Trip. Send a shuttlepod over here to pick us up. We've sprung a leak. How long till they're back online? I think I can squeeze you in. (Archer gestures for him to sit.) ARCHER: What's on your mind, Travis? Any time. Go on. You served on one of those freighters. I want to hear your opinion. So you think we should just let Ryan take on the Nausicaans? So what happens to the Nausicaans? Suppose Ryan finds the ship that attacked him. Maybe it's been damaged and the Fortunate is more than a match for them. What do you think Ryan'll do? I don't know about you, Travis, but that doesn't sit right with me. Human beings have a code of behaviour that applies whether they're Starfleet officers or space boomers, and it isn't driven by revenge. Just because someone isn't born on Earth doesn't make him any less human. Any other orders of mine you'd like to question? Who's doing the shooting? Lay in a course. Polarise the hull plating. Drop us out of warp. Are we in range? Put it up. (Two small ships circling the Fortunate.) Hail the Nausicaans. Lets see who answers. [Cargo Module 4] (The men are holed up with their prisoner as the Nausicaans try to cut through the door.) There's a lot of firing going on for a rescue. Perhaps we have an opportunity here to improve relations between your people and mine. I have a proposal for you. We'll get your man back and then you'll let the Fortunate continue on her way. We've scanned your ships. Mister Reed. You're not sneaking up on an old freighter this time. This is an NX Class Starship. Take a good look, because you'll be seeing more of them. Now, you can reconsider my offer or you can take your chances. You've got a chance to stop this before anyone else gets hurt. This has gone on long enough. Now you're putting my crew in danger. Release that hostage. [Cargo Module 4] Return fire. Starboard tubes three and four. Port tubes one and two, fire. I'm on duty. If you think he's going to be a problem, we could take him back to Earth. Understood. His intentions were good, but someone should teach him to accept help when it's offered. They're going to be seeing a lot more ships than they're used to. Maybe that's not so bad. At warp three, help's a lot closer than before. You won't have to go it alone. I think you've already done that. Good luck. Thanks, but my crew's anxious to get underway. Next time. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Morning, Daniels. I thought this was Taylor's shift. No problem. There's a stellar nursery not far from here. We detected several ships inside. We thought we might go say hello. No, thanks, I'm fine. [Bridge] Put it up. (The ship is on the viewscreen.) Hail them. My name is Archer. I'm Captain of the starship Enterprise. We're from Earth. We thought we'd introduce ourselves. Nothing. We're new to this region and we're eager to make contact with other species. If you don't mind my asking, what brings you here? The, the what? Mind if we join you? I'd like to extend an invitation to you and your passengers to visit Enterprise. Understood, Mister? Looks like we could be having guests. Tell Chef to prepare something. [Docking port] Welcome aboard. Captain Jonathan Archer. It's customary on Earth to greet someone with a handshake. (Archer holds his hand out to an alien with a very high forehead with ridged domes.) Thanks. It's beautiful. What exactly is it? You're very generous. I'm afraid the only thing we have to offer you is our hospitality. Our chef has prepared a meal in your honour. Please. (He leads the way.) [Mess hall] (A buffet meal. Some crew are in casual dress.) Four months, three weeks and We've seen a lot since we left Earth but I have to say that this place is definitely one of the highlights. I didn't realise you were familiar with Earth religions, Doctor. I guess you could say I try to keep an open mind. Excuse me. Archer to the Bridge. Report. [Bridge] I'm afraid we have to cut the tour a little short. I'll be on the Bridge. [Bridge] (Lightning strikes the ship.) Report. Trip. [Engineering] If any of your group would like to watch the Great Plume from our Mess Hall, they're welcome to come back tomorrow. Have a great time, Doctor. I'll expect a full report in the morning. Hope to see you tomorrow. Go ahead, Trip. On my way. [Engineering] What? (Tucker reachs into where the alien stuck his arm.) Yeah. What are you getting at? One of your staff? Sounds to me like you've got a hero who's a little reluctant about taking credit. Talk to them again. Whoever did this deserves a commendation. Thank you, Captain. If anyone comes forward, you'll let me know? Why don't you talk to one of my Bridge officers. I'm a little busy right now. I'm sorry Daniels, I've got my hands full. What about them? How the hell do you know what I did on the Helix? My ready room. What? What is that? That doesn't look like Starfleet issue. Who are you? How do you know what happened on the Helix? I'm the one asking questions, crewman. What do you know about that? If you're not a member of Starfleet, then who are you? I've never heard of a group like that. So you're telling me you're some kind of a time traveller? Overwhelming doesn't quite cover it. Are you human? And the people giving Silik orders? But not you? Sounds dangerous. But it wasn't. That's what the Temporal Cold War is all about. Why are you telling me all this? Are you implying Silik was sent here to save my ship, and if he hadn't we would have been destroyed today? You're from nine hundred years in the future, and you need my help? I've noticed. If I decide to help you I can't do it alone. I need to inform some of my crew. You sure you don't want a glass? The Suliban woman I spoke with, Sarin, she also used the phrase Temporal Cold War. The same words. What about the Suliban's genetic engineering? Phlox says it's far beyond their abilities. I'm telling you, he pushed a button on this device and the whole room changed. If there's even a possibility that this cold war exists, we can't ignore Daniels' request. Yes, Hoshi. I take it you enjoyed your visit. How many decided to join us? So that leaves six on the transport? Did any of them seem out of place? Did they all take part in the rituals? No, just curious. It's been a long night. Glad you had a good time. Enjoy the view. I know, I know, your breakfast is two hours late. Don't give me that look. If it's any consolation I missed my breakfast, too. (Porthos keeps barking.) What's the problem? You're not getting any cheese. (Porthos ignores his bowl and starts growling. Archer moves to the comm.) What are you doing here? I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know. And why would you want to do that? The first time we met, you tried to kill me. By whom? What does Enterprise have to do with your temporal war? Archer here. Thanks. I'll be there in a few minutes. He'll have to wait a few minutes. Archer out. It was Silik. I guess he decided not to try and kill me this time. Have our guests left yet? Enterprise to Captain Fraddock. I'm looking for one of your passengers. Have any of the ones who were here returned in the last hour or so? You're sure? Thanks. Archer out. (He opens another channel.) Mister Reed. [Bridge] Do you think you can find him using Daniels' sensors? Get to Engineering. T'Pol. Thanks, Doc. [Daniels quarters] (Archer takes the case from the locker and opens it.) It's gone. He took it. The device I told you about. The one Daniels used to show me all those things. That kind of information could give an advantage to whomever Silik's working for. Go ahead. [Bridge] Anything? Tell Malcolm to meet me with a security team. Stay here. [Service Junction 59] Put that device on the floor. You keep saying you're here to help us, but I can't stop wondering what kind of genetic enhancements you'll get for bringing back that little prize. Eyes in the back of your head? A pair of wings? Yeah. [Bridge] Come in. Not a clue. Starfleet's in store for one hell of a report. I'm not quite sure where to begin. First thing in the morning. I don't know about you, but I could use a good night's sleep. God knows what else is in there. Let's get back on the road, Travis. (A big security magnetic lock is clamped on Daniels' door and the light glows red.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Defenceless. (The image we saw in the launch
He hasn't been himself lately. (Archer strokes Porthos.) No more dairy products, you hear that? Doctor's orders. Sorry to bother you with this. Thanks, Doc. (to Porthos) See all the trouble you cause? Are there any inhabited systems nearby? Any biosigns? Bring it into Launch Bay two, and tell Doctor Phlox he might have a couple of patients. [Sickbay] (They revive a humanoid with pronounced bones around the eye sockets and forehead.) We found your ship adrift. We thought we might be able to help. I'm Jonathan Archer. You're on the Starship Enterprise. Can you understand me? Earth. We're from Earth. Yes. Why? Any thoughts? (to Phlox) See what you can do. Put us in a low orbit, Travis. They're expecting us. It's a full blown epidemic. Go ahead. I don't think these people are about to steal anything. Hoshi? They're indigenous to this planet? On most of the planets we've encountered, only one species of humanoids survived the evolutionary process. I've just gotten a call from the director of the clinic. He's eager to hear if you've made any progress. Doctor? But? What about a cure? But not impossible. Take all the time you need. It was no problem. How are you feeling? We're trying to do something about that. I have a lot of faith in Doctor Phlox. We started out in ships very similar to yours. Someday you'll be travelling just as fast as we are. You may not find that everyone you meet wants to help you. Archer. I'll meet you at the shuttlepod. Archer out. [Bridge] From whom? Do you have a minute? [Ready room] That I'd think about it. Safe to say I know where you stand on the subject. They have no experience working with antimatter. I doubt they even realize how dangerous it is. They're not ready. We could stay and help them. I never thought I'd say this, but I'm beginning to understand how the Vulcans must have felt.(In Sickbay, Phlox is studying a DNA sequence, and what he sees troubles him greatly.) [Mess hall] Looks like I'm not the only one. Am I going to be without my doctor this winter? Maybe I'll join you. Any progress? A cure, Doctor. Have you found a cure? Ethical? Every time you treat an illness, you're interfering. That's what doctors do. What about the Menk? And that won't happen as long as the Valakians are around. Well, what are you suggesting? We choose one species over the other? The hell with nature. You're a doctor. You have a moral obligation to help people who are suffering. Go ahead. I appreciate your perspective on all of this, but we're talking about something that might happen. Might happen thousands of years from now. They've asked for our help. I am not prepared to walk away based on a theory. My compassion guides my judgment. Can you find a cure? Doctor? I'm going down to the Valakian hospital. I have reconsidered. I spent the whole night reconsidering, and what I've decided goes against all my principles. Someday my people are going to come up with some sort of a doctrine, something that tells us what we can and can't do out here, should and shouldn't do. But until somebody tells me that they've drafted that directive I'm going to have to remind myself every day that we didn't come out here to play God. I'm sorry. (Archer hands over a PADD.) ARCHER: This will give you detailed instructions on how to synthesise more of the medicine.
Was anyone killed? Ready?
Sensor resolution's dropping off.
Everything else check out all right?
Look familiar? This was my first astronomy book. My father got it for me on my eighth birthday. I used to stare at the cover for hours. The Arachnid Nebula. Who'd ever have thought I'd get to see it in person. It's less than a light year away. We'll be there in a few hours.
We couldn't do this in my ready room? (Tucker has a camera.) Reminds me of Yellowstone. Hello? Are you there? (He starts scanning, then turns it and the torch off.) They know damn well what they're doing. How was the hunt? Any luck? Are you there?
Where do you expect me to put it? There's hardly any room left on your ship. I think it's time you decided what you really want to keep.
T'Pol?
I can't believe you'd do this to a child.
It better be important. Nice goal! Lifeform?
Keep shovelling. We're going to four point nine. Let's celebrate later. [Bridge] Sorry Trip, but we need a little more speed.
Get your head down!
We appreciate your hospitality, but a minimal number of crewmembers need to stay on board. It's tempting, but we need to keep some dilithium to run our engines. Well, it's the problems you don't anticipate. This doesn't feel right. I shouldn't be going down to some pleasure planet while half the crew has to stay onboard. All the same the crew should come first. Wouldn't miss it. I'm on vacation. (Rostov takes his bag.) Thanks. Just watch yourself. Malcolm. (In a plain burgundy shirt.) You watch yourselves, too. I've never been much for vacations, but I've got a little villa overlooking the ocean, and Porthos and I are going to relax. [Sickbay] What do you think, Porthos? Not bad. (He finds a note and a package on a table. The note says 'to help you relax - T'Pol. The package is a book, the Teachings of Surak, English translation. He goes onto the balcony overlooking an azure blue bay, and other villa balconies down the cliff face. A Hairless Chinese Crested dog is yipping.) [Keyla's balcony] How'd you get up here? Stop it, you two. Porthos. (doorbell chimes) Come in! (Archer picks up Porthos and goes to open the door.) Please. Porthos. No harm done. She probably just came over to make a friend. I'm Jonathan. So, is this your first time to Risa? First time. My science officer felt I needed to relax so I decided to do some reading, let Porthos run on the beach. She'd be the first to agree with you. I was about to go out for dinner. Can you recommend a restaurant? Sounds great. If you don't have other plans, maybe we could wade out to that little boat together. No. Just a thought. I look forward to it. Just looking at the stars. Never. Come on up. (He's looking through a triangular telescope when she comes in.) I wanted to thank you. The little boat with the seafood? Best I've ever had. No problem. I had a nice chat with a couple from Vega Reticuli. It turns out it's their three hundredth wedding anniversary. You can't imagine. There it is. (He gestures to her to look through the telescope.) See the bright blue star at the top? No, look just below. The yellow one. Do you see it? It's about ninety light years from here. Actually, this is the farthest any of my people have ever gone. Archer Elementary. It has a nice ring to it. Can you show me where you're from? Oh, I'm sure it's not that bad. Well, I can see how that could happen. I mean, it's at least a hundred metres from here. You've just got to notice the subtle differences. Now you're catching on. Give me a couple hours I could have you navigating a starship. Good morning. Come in. Sounds great. I just ordered breakfast. Would you like to join me? Juice? It's a gift from my science officer. Her people think humans are too controlled by their emotions. Seems like you know a lot about me. Where I'm from, what books I read. I don't even know your dog's name. Everything else. What's your planet called? What do you do? Do you have a family? How could you spoil it? I'm sorry. Suliban? Yes. [Phlox's quarters] How's your ankle? You'd think that guide would have warned us. I don't know. That thing was pretty well camouflaged. To Risan sea turtles. Is something wrong? Was there more than one? We've seen them a number of times, but we've been lucky. No one was badly hurt. Is that right? Who told you that? I wish I could tell you, but I don't know. Hopefully, neither of us will ever run into them again. I realise that they murdered your family, and I'm very sorry for that, but I'm not sure what you want me to tell you. If this wine is too sweet, I think there's another bottle here. It might be different. All right. I don't know much, but I'll tell you what I can. I could use some fresh air. Why don't we take a walk on the beach? It's kind of chilly. You might want to go get a sweater or something. Archer to Enterprise. I'm transmitting a bioscan to you. Run it through the computer. I think you'll find a match. [Sickbay] Not quite. (Keyla comes in.) Your surgeons did a nice job. All the Tandarans I met had a very distinctive feature, right here. (He points to the bridge of his nose.) I took a bioscan. They may be able to change your face but not your DNA. Did Colonel Grat send you? I suppose it's possible you don't know him. He ran the detention camp I was sent to. It was filled with innocent Suliban. Grat asked me the same questions you've been asking, except he was a little more aggressive. On the other hand, he didn't try to win my sympathy with fictitious tragedies. If it wasn't Grat, then who was it? Who sent you here? Who was it? (He takes hold of her arm. She scratches his hand and he starts to pass out.) I'm guessing you two had an interesting couple of days. Went out like a light.
I didn't even know Phlox existed before they brought Klaang in. And that was the day after the late night call from Trip.
I didn't know you drank wine. To our Science Officer. It's been one year to the day since you officially joined our crew. That's no small accomplishment considering the previous record for a Vulcan serving on a human ship was two weeks. I've been filling out your annual crew evaluation. Just a formality. There's something in your record I've been meaning to ask you about. While you were stationed in Sausalito you took a five-day leave. You went to an old mining town in Pennsylvania, Carbon Creek? Seems like an odd place to take a vacation. Then, if I may ask, why'd you go there? Just curious. Trip, if she doesn't want to tell us. Then you were about three thousand kilometres off. That took place in Montana. Don't forget how long Vulcans live. Trip, that's classified information. Please, go on. Hold on, hold on. We didn't say we weren't interested. How long did this Mestral stay on Earth? And that would be what, another hundred, hundred and fifty years? You did go to Carbon Creek. My pleasure. You've certainly kept us entertained.
By the time he wakes up, we'll be long gone. [Bridge]
Great. (He connects his own
They could have asked us to leave him behind. They didn't. Porthos has the right to a little fresh air.
A mythical creature. British pilots used to blame them for problems they couldn't explain.
My name is Captain Archer from the starship Enterprise. We tried to hail you, but there was no response. That must make it difficult to do business. A Kreetassan merchant told us this was a deuterium facility. Our supply will be gone in less than two weeks. I apologise, but when you didn't respond to our hails. You sure you couldn't spare a few hundred litres? It seems that there might be an opportunity for us to help each other. We can't spare that many. Maybe three. Actually, no. I'd enjoy seeing how your facility works. Four power cells and whatever medical supplies we can spare. Commander Tucker and his team will do the best they can. Agreed. [Sickbay] (The woman is gazing at a four-legged starfish in a tank.) You've been to other colonies that trade deuterium, haven't you? Are they all this rustic? Their equipment's falling apart. Half these structures look like they're about to collapse. Phlox tells me they don't even have basic medical supplies. Deuterium is a highly valuable commodity. You'd think these people would be better off. Then why do they need us to finish fixing their pumps in two days? What's the hurry? [Bridge] Archer to Enterprise. Have the Klingons detected Enterprise yet? [Bridge] Travis, adjust your orbit. [Bridge] So this is your exclusive arrangement? Maybe there's something we can do. We'll be at the landing site. (Tucker sees Q'ell looking wistfully after him.) So that's it? We just take our deuterium and leave? They work their asses off to provide for their families and then the Klingons just stroll in and rob them blind. Does that seem right to you? Malcolm tells me that Klingon ship isn't much more than a freighter. I'd lay odds they're no match for Enterprise. We could try to contact the Klingon High Council. We saved Klaang from the Suliban, we pulled one of their battle cruisers out of a gas giant. I say they owe us a favour. I already know where Vulcans stand on interfering with other cultures but this isn't a culture. Seventy six settlers are being preyed upon. If this were an Earth colony I'd be grateful if someone showed up to give me a hand. I just hate the idea of turning our backs. [Settlement] (It's nighttime, and Tessic is working on a machine.) Need a hand? Okay. This one? Sometimes I have a bad habit of overstaying my welcome. Seems to me this crawler's the least of your problems. You said they've been coming here for what, five seasons? How much longer do you plan on letting this go on? Another five? I had a talk with my tactical officer. We're confident you have the ability to defend yourselves. It would be different this time. We would help you prepare. There's a saying on my world. Give a man a fish and he eats for a day. Teach him to fish, and he eats for a lifetime. [Inside a module] (A table has been laid out with an assortment of weaponry.) You're going to lure them into a trap. That's where deception and surprise come in. Did you bring the map I asked you for? The structures in the colony, they're mostly modular, right? So you're saying you could relocate these buildings in a relatively short time. About fifty metres to the south, right here. They'll have to be capped off, and camouflaged. We've got three days. We should get to work. Thanks. How are things going with the pumps? Let me know. (Archer takes another piece of furniture.) ARCHER: I got it. If you need more people. I thought taking the town apart was tough. But putting it back together. Do you think it's a mistake? I've never liked bullies, Trip. Not on Earth and not out here. [Armoury] (Three men, a woman and Travis are attending the defence class.) We left Earth just over a year ago to explore, to meet people like you. We'd only been out of Spacedock for three days when we found ourselves in a full-fledged firefight with some pretty nasty characters called the Suliban. I got shot in the leg. Just before I passed out I remembered thinking this isn't what I signed up for. I should be mapping star clusters or making first contact with friendly species. But when those Suliban started firing at my crew I knew I didn't have any choice but to fight back. I'm not ashamed to admit I was nervous. I'm nervous now. But I know we can do this. (comm. chirps) Archer. Acknowledged. [Settlement] (The wind blows through the deserted settlement as the Klingons beam in.) They're too far south. Everybody, this way. (The Klingons spot them moving, and some throw down their bat'leths to draw their disruptors.) A few more metres. (Korok's hobnails connect with metal in the ground, and he finally takes note of the landscape.) Now. (Trip sets off his charges and the Klingons are surrounded by a circle of fire.) They're all yours, Tessic. There must be over a thousand litres here. Our deal was for two hundred. Have a good season. (They get into the shuttlepod and fly off, leaving the deuterium behind.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
How long ago are we talking about?
If I knew there were going to be so many hills I would have picked a different city to explore. I can't think of a better man for the job. (Phlox looks through the observation window.) Any unexpected guests? Very. You know, as interesting as that was, it's always good to get home. Something wrong? Malcolm? What about it? None yet. I've already spoken to them. When was the last time you remember having it? After that. Did you have any reason to take it out of your pocket? Are you sure? We covered a lot of ground. It could be anywhere. Can you do a little better? We saw a lot of propaganda, but from what we could tell nobody started fighting yet. It's a good place to start. (to T'Pol) You've got the Bridge. Tell Doctor Phlox we're going to need his cosmetic services again. I appreciate the offer, Trip, but the fewer set of eyes, the better. Next time.  [Shuttlepod] (piloting) We'll be in range of their surveillance towers in less than two minutes. Your feet ready for another hike? How about thirty years in the brig, or maybe a good flogging? It was an accident, Malcolm. It could have happened to any of us.
And if I hear that alarm one more time I may have you taken out and shot. (to T'Pol) Unless there's a real emergency, like a reactor breach, I don't want to be disturbed. [Archer's quarters] (He is barefoot and slumped in a corner when the doorbell chimes.)
You about finished down there, Trip?
Come in. (Goff enters, looking much pinker than previously.) Report. He's your partner. You must have some idea where he's going.
It's going to take at least a week to complete the survey. Should be enough time to sneak in some R and R.
Last known position? Trip's a good pilot. If he was near one of those moons he most likely set down on it. How many are there? Then we'd better start looking. Travis. We'll scan every moon, even if we have to do it with binoculars. Keep hailing him. [Shuttlepod] (Tucker opens the hatch and comes out into a night scene with insects chirping. There's rock and a dead tree. He goes back inside to tend to his scratches and record events to date.) Who are they? You've dealt with them? And you are? I'm Captain Jonathan Archer of the Starship Enterprise. We weren't aware that this system was claimed by anyone. Sub-Commander T-Pol is my Science Officer. A member of my crew is missing. We believe he exchanged weapons fire with a small vessel. Was it one of yours? Then maybe we can look for them together. Once we've recovered our crewman we'll be more than happy to leave. Either way, we're not going anywhere until we know what happened. Now it seems to me we have a similar problem. Two missing people and sixty two moons. It'll go a lot faster if we use both our ships to co-ordinate the search. The sooner we get started, the sooner we'll be out of your territory. [Shuttlepod] (Tucker has gone out scouting for the thief. He locates another crashed pod and campfire, but makes a noise as his foot slips on some gravel. The alien hasn't heard him, so Tucker makes his way And the Arkonians? This is their territory. They could have called for more ships to help search. What's the bad blood? Well, maybe we'll have better luck with them. They agreed to work with us. I'll need a little help here. Go on. Doesn't sound so bad. We'd better hope that Trip landed on the night side. Trip? It was transmitted on a Starfleet frequency. That's why I asked you here. The message was in a Starfleet frequency, but we think the carrier wave was generated by your technology. We weren't able to respond. If we can't isolate the wave we won't be able to rescue either of them. My science officer believes she can recalibrate your scanners to isolate our frequencies. Then you can pinpoint their location. Then send your science officer over here. T'Pol can show him what to do. It seems my engineer and your pilot have found a way to work together. [Cliff face] (Zho'Kaan looks in a bad way and Trip is stripped to the waist.) We read you, Trip. We're getting a lock on your position now. What's the problem? Meaning? Let's get you home. [Cliff face] He's tired and a bit sunburned, but he's doing fine. It was a misunderstanding. I hope we can avoid them in the future. I guess we won't be adding the Arkonians to our list of friends. Let's hope it stays that way. [Sickbay]
Archer to Doctor Phlox. Could you report to my ready room?
I'm not sure if it's set on stun. (Tarah turns slowly towards him.)
Any new mission you haven't told us about? What do you have? Whoever built that ship might be able to send help. [Engineering] I'm going to hold you to that four minutes. Go ahead. Stand by. Get to the control room. I'll take it from here. Control room. (He puts the warhead in the Tardis and Tucker gets the temporal beacon signal going.)
Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Trip and I have left Keto-Enol, where we had a successful first contact with the Enolians. We also found time to squeeze in a little R + R. How's that docking port coming? (Tucker is straining at a wheel.)
Escort Ensign Sato to her quarters.
Something wrong?
 Come in.  Mind if I join you?  Welcome back. (He shakes Travis' hand)
They've been underground for six months. The Denobulan Science Academy lost contact with them three weeks ago. The planet's called Xantoras. The government's been politically unstable for several years. In the last few weeks a militant faction has taken control. They can't get here in time. Enterprise is less than a day away. We've been asked to pick them up. First we have to find them. You've had some caving experience. What about you and Malcolm? Get some gear together. Happy to help, Doctor. [Launch bay] The military's preparing search patrols to arrest any stray off-worlders when the deadline arrives. If you haven't found them in a day and a half, I want you to turn around and head back. Can you put it on speaker? Where are they? Set a course. Open a channel. I want to speak to their Captain. [Sickbay] (Enterprise is docked with the alien ship, and assorted alien patients are being treated.) What are his chances? You're on my ship, Enterprise. I'm Captain Archer. There was an accident on your transport. He's our doctor. You need his help. Recently? And there's still bad blood between you? If you explain to him that he won't survive without your help, maybe he'd set the past aside for a few hours. You could always sedate him and perform the treatment. Even if he wishes to die? Don't you believe if you can help someone your ethically bound to do so? This is an Earth ship, Doctor. I won't let that man die in my Sickbay if it can be prevented. I'm giving you an order. Your ship was damaged by the reactor leak. It'll be a few days before you can go back aboard. You were exposed to high levels of radiation. You need treatment. If you don't let Phlox operate, you won't survive more than two days. I understand there's a troubled history between your peoples, but I can assure you Phlox is an excellent doctor. He wasn't that specific. Do you want to become a casualty of a war that ended three hundred years ago? Phlox has been my Chief Medical Officer for nearly two years. I've never questioned his skill or his integrity. You'd rather die? If you spent some time with him, it might change your perception of them. I prefer to make my judgments based on firsthand experience. I respect your history and the sacrifice your people made, but I can tell you that the Denobulans you're describing are not the people I've met. Don't sacrifice your life based on preconceptions. [Phlox's office] Do you know you're the first Denobulan he's ever met? Doesn't that seem odd to you? That in three hundred years neither side has tried to reconcile. Maybe you put it behind you too quickly. This is your chance to prove them wrong. Set aside your preconceptions. I made some headway with him, but I won't be the one holding the scalpel. Show him that he can trust you. All I'm asking is that you try. Your ethics might keep you from treating him against his will, but nothing's stopping you from talking to him. You're a doctor. He's your patient. Find a way to help him. [Caves] (Luckily, the rock climbers had just enough cable to reach the next layer of tunnels. Reed starts scanning.) Is that the Governor? So is mine. You did, which makes me wonder why you're attacking my people. One of your patrols has opened fire in the vicinity of the caves. Your general order doesn't go into affect for another hour and a half. Then who are they shooting at? That's not my concern. You're endangering my people. You've got to wait until they're in the clear. It's what we agreed to. Target the patrol that's firing at those caves. Charge weapons. The question is do you want to be at war with us. It sounds like you've got your hands full already. Stick to our original agreement and you won't find yourself fighting on two fronts. [Caves] (While Tucker and Reed haul themselves slowly up their ropes, the Denobulans 'walk' up the rock face remarkably like Sulibans would. Yolen looks down from a ledge.) Prep Shuttlepod one. Have a security team meet me in the Launch bay. Noted. You're cutting it pretty close, Trip. The deadline passed two hours ago. [Shuttlepod] You've got company, Trip. [Shuttlepod] I'm glad you didn't defy my orders. I wasn't looking forward to throwing you in irons. How did you convince him? It's too bad your research on Xantoras was cut short. You do know we came here to rescue three Denobulan geologists? I understand they'll be heading home on your transport. I hope that won't be a problem. I had a talk with them. They're willing, if you are. [Sickbay] (There are no patients present.)
 I wouldn't mind taking a turn at the helm.  I'm starting to get the hang of this. I could take us down a little closer if you'd like.  Where is she?
The Admiral thinks that they're humanoids enhanced with technology. He believes they abducted the research team. Earth tracking stations spotted the transport leaving orbit at warp three point nine. I think it's safe to assume these aliens reconfigured the engines using technology from their own ship. Not exactly, but their heading puts them within a half dozen light years of our current position. We've been ordered to find the ship. We'll start searching at these coordinates. Go to tactical alert. Lay in a course. Hard to believe anything could survive. Go ahead. How long to reach them? Set a course. (As they arrive on the scene, a nasty green weapon is being used to try and cut open the freighter.) Open a channel. This is Captain Archer of the Starfleet vessel Enterprise. Stand down your attack, or we'll open fire. Any human biosigns? Can you disable their weapons? Is there anyone alive on the Tarkalean ship? Hold our position. Get a shuttlepod ready. (to T'Pol) You have the Bridge. [Sickbay] (The patients have some pale and mottled patches, but are unconscious.) You said the human biosigns were erratic. Can you remove the nanoprobes? Come in. Any sign of the transport? There was something familiar about all this, but I couldn't put my finger on it until I find this speech Zefram Cochrane made eighty nine years ago. When I was a kid, I read everything I could about him. It took me a while, but I finally found it in the database. He was giving a commencement address at Princeton when he started to talk about what really happened during First Contact. He mentioned a group of cybernetic creatures from the future who tried to stop his first warp flight when he was living in Montana. He said they were defeated by a group of humans who were also from the future. No one took him seriously, and he recanted the whole thing a few years later. But you have to admit, there are similarities. If he was right, they might be heading back to their homeworld so they can try again. [Sickbay] (One of the Tarkaleans is starting to regain consciousness.) Doctor? Phlox. (Phlox sits up.) ARCHER: What happened? Seal off the maintenance shafts. Post teams at every access point. When you find them, put them in Decon. Maximum security. Stay here in case there are any more problems. Call the bridge if you need anything. I'll have it brought down. (The Tarkaleans quickly make their way through Jefferies tubes and maintenance walkways, looking for something in particular.) [Engineering] (Looking at a schematic of the Arctic transport.) Doesn't look like they've enhanced the aft plating yet. If we can punch through here, we should be able to knock out this EPS manifold, take down their main power. Go ahead. [Bridge] Travis, lay in a course, warp four point nine. Let's hope they didn't have time to upgrade their weapons. [Maintenance area] (The Tarkaleans are bust pulling off panels and using their injector tubes to modify things when Reed and his security guards turn up.) Can you stop them? [Maintenance corridor] (Retreating rapidly.) Isn't there an outer hatch in that junction? Malcolm, get out of that section and seal it off. [Maintenance corridor] Close the hatch and re-pressurise. Malcolm, I want you to work with Trip. [Jefferies tube] ARCHER This'll be fine. (Archer just takes his drink.) ARCHER: Is this seat taken? He thinks we can knock out the power systems without causing too much damage. That's the general idea. I want to take these people home, the humans and the Tarkaleans, no matter what state they're in. Are you saying we shouldn't go after that ship? Go ahead. On my way. I'm not ready to declare them a lost cause. [Sickbay] (Phlox is a lot more mottles, and his hand is shaking.) How are you feeling? Any progress finding a treatment? What is it? Aren't you jumping the gun a little? Increase speed. (Enterprise starts to shake.) Target that EPS manifold. (One phase cannon burst.) Block it! They set us up. This is Captain Trip, we could use weapons. [Maintenance area] Is the transporter still on line? Then you're with me. I'm counting on you to pull us out of there. [Sickbay] (Phlox is hearing voices, and is almost completely pale and mottled.) Put us as close as you can to their EPS manifold. (scanning the female) This was one of the researchers. (It was Rooney.) Look at these biosigns. They're not human anymore. (Three more come around the corner.) Same as the others.(In a corridor on Enterprise, three security guards meet and shoot two alien boarders, but the second two adapt their personal forcefields straight away, and are unaffected. The Starfleet men make a strategic withdrawal.) [Arctic transport] (Reed is attacked by an alien, and is being choked when Archer manages to pull one of its tubes out of it's headpiece. It writhes around on the floor, helpless. Around the corner they find the device they are looking for.) That's it. (Three aliens come out of their alcoves to defend it, but get shot. Reed sees the red dot of an alien eyepiece on Archer's back.)  They've adapted. Hurry, Malcolm! (Two more come.) ARCHER: Archer to Enterprise. Stand by transporter. [Bridge] There isn't anyone on that ship we can help anymore. Target their warp core. Hit them with everything we've got. (Five torpedoes and a phase cannon shot blast the transport into pieces.) Get me Admiral Forrest. Captain's Starlog, March 1, 2153. Repairs to the ship are underway, and we've resumed our previous heading at low warp. Doctor Phlox is confident he'll make a complete recovery. [Sickbay] They say doctors make the worst patients. Do you think they were trying to communicate with you? They told their homeworld how to find Earth. Somewhere deep in the Delta Quadrant. Sounds to me like we've only postponed the invasion until what, the twenty fourth century? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Even your scientists have confirmed the existence of dark matter. That's the point. If it really is a dark matter nebula, we'd be the first to directly observe one. I've heard of Vulcan experiments where they were able to excite dark matter by bombarding it with metrion particles. (to Tucker) Could you rig some kind of spatial charges? Something that would spread the metrion particles over a wider area? Get to work on these charges. What are their ranges? Thanks. If this nebula exists, we don't know what effect it could have on the shuttlepod. Not this time, Trip. All the close calls he had flying warp trials, and he gets killed climbing Mount McKinley. (Archer gets into Pod One, and Tucker closes the door.) [Shuttlepod] (Archer starts pre-flight checks, and T'Pol enters the pod with a case.) Thanks. We? I'd prefer to handle this myself. Go ahead and meditate. I'm fine. A Starfleet Captain. A. G. Robinson. I wouldn't be out here if it weren't for him. I'm sure there's a paragraph about him in the Vulcan data base. We were in the NX test programme, trying to break the warp two barrier. There was just a few of us. Gardner, Duvall, AG and me. We all wanted the first flight [Memory - Starfleet Command, Forrest's office] ARCHER (our of uniform) Sorry I'm late, Commodore. I came straight from the test bay. Ninety two. Sir, you didn't call me here to ask about an engine test. We all know the assignment's about to be handed out. I'm guessing this is either really good news or AG's a fine pilot. Sounds good. You know I spent more time in the simulator than anyone. If I can do anything to help AG prepare for The most important thing to me is that we succeed. Is there anything else? Sure, why? Sherlock Holmes has nothing on you. Do you remember what Buzz Aldrin said when he stepped on the moon? Nobody does, because Armstrong went first. (He goes over to a group at the bar.) Congratulations. (They shakes hands.) Of course not. I'm waiting for Forrest to realise what a horrible mistake he made. Until then, let me buy you a drink. To Commander A. G. Robinson. We all worked hard to get this flight, but in the end the best pilot won. Just ask him. AG. Take it easy Commander, you're due in the simulator at oh seven hundred. First flight's in two weeks. I bet you're going to tell me. And? That's right. Only one of us was going to get to fly that ship. Nothing wrong with a little healthy competition. I agree. Was that a compliment? Not exactly. He was lucky to come out of it in one piece. [Memory - NX Control room] (There is an audience of Vulcans, and Commodore Forrest.) Maintain your orbit. We're trying to run down a problem with the stabilisation protocols. What can I get you? [NX Alpha] Good news AG. I just got word from the powers that be that you're good to go. [NX Alpha] NX control to NX Alpha. You have my permission to go to warp. [NX Alpha] AG, we're getting some pretty unusual telemetry down here. We need you to go sublight until we get this sorted out. (An alarm sounds.) [NX Alpha] ARCHER Two point two. [NX Alpha] NX Control to NX Alpha, come in. AG, can you hear me? [Shuttlepod] We should be entering the nebula. As Doctor Phlox would say, optimism. Time to put Trip's charges to the test. Three seconds. (Two charges explode, making purple patterns.) Anything? (She checks the sensor display in her case, and shakes her head.) We need to move deeper into the nebula, if it exists. The field emissions on the charges could have been too low, or maybe we're just on a wild goose chase. He made the record books for being the first person to deploy an escape pod at warp, but he lost one of two NX prototypes. Nearly derailed the entire programme. [Memory - NX Hanger] You where ordered to abort. He's right. This is a new engine. It's bound to have a few bugs to work out. We've got a lot of data to analyse before we know what happened. We should be grateful we only lost the ship. [602 club] Who's Cyrus? What's your name, Lieutenant? Trip? Thanks with your help today with our Vulcan friends, Trip. My father would have appreciated it. Commodore. Of course. (all sit) Is there something on your mind, Sir? For how long? What do you mean, indefinitely? We have an engine that works now. If we start over, it'll be decades before we get into deep space. I suppose you heard. Where have you been all day? You should be. The Vulcans have been leaning on Starfleet for years to rein in this programme. You walked in there today, ruled out pilot error, and told them just what they wanted to hear. Our engine doesn't work. I agree. We need a pilot who listens to orders. If you aborted, we'd still have a ship and probably another chance. At the first sign of trouble, you should've throttled down. I guess we'll never find out. There's nothing wrong with that ship! What the hell's that supposed to mean? Not before I got two bruised ribs and a cracked molar. It's all right. Auxiliary's kicking in. We must be getting close. Trip said the dark matter might affect the shuttle's systems. He'll be happy to hear he was right. I don't think so. Our pre-launch checks were all fine. Something else caused that surge. Have a little faith, T'Pol. One thing I learned from AG. You're never going to get anywhere without taking risks. Quite a bit. Humans can have funny ways of forming friendships. He would have loved it out here. Too bad he never got the chance. God knows he earned it. He was also responsible for getting it back on course, with a little help from me and Trip. [Memory - NX Locker room] (AG is clearing out his locker.) I see you're not losing any time. I'm not clearing out just yet. I've been thinking about what you were saying last night about my father's engine. You were right. I wanted to see this thing fly so badly, it kept me from being objective. It may. I got my hands on the telemetry from your flight. It looks like Tucker was right about the intermix, but I think we can compensate for it. We can take this to Starfleet, make a case to get off the ground again. Commodore Forrest will back us up. Even if his two senior pilots insist that this ship can fly? If the three of us go in there together, we might be able to change their minds. You just went faster than any human being ever has and now your going to walk away? Let them put the ship in mothballs when we're so close to breaking warp three? You're always talking about taking risks. What have we got to lose? I'm open to suggestions. They'll never give us clearance. It wasn't the kind of thing Starfleet Command wanted to advertise. Don't you believe me? Well, you didn't know me then. I was a little more by-the-book. We still have two more charges. Let's keep looking. Promise you won't put this into the Vulcan database? [Memory - NX Hangar, night] ARCHER Thanks. I'll keep an eye on it. We need you down here. Don't worry, you'll get out there someday. If I had my own ship I'd sign you up in a second. Thanks, Trip. [NX Beta] How's it coming, Trip? Not on your life. (The ship goes past Tucker and his monitor as it leaves hangar and then hurtles up the launch ramp.) Anyone noticed we're gone yet? Something wrong? What? We're about to find out. Warp two point one five. (to AG) You'd better get that intermix locked down because I'm not backing off till I break your record. Got it? With all due respect, its not your's either. You're right, sir. We were reckless. We knew there'd be consequences. We knew we'd probably be thrown out of Starfleet. AG and I may never fly again, but its a small sacrifice to make if it keeps this project going. We didn't build this engine to make test runs around Jupiter. We built it to explore. If my father were alive today, he'd be standing here asking, what the hell are we waiting for? [Shuttlepod] Convincing enough. We managed to avoid a court martial, but they grounded us for three months. Eventually. The Vulcans had us run every simulation they could think of for over a year before they finally admitted the engine would probably work. Eight months after that, Duvall broke warp three in the NX Delta. Five years later we laid the keel for Enterprise. You know the rest. I'd hate to see those last two charges go to waste. (they fire, and detonate) Anything on sensors? T'Pol, come up and look at this a minute. Let the sensors do it. That's why AG and I worked so hard to get out here. He wasn't alone, but by the end AG and I were the only two candidates left. They made the final selection six months before we launched. Maybe I just got lucky. [Memory - 602 Club] Luck had nothing to do with it. To the first skipper of the NX02. Right. [Launch Bay] You should've been there. What would you suggest? The T'Pol - Archer nebula?
We knocked out his engine. He's making an  emergency landing. 
Nice going, Travis.
(examining remains) I'd sure as hell like to find out. I don't have a problem with non-Starfleet personnel. I'm going to need all the muscle I can get when we cross into the Expanse. We'll do what we have to, Trip. [Xindi Council Chamber] The foreman of the north mine. He's expecting us. He's not. He just said he thinks there was a Xindi aboard a transport he took there a few years ago. He didn't mention any. Where are we, Malcolm? This room. What did it used to be? But it got retrofitted. Starfleet went to a lot of trouble to turn it into our new Command centre. Why is that, Malcolm? To find the Xindi, right? So this state of the art equipment was put in here to help us gather all the pieces of the puzzle, figure out who's trying to destroy Earth. Six weeks. We've been in this Expanse for six weeks. What data have we gathered? What pieces of the puzzle have we started to put together? Not a single one. We don't have the luxury of being safe or cautious any more, and if the only lead we can find comes from a freighter captain of questionable character, then that's good enough for me. Understood? (leaves) When did it start? You're sure it's not a problem with the grav-plating. You're right. It's not the grav-plating. Any volatile material in those containers? Seal it off. Let's hope this little anomaly doesn't last any longer than the others did. (Everything flies back to the right hand wall as they leave.) [Sickbay] (Phlox is looking at a microscope view on desk monitor as T'Pol enters, wearing a red v-necked catsuit.) The Doctor said it was safe for short periods. Try not to breathe. I'm Captain Archer of the Starship Enterprise. We've come to see your I'm Jonathan Archer. This is Lieutenant Reed. Depends what you mean by worth your while. I'm afraid we don't carry precious metals on board. I'm sure there's something else we could offer you. (quietly, to Reed) What about the antimatter relays? How much platinum are we talking about? I'd need to see this man, scan him, confirm that he's Xindi. Why would you do this? Is it Xindi? I need something a little more concrete, Doctor. Like humans and Neanderthals? How's it coming? Let me know when it's ready. You okay? I have something to discuss with him. I brought you what you asked for. Now let me see the Xindi. (The Foreman checks on a computer screen.) It took six of my men half the night to extract this platinum. I think you could wake him an hour early. [Mine Canteen] (The foreman leads the way, Trip holding on to the case with the platinum in it.) Our outer hull is lined with duranium. And why would you imagine that? (A person is thrown to the floor in their midst, and the foreman holds out his hand for the platinum. Tucker hands over the case.) The foreman said it was an accident. You're Xindi? Where's your homeworld? We have important business with your people. What do you mean, escape? A simple set of coordinates, that's all I want. I'm prepared to pay you. Trip, take it easy. (communicator chirps) Archer here. Archer to Enterprise. Enterprise, respond. (static) What are you doing? One, and he didn't look very much like you. I thought you said this duct isn't used anymore. How far up to the next maintenance hatch? How far? I think you're right. Suit yourself. (He starts down.) We're going to have to pick up the pace, gentleman. (A red glow is visible in the duct. They slide down.) [Passageway] You okay? You had your chance. You're lying. He wasn't a particularly helpful Xindi, Doctor. I'll be damned. They're the coordinates. [Corridor] Tactical Alert. Stand by weapons. Any indications that we're being scanned? How many inhabited planets? Son of a bitch lied to us. A ship? Put it up. Move us in closer. (They fly in amongst the lumps of rock.) How long ago did this happen? They're building a weapon, planning to annihilate Earth because they think we're going to destroy their world in four hundred years. How is that possible if their world doesn't exist anymore, hasn't existed for decades. Prepare to go to warp four. Deeper into the Expanse. You heard me, Travis. [Xindi Council]
Doctor Phlox said your injuries were minor. Please get up.
 How long was I asleep?
Who were you trying to contact?
Malcolm?
 Report.
We've picked up readings across the spectrum. Positron emissions, antiproton bursts. Whatever they're doing in there, it's using a lot of power. Tell him to keep standing by. I'm not ready to send in the troops just yet. We've checked out the perimeter of the complex. I think we can get inside without being detected.  [Forest] I need an analysis as soon as possible. I appreciate your concern.  [Outside Cave] Tell the Armoury to hold off on those spatial charges. There's been a change of plans. Archer to Enterprise. What's the status of that Xindi ship? Are you picking up the tracking signal? Keep an eye on it. We'll be as soon as we can.
How much longer?
Archer to Enterprise. Report.
Archer to T'Pol.
These are temporal tags. We can use them to bring back anything that doesn't belong there.
Archer to the Bridge. We've rerouted command functions to Engineering. I've taken weapons offline. Stand by. (He enters the Bridge.) ARCHER: Hail them. (T'Pol opens a
You don't think I'd let your people work on my ship without appropriate supervision. Give us the weapon. No, I think you're going to give it to us. Willingly. You tossed me overboard before I had a chance to thank you for letting us access your sensor telemetry. When the Xindi tested the weapon we were able to intercept their activation codes. Give it to us, or we'll detonate it in your cargo bay. I'd rather do that than let you take it back to Andoria. I can't take the chance that you'd use it against the Vulcans. You said you came to help us, Shran. You can still make good on your offer. You're not giving me any choice. T'Pol. (she works at her station, and Archer smirks at Shran) I'd get rid of it while you still can.
I think you need this more than I do. Suit yourself. (He takes a swig.)
Come in. What's the problem. How's it coming? We know you were sent here as some kind of test subject. The region of space where we found you. What is it? Malcolm, status. Archer to Engineering. [Engineering]
How's the rest of the crew doing? Where've you been? I was calling you.
Set a course to Azati Prime, maximum warp. [Bridge] (In orbit of a brown and white planet.)
One quarter impulse. Degra mentioned a security net. The planetoid we passed on the way in, put us on the other side of it. Let's see them. (A mixture of Reptilian and Humanoid designs.) Magnify the lead ship. Show me the warp signature. Degra. [Degra's ship] (Drinks are being poured.) What about the insectoid shuttle? We could fly in, try to locate where the weapon's being completed. Take them. I want to launch as soon as we can. [Insectoid shuttle] (Hovering in the launch bay.) Good luck. Open a channel. Trip? (The shuttle scrapes Enterprise's hull.) [Insectoid shuttle] Where's it coming from? Let's see it. Malcolm. Have they sent out a transmission? How long? Target the facility. We can't risk it. Fire. (A single torpedo obliterates it.) [Insectoid shuttle] We're talking about a one-way trip. Forget it. I'll be flying the mission. How soon can you get it ready? Get started. Meet me in the Launch Bay in thirty minutes. I'm going to need some flying lessons. Daniels. Where am I? I'm going to assume you brought me here for a good reason. I've seen it before. You know about the alien we found, the test subject? We came to the same conclusion. The Federation? You've mentioned them before. They want the Xindi to destroy us. They're about to deploy their weapon. I can't let that happen. My concern is with preventing the deaths of billions of people. If that's a problem for history, then history will have to suffer. I won't do that! You've made your share of mistakes. Send me back. Send me back now! Why are you giving this to me? I won't. [Corridor] We both know it's from the future. I'm going ahead with the mission. You don't think I should. That's if you accept Daniels' version of the future. I thought you were the sceptical one when it came to time travel. What am I supposed to do? Fly a shuttle into the system and knock on the door, tell the Xindi we want to talk? The weapon is too close to being launched. If the situation were different maybe I'd consider it, but I can't. I wish that were true. [Degra's ship] I think they were built for someone with compound eyes. I'll take that as a compliment. Go ahead. An hour ago I gave the command to kill three Xindi in cold blood. A month ago I had Phlox create a living being in order to use some of it's tissue, then I watched him put it to death. I'm saying I won't order anyone else to die. [Sickbay] (Archer enters with Porthos under one arm, and his basket and bowl under the other.) I hate to add to this menagerie of yours, Doc. Just don't harvest any part of him. Do me a favour. Slip him a piece of cheese every now and then. Repeat the question. I wish I could help you, but my superiors keep me in the dark about these things. (He gets hit again.) I thought that was your specialty. Let me guess. Stinking up the room? Including the Xindi? Friend of yours? You must be very proud. I'll bet you didn't know this, but at one time most of my world was ruled by reptiles. A comet hit, around sixty five million years ago, caused a mass extinction. Most of the reptiles died out. Mammals became the dominant species. Still, the reptiles might have come out on top if it hadn't been for a slight disadvantage. They had brains the size of a walnut. That's very small. Apparently it's a constant in the universe. The reptiles didn't all die out. Some evolved into snakes, alligators, turtles. As a matter of fact one of my favourite restaurants in San Francisco makes the most wonderful turtle soup. You should try it sometime if you're ever in the area. I'm just making conversation. Relaying a few interesting facts about the world you're trying to destroy. Is that so? All right, but I'll only talk to Degra. Alone. He's building your weapon. Ring a bell now? Just tell him the name of his third child, Trenia. Prove me wrong. Tell him. [Situation room] Long story. The name of your third child is Trenia. Three months into the pregnancy your wife contracted Anaprolean fever. You lost the child. You were going to name it Trenia. You told it to me. You also talked about the weapon you designed, the one that killed seven million people. When you watched the telemetry come in you wondered how many of those seven million were children. It doesn't matter who I am or how I know all this. What's important is that you listen to what I have to say. Your reason for building this weapon is based on a lie. That at some point in the future humans are going to destroy your species. You know about the Spheres. They were constructed by trans-dimensional beings. Their purpose is to reconfigure the Expanse to make it habitable for their species. That's what destroys the Xindi, not humanity. I've seen it happen. I've been to the future. Four hundred years into the future. There's an artefact in my right pocket. Take it. Go ahead. Have it quantum dated. The results will back me up. Listen to me, you son of a bitch. It wasn't any easier for me to swallow this than it is for you, but you'd better understand something. If you destroy Earth, you won't just be eliminating my species, you'll be eliminating your own. [Degra's ship] That we trust each other. You're building a weapon that could destroy my world. I had to try and stop you. Just consider what I said. That's right. We're both fighting the wrong enemy. Do you believe these results are inaccurate? Let me speak to this Council of yours, present my case. Then help me change their minds. I've made an impression, or you wouldn't still be here. [Bridge] (Enterprise is under heavy attack from Reptilian ships.) Survivors?
[OC]  I'll be flying the mission. I won't order anyone else to die.
If you destroy Earth you won't just be eliminating my species, you'll be eliminating your own.
I'll notify the crew. Let Travis know we'll be getting underway. You should have told me. My ship could be destroyed. What's wrong? Now lock onto their primary relays. They're on [Transporter] Why don't we call a truce and return our respective property. Lorian, [E2 - Bridge] You were lucky. Phlox says the injuries on both ships were minor. You almost crippled us. My mission would have been over. Target their weapons. [E2 - Bridge] One ship against four.
You know about the alien we found, the test subject? We're hoping that'll include data on the Sphere Builders. I'm sending a crew in a shuttlepod. They'll join up with us later. We're pretty sure we've found a way in. You've mentioned the Xindi have been studying the Spheres for decades. We have the evidence to back it up. It's no wonder you had a hard time accepting this. I've stood before a Klingon tribunal. I can handle a tough room. Go ahead. Anything you can tell me about them. I need to know what I'm up against. They're quick to take sides. We've run into them. From what I've seen that's not hard to believe. Don't worry. Keep my chair warm. Is that all? [Degra's shuttle] I'll make sure I project. We're still two kilometres up. Avians. I was once. When we're done here. [Council chamber] You killed seven million of my people. I want to be honest with you, I don't much like standing here. I know. You've been told that at some time in the future my world is going to destroy yours. That's a lie. (Insectoid outburst.) The Guardians built the Spheres. They're reconfiguring the Expanse, preparing it for colonisation. I am trying to save my world, but it's not just Earth that's in danger. If you wipe out mankind you'll be destroying yourself. Earth is going to lead a battle that defeats the Sphere Builders. They know this. That's why they manipulated you into attacking us. Then we'll focus on the aquatics. What changed their minds? Your Council just might have the opposite effect. Degra, when I was on the future Enterprise four hundred years from now, there were Xindi aboard. Humans and Xindi were serving together in the Federation. That's a future worth fighting for. [Council corridor] I got sent to the Principal's office for passing a note in class. It was to Katy Bentley. I was inviting her to a party a friend of mine was throwing. Funny thing. She'd already turned me down, but after I got in trouble. The Sphere Builders, the beings you call the Guardians, are the same species. A few weeks ago we came across an alien. He was adrift in what we believe was a transdimensional disturbance. The alien was inside a pod which was constructed of the same combination of alloys that make up the outer shell of the Spheres. He was a Sphere Builder. Not all of it. Energise. (The alien's pod is beamed into the centre of the council chamber, and appears to have a body inside it.) He did. Tell me, is this one of the Guardians? Dismissed. We'll be in my Ready room. (Archer and the humanoid leave.) Who did this? Keep me appraised. (The communication ends.) Archer to the Bridge. Go to Tactical Alert. [Shuttlepod] Count on it. A lot can happen in a day. Archer. Pursuit course. Tell them to stay put, and we'll come back for them when we can. (A vigorous space battle takes place around the Xindi weapon.) Open a channel to Degra's ship. We're moving in on the weapon. [Degra's ship]
We're pretty sure we've found a way in. I'm sending a crew in a shuttlepod. We're hoping that'll include data on the Sphere Builders. ([Inside the Sphere, MACO Hawkins is grabbed and killed by the Sphere defence mechanism.) For all you know they could be heading to Earth. What about the Aquatics? They've abducted my Communications Officer. Up until now I didn't know why. She'll never co-operate. Any luck? Integral how? If we can damage one of them, would it disrupt the entire grid? Keep at it. How quickly can we get there? You have nearly as many ships. Would the Aquatics be a match for them? That was before the reptilians murdered Degra and stole the weapon. We're looking at civil war. Can they afford to sit back and do nothing? Let me talk to them. [Degra's ship] I didn't quite catch that last part. You all right? Thank you for seeing me. I'm afraid my Communications Officer was abducted by the Reptilians. Then I'll get to the point. We need your help. And if my world gets torn to rubble in the meantime? I believe they took my officer to help them decipher a third launch code. After all your deliberations, you may find a decision's been made without you. So you'd rather sit back and do nothing While they condemn all five of your species to extinction. One last question. Have these Guardians told you where you'll establish your new home world? The ones humans are destined to destroy? Is it here, in the Expanse? In case you haven't noticed, the Spheres are turning it into a transdimensional wasteland. None of you will be able to survive. (The Aquatics swim away.) You say the Guardians have helped you. Have they ever tried to disable the Spheres? Because we've found a way. (The Aquatics turn around again.) Help me save my people and I can help you save yours. [Weapon control area] What they use to connect the Spheres. Well done. Then you'd better keep at it. If the aquatics decide to help us they might want to hear those details. Please do. [Docking hatch corridor] I'm surprised you were ever able to get anything done. That's actually something I wanted to discuss with you. If we're successful, and we destroy the weapon Open a channel to the lead ship. And? Thank you. When this is all over, I won't be complaining about the food. I'll just be happy to get back to our original mission. I wouldn't miss it. The High Command would be lucky to get you back. I may be able to pull some strings, get you out of basic training. Go ahead. Tactical Alert. I'm on my way. [Weapon control area] Feel like taking them on? This is Captain Archer. Cut us loose. (Enterprise flies out of the Aquatic ship's shuttlebay.) [Reptilian Bridge] Fire. (Enterprise strafes the weapon.) [Weapon Control area] Bring us around for another pass. [Reptilian Bridge] (Things are going bang.) Can you get a transporter lock? Send Major Hayes and his team. Keep us clear of them, Travis. Do what you can, but keep us in firing range. Archer to Tucker. Lock onto Major Hayes. [Transporter alcove] Get us close, Travis. I said, take us in. Could an aquatic ship reach it in time? We might be able to get a team on board, disable it from the inside. We'll deal with them when we get there. Are you ready? Then as soon as we undock, set a course for Sphere Forty One. [Armoury] I need to talk to her. She's been inside the weapon. I have to know what she saw. All right. Have her taken aboard Degra's ship right away. I don't have any choice, Doctor. I want her on that ship in twenty minutes. There's a medical bay aboard Degra's ship. Show Lieutenant Reed how to do it. Phlox, you're needed here. (Archer walks away down a corridor lined with injured crewmen.) [Reptilian Bridge] When we're finished, we'll meet you at the rendezvous coordinates. I expect you to keep him in line.
She's been inside the weapon. I have to know what she saw. Have her taken aboard Degra's ship right away. The only way we're going to be able to destroy this thing is from the inside. Any luck? We're going to need Hoshi to help us. I wish I had a choice, Malcolm. Can you transfer that to a PADD? Something portable? [Transdimensional space] We're on Degra's ship, Hoshi. Phlox isn't here. The schematics for the weapon. Degra encrypted them before he was killed. You've been trying to decipher them. You were drugged, Hoshi. You had no choice. You need to finish what you're doing. You're almost there. We're going to board the weapon, try to overload the power systems, but we can't do that until we can read these schematics. You need to finish this. You've got to pull yourself together just for a little while longer. You need to complete the decryption. Everything hinges on it. Do you understand? I'm taking her with me. She's been there, Malcolm. That's where she deciphered that third launch code. She's coming with me. I want you and your team to beam in right before we do. Secure the closest route to the platform. JANNAR If you succeed in creating the overload, what makes you think you'll be able to get out in time? I'll give everyone a chance to get to the outer framework. You'll be in charge of helping Hoshi. I've no plans of dying on that weapon, Malcolm. I'm going to see what else she's come up with. [Balcony] (Archer has walked out into sunlight and is looking down on a huge circular stage.) I don't have time for this. What about it? I have a team preparing to board the weapon. I've got other things to think about right now. What are you talking about? Then it'll happen some other way. Who's to say whether it'll be better or worse? Where are we? What planet? Seems to me it's just as essential that Earth be around for this too. My mission is to save Earth, not your Federation. My place is on that control platform. Now get me the hell back to Degra's ship. [Sickbay] We've got to disable the reactor at a specific point during the inversion sequence, but we don't know the sequence. If it's not done in the right order, internal safeguards will kick in and it'll be impossible to create an overload. I wish I could tell you to take your time. It didn't stop raining for a week. When we get back home I'll see to it you get some R+R in Norway or Canada. Someplace where there's not a tropical bug in sight. Or reptiles. Keep at it. I'll get these to the Bridge. [Degra's ship - Bridge] Why would they leave the vortex? Get your team ready to go. Are we in visual range? (image on viewscreen) Yosemite Three. A research post. Usually thirty to forty civilians aboard. Hail them on this frequency. How's Hoshi doing? (to the two Xindi) Remember, no heroics. Just get us in and then keep them off your ass. I'm busy, Shran. What are you doing here? Okay, bring up the inversion sequence. Got it. Hoshi? Hoshi? (Archer leaves the rods to defend her. Reed kicks the Reptilian coming up on Archer into the void as well.) We didn't come here to disable this weapon, we're here to destroy it. Give me the charges. I want the four of you to get to the outer framework. Beam back to Degra's ship. This isn't open for debate, Lieutenant. (Reed hands over the charges and detonator, and leaves with Hoshi and the MACO. As Hoshi turns to look at him, he says) Don't worry, I'll be right behind you. (He sticks the charges on the twirly gizmo and detonates them. It stops twirling and goes dark. He turns the final rod upside down and a klaxon sounds. Then he gets grabbed.)
Captain Archer to Enterprise. Come in. Enterprise, come in.
Where are we?
Thank you, Admiral. (the applause dies down, and Archer steps to the rostrum) I've been told that people are calling us heroes. When it comes to my crew, you won't get any argument from me. But I think it's important that we remember the heroes who aren't with us. the twenty seven crewmen who didn't make it back. Without their sacrifice, I wouldn't be standing here right now. None of us would. But I'm sure I speak on behalf of my entire crew when I say it's good to be home. [Club] (Archer strolls in, in civvies.) Scotch. I heard about your promotion. Congratulations, Captain. Cheers. You'll be at the debriefing tomorrow, won't you? I wouldn't want to spoil any surprises. Besides, I've got more important questions. Seen any good movies while I was gone? I don't see a ring. I hope you don't mind if I steal some of these improvements. You might want to talk to someone about installing a lumbar support. You're going to spend a lot of hours in that chair. Ventral and dorsal torpedo launchers, pulsed phase cannons. I had an argument once with Captain Jefferies. He was one of the designers of the NX-Class. I told him I didn't want to be in command of a warship trying to make first contact with new species. Jefferies was right. We needed those weapons, and a hell of a lot more. [Starfleet HQ] (The debriefing session.) The asteroids were loaded with trellium ore. We think the Vulcans entered the field in order to mine it. It's an alloy that protects against spatial anomalies. Ships in the Expanse used it to insulate their hulls. They attacked us the minute we docked. The trellium had a toxic effect on the Vulcans. It damaged their neural pathways. They lost the ability to suppress their emotions. The breach was an accident. We were trying to disable their power grid. There was no point. They were too far gone. Phlox made that determination. There was nothing we could do for them. I couldn't help them! No. What the hell does that mean? I just told you exactly what led to the ship's destruction. I'm not going to sit here and be accused of murdering those people. Maybe that crew would still be alive if you'd been a little more helpful. You did everything you could to sabotage our mission. I got more help from the Andorians than I ever got from the High Command. This planet would be a cloud of dust right now if we'd listened to you. How can you be taking his side? They don't lift a finger to help us and now I have to justify myself to that son of a bitch? With all due respect, Admiral, I don't need a vacation. Mind if I ask what you're doing here? I'm not counting. Look what over? You may want to find someone with more field experience, a MACO. If I were you, I'd talk to General Casey about assigning an entire squad. (going up a sheer face, using pitons and ropes) Things have changed since Enterprise left Spacedock. You'll spend a lot of your time boldly going into battle. Did you read my reports? Mountain lion. Tracks are a few days old. How about that? Just to the left of Polaris. We found our first M-class planet around that star. I doubt it. The air was filled with a psychotropic compound. After breathing it for a few hours, my senior officers nearly killed each other. Maybe the Vulcans were right. Maybe we weren't ready. Look what it's gotten us. We almost lost Earth. If we weren't out there stirring up trouble, seven million people might still be alive. I'm not sure there's much of a difference. No, we need them. But look at the Vulcans. They're not explorers. They keep their ships close to home. You never know who's going to come calling. Well, maybe you'll feel differently after you've delivered a few dozen eulogies. [T'Pol's family home - living room] I'm not even sure what all right means anymore. You want to know why I'm out here? I figured this is the last place I'd run into anyone who'd want to shake my hand or take my picture or tell me I'm an inspiration to their children. If they knew what I'd done. Does that include torture? Or marooning a ship full of innocent people? Because I don't remember reading those chapters in the handbook. Why not? Are you telling me I have some kind of a death wish? What was that? You remember that planet I told you about? There was a mountain range on the southern continent. The view was almost as amazing as this. I think the view is fine from here. I'm glad you tagged along. What's that? Well, I was your superior officer. It wasn't appropriate. You're forgetting the climber's code. [Sickbay] (In Spacedock, the external repairs to Enterprise are almost complete.) Ambassador. I want to apologise for what I said to you the other day. I was out of line. I'm glad we can finally agree on something.
I need to ask you some questions. It won't take long. You programmed a PADD to unlock every security door in the building. Why invest so much time and energy on things no one will ever use? Genetic engineering has caused a lot of suffering. Someone attacked a Klingon Bird of Prey. The entire crew was massacred. The ship is missing. Whoever's responsible jettisoned the Klingon crew into space. DNA was recovered from the bodies. Not quite. They were Augments. Their genetically-enhanced DNA matched embryos stolen from a medical facility over twenty years ago. Stolen by you. [Bridge] (Enterprise is still in Spacedock, and the senior staff are in casual clothes.) Soong used to work at Cold Station 12, a top secret medical research station. Along with genetically-engineered embryos left over from the Eugenics Wars. It's been kept from the public for obvious reasons. Now he now claims that he took them to a planet in the Trialus System and raised them. They were around ten years old when he was captured, a decade ago. We don't know. Neither does Soong. At least he claims he doesn't. But he does think he can convince them to surrender without a fight. There's also the fact that he spent time in the Borderland. The Klingons have threatened to retaliate with everything they've got. We're the fastest ship and the most experienced crew. We have to find the Augments and bring them back. It's the only way to avert a war. We launch in six hours. [Klingon Bridge] This is my Science Officer, T'Pol. My Tactical Officer, Lieutenant Reed. We've prepared some quarters. You'll be under guard at all times. If you should decide you need to clear your head. It's this way. (The group head off down a corridor.) I'll have the information sent to your quarters. I'll consider it. [Bridge] (Tucker is putting the finishing touches to the new Captain's chair when T'Pol brings him a PADD.) I like it. Here we are again. (He looks around at his senior staff.) ARCHER: Wouldn't have it any other way. Travis. (Umbilicals are released, the engines glow blue, and NX01 Enterprise glides out of her cradle - and zaps straight to warp.) [Ready room] I just received an intelligence report. A Klingon warship was spotted near Proxima colony. Admiral Forrest thinks they could be conducting reconnaissance for a future strike. I wanted to keep you up to date. Small chance. One other thing. (He picks up a wooden, brass-bound Interesting way of saying hello. Hoshi? Keep firing. A weapon? They took nine people, including T'Pol. How do I get them back? That's not what I asked you. (into communicator) Archer to Bridge. Set a course for Verex Three, best possible speed. What'll happen to them there? I have the feeling you've found your way in. One step at a time. [Klingon ship - corridor] Give it time. Phlox. Transponder. It has a range of ten kilometres. That's enough. Over here. (A dark-haired woman stands, but Archer gestures and she quietly sits down again.) Those devices on their necks. So if we try to beam them out? They sell their own people? Come on. (They head off to the cages of sold slaves.) T'Pol. You all right? Nine. We've located five, so far. We're working on a way to try and (into communicator) Archer to Enterprise. We've located everyone, including T'Pol. I'm going to need six kilos of tritanium cobalt. I'll explain later. Just get it ready. They normally remove the restraint after a sale. We used the extra tritanium to bribe one of the guards to deactivate it but leave it on him. T'Pol's already been sold. We don't have time to try and buy them all. T'Pol could be shipped out any second. Work fast. [Klingon ship] (A clandestine meeting is taking place.) Got it. (He distracts a guard so Soong can inject him with something. It takes a few sways, but the giant finally topples onto his back. They're seen by someone though, as Soong goes to the control panels and starts working with the code. In the main market, the Slaver and her Tellarite purchaser comes for T'Pol.) Trip, start beaming them, five at a time. (Soong knocks him down with an Orion pain stick too.) Trip, have you got everyone? [Bridge] Locate him and beam him up. (Soong uses the Orion pain stick directly against where the transponder was injected.) [Bridge] Can you scan for his biosign? [Bridge] Trip, two to beam up. [Brig] (Archer is pacing up and down outside, furious.) You knew exactly where the Orions were operating. You knew they'd abduct members of my crew. Maybe you were even hoping they'd get you. You were determined to escape, no matter who got hurt. Nine of my people were nearly sold into slavery. Two of them may have permanent physical damage because of the restraints. Is that supposed to justify what you did? Then tell me how to find the Augments. You know where they're going. They're dangerous. Why me? My father has nothing to do with this. I'm going to find them, Doctor, whether you help me or not. [Sickbay] (A somewhat crowded area, with seven patients lying on beds, and one sitting up reading a PADD.) This is Captain Archer of the Starship They were members of my crew. You kidnapped them. That isn't going to happen. (another bang) Malcolm. (The ships exchange phaser fire.) Torpedoes. (Reed's console explodes in flames) When he tried to escape, I saw him access a console. In the Brig. I can't allow that. My ship wouldn't have been in danger if we hadn't come looking for you. My orders are to take you back to Earth. You attacked a Klingon vessel. They're threatening war. You think he was talking about you? Soong, listen to me.
Someone attacked a Klingon bird-of-prey. The entire crew was massacred, the ship's missing. They were Augments. Everything you'd need to keep a small colony of humans alive. Looks like this place doubled as a classroom. Trip? I need to know exactly what kind. It's important. I'll be damned. (Malcolm and the MACOs explore some passageways cut into the rock, when a young man tries to avoid them.) We're not going to hurt you. We just want to talk. Malcolm. (Reed lowers his phase pistol.) See? We're friends. I'm Captain Jonathan Archer. We're from Earth. (Smike tries to attack him with a knife, but is easily disarmed and knocked out.) [Klingon ship] For an Augment, he didn't put up much of a fight. How's the jaw? I'm sorry about that, but you didn't give me much choice. I told you my name. That's an unusual nickname. His handicapped friend. Is that why you were left behind? Because you're different? Udar. I need to find out where they went, the others. I'm trying to help them. That's not true. Your brothers and sisters are in danger. They attacked a Klingon ship. If the Klingons find them before we do. Go ahead, Trip. [Trialis] I think Soong is headed to Cold Station Twelve. It's the embryos from the Eugenics Wars that Soong's after. He took nineteen, but there are over eighteen hundred more. At the time, it was too controversial. Earth's governments couldn't decide how to handle the issue, so they put them into cold storage. I just got off with Admiral Forrest. We've been authorised to use whatever force necessary to stop Soong. I need all the speed you can give me. How's the patient? Good. I just reviewed the crew manifest for C-12. One of the names is Doctor Jeremy Lucas. He's Senior Medical Director. I thought you should know. Consider it done. Phlox tells me he's ready to free up this biobed. If you've had enough Sickbay food, I'd like you to join me in the Captain's Mess. No. See you in an hour. [Denobulan ship] (The group arrive at an asteroid. The Denobulan Pilot is out cold on the floor.) Phlox tells me you'd been living on your own for quite a while. You must be pretty resourceful to survive by yourself out there. Didn't look like a very friendly planet. When you get back to Earth, you should consider going to school. You've got a lot of catching up to do. What makes you think you're going to prison? I don't know what you've been told about Earth. You're not going to be punished. Soong is not your father. (fetching a PADD) Your biological father was Miklos Karlovassi. He was a geophysicist. We got the information from Soong's computer. Your mother's name was Irina. She was an athlete, decathlon. Won a silver medal in the Olympics. We've got a lot of historical data on both your parents. You're welcome to look at it. (Smike picks up the PADD and goes through the contents.) [Mess hall] (Phlox is sitting, slouched, in front of a table laden with food.) (to drinks dispenser) Coffee. When does your hibernation begin? You're worried about Doctor Lucas? We're getting there as fast as we can, Phlox. I doubt Soong gave him the whole story. The official number was thirty million. Some historians say it was closer to thirty five. (sitting) What do you know about Clarke's syndrome? My father died of it when I was twelve. He had frequent pain, hallucinations, he talked to people who weren't there. Often couldn't recognise me or my mother. The last two years of his life Maybe Soong has a point. He broke the law. That's why he was in prison. And that's why I'm going to make sure he goes back. Denobula perfected genetic engineering a long time ago, but you never came close to destroying yourselves. Or maybe your instincts had caught up with your intellect. Food's getting cold. [Station Control Hub] Any sign of the bird-of-prey? Put it up. This only ends one way, Doctor. I'm betting you're not a cold-blooded killer. [Station Control Hub] I want proof that the hostages are unharmed. Let me speak to Lucas. (Doctor Lucas is let out of the chamber, and help securely by Malik and Saul.) Doctor. [Station Control Hub] All stop. [Station Control Hub] Bring us about. If I didn't, I wouldn't have asked you to come along. Energise. [Station Control Hub] (Doctor Lucas is tied to a chair while Malik questions him the old-fashioned way, with his fists.) How long before they run out of air in the control hub? Smike? You're going to spend the rest of your life in prison. They lied to you. Why are you so surprised? Whenever a group of people start believing they're better than everyone else the results are always the same. You need it from someone. (An alarm sounds.) T'Pol! Execute your orders! [Bridge] To initiate the station's self-destruct sequence. (Malik starts working controls.) In a few seconds, this place will be dust. It wasn't my idea. The orders came from Starfleet, but after seeing this I can't say I disagree. You've already killed over twenty five people. Your existence has a pretty high price. Leave him alone! Whatever I can do to help. (Malik throws the disrupter to Saul.) Stick around and find out. Smike. [Bridge] Where is it? (Lucas hands him a PADD and the gallant Captain heads off into the core, climbing up a central ladder.) To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
We've been authorised to use whatever force necessary to stop Soong.
I'm sorry to keep you from your family, but I'm going to need you on the investigation full-time. Your mother and husband will understand? (They arrive at the airlock and Archer works the console.) Administrator. I wasn't told to expect the head of the High Command. Twelve Vulcans died in the blast, Ambassador. Andorians? Why would they attack our embassy? So far, we've done our best to remain neutral, and the Andorians know that. They have nothing to gain by attacking us. I've never heard of that species. Surak I've heard of. He's the father of Vulcan logic. So why would these Syrrannites want to attack our embassy? It's hardly an act of logic. Is there any evidence connecting Syrrannites to the bombing? I intend to. [United Earth Embassy] Since you had her DNA on record, does that mean she's been arrested before? Do you know anything about her? All right. We've got a solid start. Now we need to find her. Of course. Vulcan sovereignty. Lieutenant Reed and Commander T'Pol will work with you. Chief Investigator. Forty three people died in the bombing. Twelve Vulcans and thirty one humans. We want her as much as you do. If you're lost, Ambassador, I can direct you to your shuttle. He always put the mission first. We have to make that possible, despite the High Command. We have DNA evidence. A Syrrannite? And she never told you? Like T'Pau. Looks old. Eighteen hundred years ago? And you think your mother is somewhere along that path? She didn't want Koss to know about the map. With any luck, we can use this to find your mother, and T'Pau. [Corridor] (in casual clothes) It's a Vulcan desert. I expect it'll be hot. I'll be careful. You've got Enterprise. You and Malcolm keep the investigation going up here, and whatever the Vulcans tell you, believe the opposite. (They arrive at the transporter alcove.) Present company excepted. Ambassador. It already has. Energise. (T'Pol and Archer beam down to Vulcan.) [Vulcan] (The sand glares white and the rocks are pink beneath the orange sky.) You keep saying supposedly. You don't believe Surak did the things they said he did? There must be some record of it. Let me guess. With the originals lost, whatever's left is open to interpretation. I find it familiar. We should get moving. [The Forge - night] (Archer gazes at lights in the sky.) I thought technology didn't work here. No wonder the Syrrannites like it here. What the hell was that? How long before it starts to lose interest in us? You had one of those? How slightly? Porthos doesn't try and eat me when I'm late with his dinner. I can believe that. [Sickbay] Sounds like that Klingon opera Hoshi made us listen to. (There's another sound, and the sehlat leaves. A voice calls up to them.) That's quite a trick. Jonathan Archer. May we ask your name? We could ask you the same thing. I'm on a pilgrimage to study Surak and logic. T'Pol is my teacher. If it's all the same, I'll walk with you, too. I'll stick to the sand-covered parts wherever I can. (He offers his water bottle.) You'd better protect your eyes from the glare. Ever since I met T'Pol. I'm new at this. You tell me. I'm familiar with Newton's First Law of Motion. I imagine they're pretty much the same. Have you? I've dealt with the High Command. Vulcans can lie and cheat with the best of them. That only leaves one option. We have to tell him what he wants to know, the truth. Is that going to be a problem? You seem to know a lot about us. I'm guessing that means you know why we're here. How long do these sand-fire storms usually last? Maybe we should be. They seem to think that it is. That you and your leader believe in a corrupted version of Surak's teachings. What's a katra? Syrrannite's conduct mind-melding? I've been told Vulcans have never been explorers. T'Pol! (He tends to her.) Easy, easy, easy. Arev. Carry what? (Arev puts his hand on Archer's face.) Arev. (sees his body) I'm fine. He said something in Vulcan. Vokau. I think he punched me. The storm's over? He said we weren't far from the T'Kareth Sanctuary. We should keep moving. They're following a grid search pattern. No sensors, but they can still make visual contact. We have to find cover before the sun comes up. That way. That's where the Syrrannites are. (refusing water) I'm good for a few more days. Right. (He drinks.) No. Over here. (A rock face.) Don't resist.
What's a katra?
Surak.
We're already getting back data. Congratulations, Emory. On my way. [C deck, section 5] (With weapons at the ready, the Captain and a pair of MACOs join T'Pol where the lights are flickering.)
Engaging quarantine. Entering the quarantine zone. [Decon chamber] I take it you've been watching. Then you know you're in command? I would like to think you'll stay in command. Don't let Admiral Gardner sneak in someone over your head. I know you will. I need to look after Trip now. [Sickbay] I'll let you know right away. Archer out. [Sickbay] (Archer goes over to Tucker, who sounds as if he is having trouble breathing. He puts his hand on his friend's chest, then looks at the monitor. Tucker dies.)
Is that so. Maybe you'd sleep better in the Cargo bay. This is a Starship, not a luxury liner. If you're not satisfied with the accommodations, we can leave you behind in a shuttlepod. Maybe you'll have better luck with whoever picks you up. And if you don't like Chef's food, don't eat it. From the looks of things, you should probably skip the dessert table while you're at it. I can't believe I'm supposed to speak to their ambassador like that. Even if they have nothing to complain about? A species that actually thrives on arguing. They probably make good politicians. Thanks for the dry run. You think he's mangy? Everything ready for our guests? Mud bath? Babel's on the far side of Andorian space. They won't allow Tellarite ships to pass through their territory. This trade dispute is a little more urgent. It could turn into a shooting war if the conference fails. [Launch bay] (A shuttlepod has just arrived, and an honour guard of MACOs join Archer and senior staff to welcome their guests aboard.) You people are even uglier than I remember. Captain Jonathan Archer. Welcome aboard. Funny. I was about to say the same thing about you. Warm enough? Again? You don't feel free to speak your mind with the rest of us? No. Maybe you'd like to explain it to me. Why don't you change your uniform before you stink up the place. When in Rome. Forget it. What a surprise. (Gral is standing by a window.) A few minutes ago. They helped save my planet. Earth wants a peaceful outcome just as much as you do. That isn't going to happen if we choose sides. It doesn't seem that you have a lot of other options. (Gral returns to the main table set with brightly coloured foods.) I'm told these are authentic Tellarite dishes. I'll have him whip something up. How long to intercept them at maximum warp? Alter course. Contact Babel. Let them know we're going to be delayed. (Two hours later -) Bring them into the Launch bay. Tell Phlox to stand by for casualties. [Sickbay] (The place is full of injured Andorians, and Shran is keeping close watch as Phlox examines a young woman.) Nineteen. Your distress call said you were attacked. It's not a coincidence. We're carrying the Tellarite delegation. These aren't the people who attacked you. Shran! (Archer stops him from storming out.) ARCHER: You're on my ship. What about the black box? Tellarites. Set course for Andoria, best speed. [Gral's quarters] The Andorian sensor logs. Look them over yourself. You saw the debris field. I want you to speak to your people. Find out what you can. Let's get something straight. You're just a passenger on my ship. I give the orders. Back to Andoria. If you're innocent, I'm sure you have nothing to worry about. [Captain's mess] (Shran and Archer are splitting a bottle of blue Andorian Ale.) From what I saw, she was a fine ship with a good crew. I didn't realise there was something going on between the two of you. What changed? I hope you made the right decision. I seem to have a knack for it. It doesn't make sense. Why agree to a conference, then attack your ambassador? Tellarites claim they've lost ships of their own. Go ahead. You expecting company? (Shran shakes his What the hell are they doing? Call them off. Phase cannons, return fire! We need to get through their shields. How? They're going to kill all of us if you don't do something. Fire when ready. Shran! (There's a big explosion on the Bridge.) Torpedoes, maximum yield. (Another plume of flame behind them.) Good work. Your government asked us to be a part of a conference, and now you're attacking us! What? That's enough! You want to fight, I'll throw both of you in the Brig. You can tear each other to pieces. [Gral's quarters] T'Pol's found something you're going to want to see. They're identical. We've confirmed the data. I don't know what I'm suggesting, but we need to keep our minds open. You're speaking to my First Officer. Go ahead. [Engineering] We've located the warp trail of the ship that attacked us. We're going to follow it. It'll take four days to get to Andoria. By then, that ship'll be long gone. [Captain's mess] (Archer is just staring out of the window while T'Pol eats.) Just not hungry. Do you think we're moving too fast? That's not what I meant. Earth's got a lot riding on the outcome of these talks, but I'm not sure we knew what we were getting into. These people have been feuding for over a century. Maybe we should've let your government handle this. Aside from breathing oxygen, it doesn't seem to me that Andorians and Tellarites have a hell of a lot in common. Hoshi tells me you got a transmission from Vulcan this morning. I'm sorry to hear that. Archer. We're on our way.(A very strange ship is hanging in space, looking like a nautilus or similar, with antennae instead of tentacles.) [Control area] (The crew we see are Romulans, and there is someone with a metal helmet over their head, with lots of wires attached to it.) You said you found the Andorians. Hail them. Magnify. Any idea what the spikes are? For what purpose? (to Reed) Find out who these people are. Take a team of MACOs with you. Bring Trip along. See if he can get it working. [Romulan ship] (A party of four space-suited men beam aboard the 'Nautilus'.) Evasive maneuvers. Get our people back. [Romulan ship] (The ship's extraordinary manoeuvres have everyone falling over.) Switch to auxiliary. (to Reed's lady stand-in) Target their weapons only. (Down in the transporter alcove, the other MACO arrives just before the device explodes.) Did we get everyone? T'Pol. Archer to Trip. [Romulan ship] Get us out of here, Travis. Maximum warp. [Command area] (The person in the helmet is busy moving their fingers and turning their head.) Let's see what those new injectors can do Maintain your heading. [Shran's quarters] Come in. Do we have any idea who built it? The Romulan minefield. But the power cells on those mines were much larger and more primitive. If this is a Romulan ship, why would they be stirring up trouble so far from home? We've never threatened them. As far as I know, neither have the Andorians or Tellarites. Maybe they're afraid of something else. The species in this region have a history of not getting along. This conference could've been the first step in changing that. The conference has been postponed indefinitely. It doesn't sound like there's going to be an alliance any time soon. Anything from Trip? Well, keep me updated. [Romulan ship] (Tucker uses his phase pistol to cut open a door lock.) What did you find? Malcolm analysed the Andorian debris. He said that ship was destroyed by Tellarite weapons. Go ahead. On my way. Get the MACOs down there. Seal off G deck. [Gral's quarters] (Shran has his gun to Gral's head while Talas keeps Naarg quiet.) Shran, listen to me. The ship that attacked you wasn't Tellarite. I can prove it was someone else. (He lowers his phase pistol.) You're both being set up. Your ship was attacked because someone didn't want this conference to go forward. I'm asking you, one captain to another. Look at the evidence before you do something you're going to regret. (Shran deactivates the phase rifle and hands it over. Naarg takes advantage of Talas' distraction to grab her weapon and shoot her with
 Previously on Enterprise 
Trip, Malcolm, we can make one more pass. Get the hell out of there.
We could use a little more speed. Bridge to T'Pol. We're approaching the coordinates. Go ahead. We're out of options, Travis. Five point two.
We have forty seven minutes until our reactor breaches. They altered our engineering subroutines. If we go below warp five, the reactor's going to explode. I've just been talking with Trip. Columbia can rendezvous with us in thirty minutes. He says he can restore the subroutines. We're going to bring him onboard. Trip told me you have experience transferring personnel at warp speed. We don't have weeks. T'Pol's doing the calculations now. At warp five, we'll have to move within fifty metres of each other. Travis can handle the flying. Can you get Trip over here? This is Archer. Stand by, Columbia. Archer to Reed. [Launch bay] This is the Bridge. All hands brace for warp field contact. [Launch bay] (Reed watches Colombia appear in the open launch door. Enterprise jolts as they get close.) Make sure everything's ready for Trip in Engineering. (T'Pol leaves the Bridge) Archer to Reed. You're all clear. T'Pol, what's happening? [Engineering] But keep the field constant. Engineering, report! [Engineering] You all right, Trip? [Launch bay] But if we shut down the reactor. They won't be able to hold us for more than a minute or two. They don't have enough power. [Launch bay] Shortcut? I'll contact Columbia. [Corridor] (Tucker and Reed have taken off their EV suits, and the two MACOs are waiting.) Go ahead. Archer to Trip. Ready when you are. [Engineering] Understood. [Engineering] Fifteen seconds, Trip. [Engineering] Four, three, two. (The warp field flares bright again around the two ships as the engine comes back to life.) [Bridge] Stand by. Enterprise to Columbia. Thanks for the lift. [Colombia Bridge] Any plans for the next few days? [Colombia Bridge] Not when they affect my ship. T'Pol restored everything you tried to erase. We ran his face and voiceprint through our database. His name is Harris. He worked in Starfleet Security up till five years ago. After that, his file ends. I won't accept that. You endangered every member of this crew. You answer to me. I thought I knew you, Malcolm. Whatever hold this Harris has on you, you could have come to me. I'm your commanding officer! If you don't tell me what's going on, I'll go to Starfleet. Whatever you think you've been trying to keep hidden, Is that what you want? Is that what you want?! Then let me talk to someone who can. Send a message to Harris. [Laboratory] Can Kelby handle it? Something else? Nothing I can get into right now. I get the feeling you miss Phlox, too. Maybe it's just the stash of cheese he's got in Sickbay. (his monitor beeps) Hold that thought. Where's my doctor? Phlox was kidnapped. Starfleet would never authorise that. What threat? Klingons attacked my ship. Is that what we're talking about? You put him in an impossible position. You're going to have to do better than that. What else would you call it? How do you feel about it now? Did Harris tell you about this? (He hands over a PADD,) I had T'Pol take a closer look at our prisoner's medical scans. I'm guessing the plague is a side effect of a military experiment that went wrong. Harris claims he's doing this because Starfleet needs a stable Klingon Empire. I don't trust him. If the Klingons needed our help, there are easier ways to get it. There's a way out of this. I don't have to put you back in the Brig, but you have to choose where your loyalties lie. As you were. (Reed takes back his station from a woman.) How long until we reach Qu'Vat? Open a channel to Captain Hernandez. [Laboratory] (Antaak and the other two Klingons are in the background.) We know Phlox was taken to Qu'Vat Colony to work on a cure. We're going to be there in less than an hour. Phlox will be in the medical facility. We need the co-ordinates. If you don't want to help us, help your people. [Qu'Vat Colony] (Phlox has gone to the Augment's barracks.) You all right? I came to get my doctor back. I have two ships in orbit, heavily armed. Keep working. Archer to Enterprise. Tell the Klingons we have the cure. Enterprise, respond! You don't have to do that. My doctor can stop the plague. [Klingon Bridge] How strong are the shields around this place? I'm sure they're doing everything they can. Archer to Enterprise. [Bridge] (As Enterprise makes another pass on Krell's ship, the other two Klingons chase and attack.) How much longer? Can you speed that up a little? Phlox, I've got an idea. If we want to get out of here in one piece, we've got to get that cure, and we're got to get it fast. I don't see any other humans around. Will it give you the cure? Let's get started. This virus may be our best weapon against Krell. Ready when you are. (Phlox straps him into the chair.) [Colombia Bridge]  Not too bad aside, from some strange cravings. A plate full of live gagh sounds pretty good right now. One of us needs to get some exploring done. Thanks for your help. I asked Trip to stick around for a little while to help us out with repairs.
Sounds promising. And that is? Can't wait to find out. Let's see it. (A rounded, green ship is on the viewscreen.) Tactical Alert. Let's see what they want, Hoshi. And you are? And you're targeting mine. It seems we're at an impasse. Instead of sitting here pointing guns at each other, why don't we deactivate our weapons together? Now, what can we do for you? I'm listening. We've dealt with your people before. The experience wasn't one I care to repeat. If you can give me some idea what this is about? I have a feeling he'd see it as an insult. Any chance to improve relations with the Syndicate, I'm willing to take that risk. Anything to have one less hostile species out there. (Archer and the two MACOs beam over to the Orion ship.) [Engineering] Delicious. Favourable, I hope. With all those people after me, I need to stay quick on my feet. You said you had something important to discuss with us. I'd have to agree with my tactical officer. He claims he's discovered a planet with large deposits of magnesite. Enough to build a thousand warp reactors. And that's just what his scanners could detect. He's offering to give us the coordinates. He doesn't have the infrastructure to get the magnesite out of the ground. And he'll get a ten-percent share. He's also promised to help establish a dialogue between Starfleet and the Orion Syndicate. I already have. Harrad-Sar insisted that I accept a gift to celebrate the transaction. Given the situation, I couldn't refuse. [Corridor] (Malcolm is escorting three green women, and whenever they pass a crewman, another tongue is added to their red carpet.) Concerns? You're telling me. The crew isn't used to having Orions on board. I get the picture. Or lack of it. (his grin fades away at her look) I'll see about assigning them some clothes. I'll speak to them first chance I get. Navaar, you and your sisters don't belong to me, or anyone else. (Navaar nuzzles his neck.) On my world, slavery's been illegal for hundreds of years. I'm saying that you're here as our guests not our property. You're free to start a new life. In the meantime, I've asked my protocol officer, Hoshi Sato, to brief you on ship's operations. There are certain areas that are reserved for Starfleet personnel. There's no reason to apologise. It's a big adjustment for the three of you. I'd be lying if I said no. Not necessarily. Archer here. I'll be right there. [Bridge] (Archer seems drunk or drugged when he finally arrives on the Bridge.) Go ahead. Harrad-Sar was telling the truth? Keep scanning. I want to know how much is down there. I'm fine. A ship? Try hailing them. Get us closer, within ten kilometres. Phase cannons. Which means they won't be shooting at us anymore. And maybe they won't. Target them. Lieutenant. Lock phase cannons! When can we get underway? Kelby. Tell me what happened. Three other people were there. They all saw you. Tell me why you did this. Kelby. Not till I get some answers first. All right. Doesn't seem to be affecting you. (holding up a device) We found this in your quarters. It's a communication device. You've been in contact with Harrad-Sar as recently as two hours ago. You were sent here to disable my ship. That was his plan from Doctor Phlox believes that prolonged exposure to your pheromones makes men delusional, and extremely vulnerable to suggestion. That's how you convinced Kelby to sabotage our engines. Damn it! It's time to start telling me the truth! I'm not the one you should be worried about. I'm a lot better at carrying them out. Tell me. When's he going to attack us? Get down to Engineering. Do what you can to help Trip. I don't need you to look after me. I can handle it. We need to get the engines back online. I don't want to be a sitting duck when Harrad-Sar gets here. You have your orders. [Engineering] Tactical Alert. Distance. Put him up. Then take out his. (Some shots are exchanged, but the Orion gets in more hits than Enterprise.) Protect our aft cannons. Archer to Engineering. [Engineering] To the thrusters? [Engineering] Hard to starboard. Torpedoes. Thrusters. Full astern. We're not going anywhere. Release my ship! They control you? The deflector? And disable his power systems. Do it. Get off my bridge. (Navaar tries to climb inside Archer's uniform.) Lieutenant Reed. (Reed is totally distracted by D'Nesh.) Take T'Pol to the Brig. (getting an injection) Okay. (Then he nearly falls off the biobed.) Glad to hear that. Well done. You'll be glad to know my log won't mention your firing on a fellow officer. Was that my imagination? It almost sounded like you were making a joke. T'Pol, if I didn't know better, I'd think you were picking up some of Trip's bad habits. [Corridor leaving Sickbay]
They call this progress. What exactly did Mister Terev do? Did you get a chance to look over my proposal? And? You saw the data. This technology would give us a tactical advantage. We could end the war tomorrow. Sir? My only concern is saving the Empire. Captain, you're making a mistake. Understood. [Forrest's quarters] (They seem somewhat larger than we're used to.) Don't! Lock him in the Brig. I want him alive. If anything happens to Forrest, I'll shoot you myself. Are we clear, Major? Stand aside, Commander. This is First Officer Archer. In accordance with Starfleet orders this date [Forrest's quarters] (Hoshi is lying in bed, reading.) No crew in Starfleet has been tested more in battle. I know I can count on each of you to perform your duty to the best of your ability. Nothing will impede our march toward victory. Long live the Empire. It was sent on a private channel. All in good time. Alter our heading. Two one five mark thirteen. Maximum warp. (to the female MACO) Corporal, escort Commander T'Pol to Cargo bay two. You'll find a Suliban cloaking device there. Bring it to Engineering and help Tucker install it. We're going to need the cloak to complete this mission. Enterprise Starlog, Captain Jonathan Archer. The crew has accepted the change of command without incident. Chief Engineer Tucker reports we'll have cloaking capability within six hours. [Ready room] (Where the pictures of various Enterprises used to hang, there are now racks of historic weaponry.) Appear? All I require from you is your loyalty. Do I have it? I'm glad we can agree on something. Do you recognise this? (holds up a gun) It belonged to Zefram Cochrane. He used it to kill the first Vulcan who stepped onto Terran soil. I wonder how history would have played out if Cochrane hadn't turned the tables on your invasion force. Humans might be your slaves instead of the other way around. You're Vulcan. Never forget that. How long until we cross into Tholian space? There's a warp signature encoded on this. Notify me the moment you find it. There is. I'm promoting you to First Officer. Reed is a capable soldier, but he has trouble following orders. And I know he has ambitions of his own. Maybe this is my way of saying thank you to you and your people. Without Vulcan technology, the Empire wouldn't be where it is today. Dismissed. [Archer's quarters] Serving as my personal guard will have its privileges. You'll have your own quarters, better food. You'll accept orders from me and me alone, is that clear? You already have the job, Sergeant. Don't talk yourself out of it. (A Rottweiler growls) Don't mind Porthos. He hasn't had his dinner yet. (Doorbell I'll take that as a compliment. He's safe. Not right now. He'll remain alive as long as you don't cause any trouble. No hidden distress signals to Starfleet. I need you and your expertise. You saw an opportunity for advancement, and you took it. I've never been one to argue with tradition. (They kiss, and she pulls a knife from the back of her bodice and he takes it off her, all the time with their lips glued together.) Maybe we should keep our relationship on a professional level. Go ahead. On my way. I expect you to be in a better mood when I get back. [Bridge] Power the tractor emitters. Disable his ship. I don't want the pilot injured. (A barrage of torpedoes hit the blue dart ship.) Major! Lock on the transporter. Beam him into the Decon Chamber. Archer to Sickbay. We beamed a Tholian into Decon. [Sickbay] How is he? Will it understand me? (Hoshi nods, and Archer peers into the Decon Chamber. He sees nothing, then suddenly a very red hot alien jumps up into view, startling everyone.) I'm Captain Archer. You're on board the Terran flagship, Enterprise. Answer my questions, or you will be harmed. I want to know where you're holding the Terran vessel you captured. Tell me what I want to know. Take it down another fifty. Go on. What the hell is that? No. I need to keep it alive for now, until I can verify what it's told us. Find some way to knock that thing out. Can you repair the cloak? You have six hours. The cloak's your first priority. (to Reed) Someone's responsible for what happened. Find out who. Get the cloak online. [Brig] Who sabotaged the cloak? I know Admiral Black has an agent on Enterprise. I want the name. (to Travis) Go to his quarters, search his personal files. Look for messages from Starfleet. If that's right, then why are you in the Brig? That junction's supposed to be off-limits. How? Who ordered you to sabotage the cloak? I checked the records. Admiral Black recommended you for Chief Engineer. He insisted Forrest replace his own man with you. You're working for the Admiral, aren't you? What have you told him? What have you told him? Break him. [Archer's quarters] (Hoshi and Archer are in bed together.) The data I gave you. Did you transmit it to the Fleet Admiral? Insurance policy. (He sits up.) Tucker's a competent engineer. If he wanted to damage the cloak, he could have done a much better job. Computer, locate Commander T'Pol. The sensors were damaged by the overload. Stay here. [Brig] (T'Pol and her Vulcan allies stage a jail break just as Archer gets there. There's a gunfight in the corridor, then Archer ducks into a turbolift.) Having trouble? Autonavigation can't be released until we've reach the coordinates I've set. I can't. They've been encrypted with a random code. We'll arrive at the co-ordinates long before then. (sarcastically) The Bridge is yours, Captain. [Agony booth] You going to shoot me now or wait for court-martial? The Tholians are a little more open-minded than your people. They detonated a tricobalt warhead here, inside the gravity well of a dead star. The explosion created an interphasic rift. A doorway into another universe. The rift was unstable. It was too dangerous to send one of their own ships through, so they transmitted a distress call into the opening, hoping to lure a ship from the other side. Their plan worked brilliantly. The Tholians rely on outside labourers. Humanoids. Some of them can be bought for the right price. My contact transmitted these images before his signal was jammed. Computer, enhance grid three alpha. (Just sticking out of the moon is the saucer section of NCC1764.) According to some theories, everything that exists in our universe should also exist there. The Tholians quantum-dated a piece of the hull. This ship is not only from another universe, it's from another time. About a hundred years into the future. Imagine the technology we can find on that ship. New tactical systems, advanced bio-weapons. Engines that can reach speeds we can only dream of. All of it ours for the taking! Magnify the moon on the far right. (There's the ship from the briefing - TOS era design, USS Defiant.) [Situation room] Any sign of the crew? Destroy it? We have to take the ship with us. Sir, you can't do this. They're gutting the ship. (They come across a figure in a red shirt lying on a corridor floor.) This must be the Captain. Get started. [Bridge] How much longer? Stand aside, Commander. Can you bring weapons and engines online? (referring to the bodies on the floor) Give me a hand with them! (Meanwhile, the Enterprise escape pods are being picked off one by one. Forrest is at helm, the doing a Janeway impression.)
 Previously, on Enterprise. T'POL [Conference
People are watching. Clap louder. That's an order. That's enough. (Archer leads his people down to meet Nathan Samuels.) Far from it, Minister. Whatever we can do to help. Samuels likes the spotlight, and he's welcome to it. Go ahead. And? If we made an announcement, someone might come forward with information. How? We got a taste of it. I can't believe we're talking about more than a small minority. Maybe I just have a little more faith in humanity than you do. This isn't about finding someone else to watch our backs. All right. I was hoping you'd have some word on the investigation. My Engineer and Science Officer are eager to get some answers. There's got to be something we can do. It's Captain Archer. I want you to talk to an old friend. [Dockside, night] (A seagull cries, then a voice comes from the mist.) Ambassador. I want everything Starfleet has on the investigation. Because the Chief Investigator turned me down. You can change his mind. Susan Khouri was a member of Terra Prime. Not as troubling as something else we learned. You were once a member. That's why you wanted this kept quiet. You were eighteen. I don't care what you did when you were young, Minister. I need your help. Thank you. [Travis' quarters] (He's in casual clothes, working at his computer when the doorbell chimes.) Like mining colonies. Tell Travis to see what he can do. I need to speak to Gannet. Come with us. You reconfigured your universal translator to record messages from all the other translators. You were spying on the delegates. We did a background check. In the last month, you made three trips to the lunar colony. Depends on what you're doing there. Two of my crewmen are at Orpheus Mining Complex. We've lost contact with them. Are they in danger? Take her to the Brig. Get her whoever she wants. (Reed takes Gannet away.) I'm sorry, Travis. Archer. Can you identify it? Hail them. Pursuit course, Travis. Tell Starfleet Command we're going after them. [Orpheus Bridge] Where?
Block that transmission. Target his ship. Take out their communications. Open a channel to Starfleet. Scan Paxton's ship for Vulcan biosigns. Get a transporter lock on the baby and T'Pol. Get us out of here. (The verteron beam strikes out at Enterprise.) Damage? We'll consider ourselves warned. Set a course to Earth. [Starfleet Command] Paxton's holding two of my officers hostage at the array. We can't attack it. It's not just the hostages. Any attack on the array will trigger a massive explosion that could kill thousands of colonists. I'll take in a small team. We'll break into the facility and stop them. If he can't see us, he can't destroy us. [Orpheus Medical Facility] Comet Burke, deflected by the array eight years ago. Set to hit the north pole of Mars at dawn. Enterprise will destroy the array as ordered. [Orpheus - T'Pol's room] (T'Pol has the baby in her arms when Paxton comes in.) Bridge to Engineering. [Engineering] All right, Travis, let's hitch a ride to Mars. Keep the sensors locked on the array. The moment it powers up I remember when you used to jump every time the engines hiccupped. Don't get too used to that chair. I'm going to want it back. Thirty minutes to the atmosphere. We're picking up ionisation from the upper atmosphere. (The comet hurtles towards the Martian icecap. There's a sudden jolt in the pod.) Hull plating's offline. Hull temperature climbing! We're coming in too hot. (The pod is tumbling in the wake of the disintegrating comet.) Five seconds to impact. (The comet hits, and the shuttlepod sails through.) Get close to that ridge line. The verteron array is on the other side of that rise. We'll head through there. [Orpheus Central Control] (T'Pol is hauled in by Josiah.) The guard's still walking away. Where's T'Pol? Enterprise has orders to destroy the complex. [Orpheus Central Control] Step away from the controls. Archer to Enterprise. We're inside the control room. [Bridge] Shut it down. The room's depressurising. Get Malcolm out of here! Go! (Travis and Phlox drag the stricken Reed out of the room, and Archer gets to his stricken engineer.) That might've worked for the moon, but the galaxy's a lot more crowded than we thought. It's an opportunity. It's over, Paxton. With a little help from you. It's Archer. Are you still with Samuels? [Mess hall] Is Ensign Masaro there? [Mess hall] We think Masaro may be working for Terra Prime. [Mess hall] Reed and Mayweather are on their way. [Mess hall] You don't want to do this. Give me the phase pistol. That's an order. Ensign. Ensign! [Sickbay] (The loving parents are at the incubator of their dying child. Tucker's left arm is in a sling.) I know. Up until about a hundred years ago, there was one question that burned in every human, that made us study the stars and dream of traveling to them, Are we alone? Our generation is privileged to know the answer to that question. We are all explorers, driven to know what's over the horizon, what's beyond our own shores. And yet, the more I've experienced, the more I've learned that no matter how far we travel, or how fast we get there, the most profound discoveries are not necessarily beyond that next star. They're within us, woven into the threads that bind us, all of us, to each other. The final frontier begins in this hall. Let's explore it together. (Soval rises to his feet and begins the applause.) [Corridor]
