Surak. Admiral Maxwell Forrest's Personal Log. I've arrived on Vulcan, hopeful that the High Command is finally ready to conduct joint missions with Starfleet. [United Earth Embassy] The path is safe again. You're a human. Travelling with a Vulcan. Curious. (The pair climb down to him.) Arev. Does it? Why are you here? I follow the path of Surak in meditation and study. And you? (to T'Pol) I welcome you to walk with me. (to Archer) But this is no place for your kind. Turn back. This desert's called The Forge for a reason. It will test you and destroy you. [The Forge - daylight] (The three are walking on a rocky ridge above an expanse of pink sand.) The Plain of Blood. Some say Surak crossed this expanse when the hot blood of battle still flowed green. But with logic, he cooled it. How long have you tried to understand Vulcan logic? Very well, student of Surak. Who said, Logic is the cement of our civilisation with which we ascend from chaos using reason as our guide? Something more basic then. What's Kiri-kin-tha's First Law of Metaphysics? You haven't been truthful about your presence here. Vulcans do not lie. The High Command does not follow Surak's true path. No wonder you humans are their allies. (Arev walks on ahead) Over here! [Cave] Help me with this. The sand-fire can still reach us. (They block the entrance with a stones. Arev sees T'Pol's medallion.)  I know this. How did you get this medallion? T'Les. The daughter of T'Les serves on a human starship. You're the human responsible for the destruction of the monastery at P'Jem. The High Command defiled P'Jem when they used it to spy on Andoria. You exposed their hypocrisy. Your mother is safe with the others, at the T'Kareth sanctuary. It's not far. I'll guide you both there when the storm has passed. [Sickbay] A day. Perhaps two. I've never seen one this strong. But we're safe here, and we're in no hurry. That's not our way. Did your mother tell you the story? Infinite Diversity in Infinite Combination. Words that are a mere shadow of its true meaning. (she hands it over) Surak tells us that the story of the IDIC has no end. But it begins here, at Mount Seleya. His body, yes, but his katra was spirited away before the last battle against those who marched beneath the Raptor's wings. Those who wanted to return to the savage ways. Some say Surak's katra was found, and now is carried by a Syrrannite so all those who meld with him may touch Surak's mind. Surak tells us it is the heritage of every Vulcan. Even those who don't believe in the practise. [Conference room] At one time, the High Command was only responsible for the exploration of space. But that's changed. I think you've been told many things about us that aren't true. (The sand-fire blows a hole in the entrance.) Reseal the entrance! (As they gather the stones, T'Pol is hit by lightning.) (at the entrance) Listen. The storm is gaining strength. (Then he is flung back by another lightning strike. Archer goes to him.) You must carry it to Sanctuary.  Tuluk to Vokau. [Corridor]
