Any last words? (The other end of the rope goes over a bough, and the knot slides round to the back of the man's neck.) I didn't know Skags believed in hell. (He fires his pistol to spook the horse and the Skag is left kicking alone in the air.) [Main Street - day] (The dead Skag is coffined.) How about a little service? Anything but that rot-gut you were pouring yesterday. (The It's Deputy Bennings, and I can bend a local ordnance if I choose. Have a seat. (he sits) I imagine you could use a drink, after what happened last night. Let's raise a glass to the dearly departed. Beg your pardon? Oh, no, wait a minute. I don't think I heard you right. You're telling me that a sober Skag had the nerve to shoot a man? I find that hard to believe. Maybe you could demonstrate. (Bennings cocks his Who the hell are you? Well, Mister Archer, you could learn a thing or two about I was just having a drink with our friend Draysik and this gentleman decided to butt in. No, we didn't. I tried to warn you, Bethany. Teaching Skags is a crime. You know that. So you say, but I'm afraid the law is the law. That's true, but this is one I have no intention of bending. (His two henchmen take hold of Bethany.) Sheriff gave you a chance to leave town. You should have taken it. (Bethany and Archer are hauled away.) [Sheriff's Office] (There's a noise outside, and the deputy on duty goes to investigate.) Sheriff wants to talk to you. [Barber shop] (The Sheriff is having his stubble carefully removed by cut-throat razor.) Drop that, whatever it is. (The pair disappear, and he is furious.) [Sickbay] (Bethany is on the operating table and Phlox is working.) You heard the story same as me. Cooper Smith said the Skags could move through thin air from one place to another. He's working with them. What was he doing out in Skagtown? Why'd he stick up for Draysik in the saloon yesterday? And who was he talking to on that little box he had? It was the Skags. They helped him escape. This is what we were afraid of, Mac. They'd try to take over again. It's time to put an end to this. I say we ride out there tonight and burn 'em out. I guarantee there'll be plenty of volunteers. You've always been too soft on them, Mac. Understood. (Bennings takes off his badge and drops it on the floor.) [Control centre] Have your men drop those guns. I never was one for talking. (His men take up crossfire positions as Reed and the MACOs take up defensive ones, but Archer stays firm.) Should have thought of that when you threw in with the Skags. Then where'd you get that machine and those weapons? Earth? You're lying.
