His people don't bury their dead, but I wouldn't expect you to know that. What difference would it have made? And the same people who lynched him would have been sitting on the jury. What do you want? I don't know where you're from, Mister Archer, but around here no one refers to a Skagaran as a man. If you'll excuse me. I'll manage. I'll ask you again. What do you want? Everyone knows about the Skagarans. Where's that? If certain people had their ways there wouldn't be any around here either. I heard about what you did in the saloon today. Deputy Bennings has a nasty temper. Why would your risk getting thrown in jail, maybe worse? So, what do you want with me? Would you like to meet more of them? (She picks up her bag and turns out the oil lamp. They leave town in her two horse buggy, watched by Bennings and his henchmen.) [Skagaran settlement] It's all right. (Archer takes a look at the wreckage of the spaceship that the settlement is built in.) You're from up north too? The children will be here soon. You said you wanted to learn something, Mister Archer. You're welcome to stay for the lesson. It's illegal to teach Skagarans. (She leaves the trio alone.) Nine times twelve, don't forget to carry the one. Yral? That's right. You're doing very well with your multiplication tables. Tomorrow night we'll start with something a little more challenging. Long division. Kret, collect the slates, please. I've brought a friend with me who'd like to learn more about your people. Who can tell Mister Archer how the humans and the Skagarans came to live together? Taliyah? And why did they do that? But the humans didn't want to work for the Skagarans, did they. (to the children) Go on home now. Go on, it's all right. (The children flee.) Nobody's being hurt here. Get away from me. (Archer grabs the henchman, there's a struggle, Bennings floors Archer.) Best I can do. Don't worry. This isn't the first time the Sheriff and I haven't seen eye to eye. You know the story. Everyone does. They used it three hundred years ago to go to Earth and bring our ancestors back here. They were building colonies, they needed workers. It was a terrible crime. That's where the stories differ somewhat. To the humans he's a folk hero, our liberator. I'm sure that's what you were taught. But the Skagarans, they call him rakh'tar. It means butcher. He and his men burned the Skagaran ship, destroyed their weapons. They murdered most of them. Entire families. Have you heard that version? Smith wrote the first laws that kept the Skagarans from going to school, owning property, even marrying. That's how they justified it. Men like Bennings are happy to carry on the tradition. (Bennings opens the cell door.) What are you doing? It's called that here, too. Where do you expect me to go? (Archer drags Bennings inside the cell.) Things won't be any different there. I feel fine. Not even a scar. You must think we're barbaric. All the things humanity's accomplished, building ships like this, travelling to other world, and we're still down there shooting each other. But it was progress all the same. You've managed to change, we haven't. Even if you could take us back, I don't think we're ready. I think you're giving us too much credit. Before people could travel through space to other planets, they had to get off the ground first. Almost forty years after my human ancestors left Earth, two brothers from Ohio became the first human beings to build a successful flying machine. Their names were Orville and Wilbur Wright. Would anyone like to see a picture of their airplane? You all would. Well, here it is, right here, and you can see here's Orville Wright, and his brother Wilbur is flying the plane. Now this is the machine that actually made <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
