Who told you this?
They should be increasing. The weapon has almost reached it's target.
Excellent. Deploy it immediately. The longer you delay, the more likely the time lines will shift against you. That's not possible. We only detect large fluctuations in the timescape. The fine details are obscured. Everything we've done has been to protect the Xindi. The time lines are in constant flux. Many of them favour the Primates and the Arboreals. Some even favour the humans. Unless that's the outcome you desire I suggest you find a way to launch the weapon. [Command centre] How do these developments affect the time line? If we don't act, the weapon will be destroyed.
Why? There's distrust amongst you. Continue. Who told you this? You want to know if they had my help. Yes. After you prohibited them from constructing the bioweapon, the reptilians and the insectoids were prepared to withdraw from the Council. I assisted them so the Council would remain unified. I protected your authority by keeping the Council intact. It was never completed, and the three reptilians were never found. There are limits to what we can do in your realm. What makes you think you can subject me to this interrogation? If it weren't for my assistance, your species would be facing destruction. Then prove it. Focus on the task at hand. The weapon is nearly complete. If you permit yourselves to become distracted, you'll fail to destroy your real enemy. The enemy of all Xindi. Don't summon me again unless every member of the Council is present. I won't help fuel your internal bickering. (She vanishes.)
We've been successful. The Xindi weapon is days away from completion. Not necessarily. Timelines are sensitive. They're prone to temporary fluctuations. It's not too late. Not everyone has forgotten what we have done for your people. You've turned away from us. Come back. I hear it in your voice. You have betrayed everything you believe in and now you're in turmoil. At one time or another you must have asked yourself why we've protected the Xindi for so long. It's because we can see a future where the Xindi are no longer fragmented, no longer struggling for existence. You are destined to become a great civilisation, and now it's all in jeopardy because of you. You created a device that will prevent a devastating attack. Your name was to be spoken with reverence for generations to come, and instead you have chosen the role of betrayer. What have we done to lose your faith? The Council is preparing to betray it's own people. He has succeeded in raising doubts about us. The arboreals, humanoids and aquatics are considering what he had to say. He should never have been allowed before the Council. And now they may decide against launching the weapon. For that to happen, three of the Xindi species must agree. Prove to them, or you? Persuasion is no longer a viable option. You must act with the insectoids. Secure the weapon. A temporary schism cannot be avoided, but eventually Reptilians will preside over a stronger unified Xindi empire. We will guarantee Reptilian dominance if humankind is eradicated.
