What about the crew? These humans. They've travelled over a hundred light years from their homeworld. Archer and his crew must've taken refuge in a nearby system. They may intend to return. What's the status of the warp engines? Make it a priority. (Palanti leaves, and he returns to the ships logs.) Yes. How much longer? Any progress? Keep working. I want helm control. [Corridor] Another ship? Answer it. Captain Archer. I didn't realise you were still aboard. Where's the rest of your crew? I'm sorry. I'm afraid I can't do that. We detected a vessel in your launch bay that belongs to three fugitives. You're in no position to do anything about it. I'm in command of this Bridge. Your vessel has been impounded under the authority of the Takret Militia. When we return, you'll be charged with criminal conspiracy. I have soldiers searching every deck. It's only a matter of time before they find you. Earth's first warp five starship? Your father's engine? I've been reading about you, Captain, and I doubt very much if you'll do anything to damage this vessel. Can you trace his signal? You have men there. Alert them. [Catwalk command area] Where's he taking us? [Catwalk command area] How long? Get me helm control! No! Soldiers, report to the docking hatch immediately. I repeat, report to the docking hatch! (In the galley, the two pick up their fallen colleague and make their exi.t) [Catwalk command area]
Crew? Tractor beam. Send a squad to the docking port. (The little ship is grabbed.) [Klingon Corridor] (Two young men are being escorted by a group of big, armed Klingons, when they stop and look at each other.) Contact the High Council. Inform them of the prisoners. Request instructions. QI'yaH! (The scene ends in a flash of disrupter fire.) [Starfleet HQ - Brig] (The cell has plenty of A4 paper with writing on, neatly arranged on the walls, and in huge piles on the floor. A familiar looking man in overalls is sitting at a table, writing. In this incarnation, he has pink skin and silver hair, not a pale face and dark hair.)
Tostka! Hwajat ajhakjahs! Sasooratt! Sasooratt! (Tucker opens the airlock, the aliens step through and the door closes.) You hailed us? We studied your database. It wasn't difficult. Yes? Yes? Describe this organism. Tendrils? We have seen this. On its home world. Perhaps it attached itself to our ship. It wasn't our fault. Apologise. We will send you the coordinates but first you must apologise to us for your offence. On your ship, you put food in your mouths. Yes. Eat. It is like mating. It is very offensive to us. We eat the same way, but not in the presence of others. Your apology is accepted.
My apologies, Captain. There's been a change of plans regarding Ambassador V'Lar. We've been having some problems with our long-range communications. The magistrate feels that we let the ambassador go too quickly. She's needed for additional questioning. We don't want to cause you any more inconvenience. If you'll drop out of warp, we can dock with you and take the ambassador aboard our ship. I'm just a transport captain. I never try to make sense of what government bureaucrats are thinking. There's really no need. We'll wait for you to confirm whatever you have to. (End transmission.) Captain. Ambassador. Just giving you a friendly warning. Are you aware that your engines are overheating? We have no quarrel with you. Give us the Vulcan and you'll be free to go. Why would you risk the lives of your crew for this criminal? Give us the Vulcan. Put her on a shuttle and bring her to our lead vessel. Prepare to be boarded. (Ends transmission.) Where is she? I didn't ask for a damage report. Where is she? I want to see her. [Sickbay] The Vulcan? Open it. Open it. (his communicator beeps) Yes? What's causing it? Report. Answer me, what's going on? We did what we came to do. That's all that matters. (He turns to leave, but the doors open to reveal -)
(oldest man) If our orbit decays any further, we'll be detected. Try to find an isolated area. Send a distress call to the High Command. (The ship burns through the atmosphere) Deploy the stabilisers.
