(a big fellow) A few hours ago. Come on, Sal. take it easy. Take it easy. Come on, now. Easy, easy. If this Nazi wasn't a human, what was he, then? All right. (He gives Alicia something wrapped in newspaper.) CARMINE: Here, it's hamburger. Germans are cutting the meat ration again. It's gonna be worth its weight in gold. Watch yourselves. (Carmine leaves them.) Can't get used to all this skulking around. We helped people get out of financial difficulty. Since when is that a crime? Just shut up and tell him. Talk! Damn, Sal. You're not following directions. That's how people get hurt. Holy mother of [Crashed shuttlepod] (Both doors are open, and no one is home.) Maybe he's wearing some kind of mask. How about if we pulled out your tongue? Get your hands off him! Just say the word, Sal. I'll take him out right here. Jesus, he looked like some kind of demon. He meant him. I don't like the looks of this. Sal! (to Archer and Alicia) Get out of here! (He returns fire and kills some Germans while others chase Alicia and Archer down an alleyway. They hide behind some barrels while Alicia keeps shooting.)
Nicky Giorgio. What do you want? He's a mechanic. Could have been worse. Could have ended up like Sal. Guess you should know. (wincing) I heard a rumour. When the soldiers cornered you and Archer, you two disappeared into thin air, like ghosts. That's what I said. But then again, I didn't believe in Nazi Martians, you know, not until I saw one myself. (He takes a communicator out of his pocket.) Want to tell me what this is? I was looking for a cigarette. What is it? I never seen a radio like this. It looks like that thing Archer took off that Martian guy, or whatever he was. Talk to him? Where is he? Alicia, you've been like a little sister to us. You're going to start keeping secrets now? [Brig] Still hunting Martians? What are we going after this time? The Loch Ness monster? [Bridge] What's so important about this facility? What I hear, you have some pretty powerful weapons yourself. I made her tell me everything. Not that I believe all of it. What do you mean, these people? I'll tell you how I can be of use to you. How about I start removing your teeth with my knuckles? Hey, give the man a prize. I'm going to kill this guy. ALICIA Carmine, Carmine! Archer, what do you want us to do? Hey, I haven't signed off on this yet. Sal went along with you, and look what it got him. If I'm gonna lose any more people, they're better be a good reason. What a way to spend a Saturday night. (Archer and Silik head for the main storage area. Silik is unarmed.) There's too many of 'em! Come on! (The New York gangsters are about to retreat when Alicia arrives with another car load of reinforcements.) It's nice to see you. (Silik lets Archer inside.) [Nazi Weapons Facility] Nicky, cover them. Oh, I'm having too much fun. Planes? Start falling back! We got to get the hell out of here! Hey, you're welcome. (A squadron of planes passes overhead.) [Bridge]
