(a female voice) The analysis of your vessel is complete. Select a method of compensation to begin the repair process. Your inquiry was not recognised. Your inquiry was not recognised. Select a method of compensation to begin the repair process. (Archer reads a display.) Time to completion, thirty four point two Earth hours. Select a method of compensation to begin the repair process. (Archer picks the plasma option.) Compensation will be due when the repairs are completed. Your vessel will then disengage immediately. All personnel are required to vacate areas that are undergoing reconstruction. The recreation facility is now available to all personnel. Enjoy your visit. [Recreation area] (Another sci-fi white room, with a few tables and chairs and a great view of Enterprise being welded up.) Your inquiry was not recognised. All personnel are required to vacate areas that are undergoing reconstruction. All personnel are required to vacate areas that are undergoing reconstruction. Your inquiry was not recognised. Your inquiry was not recognised. Any damage to these facilities will be charged to your vessel. [Sickbay] Please place your compensation on the transport platform. (Which slides out from the wall.) Please place your compensation on the transport platform. Please place your compensation on the transport platform. Your inquiry was not recognised. Incursion detected in primary data core. Vacate this section or your vessel will be compromised. Incursion detected in primary data core. Vacate this section or your vessel will be compromised. Incursion detected in primary data core. Vacate this section or your vessel will be compromised. Incursion detected in primary data core. Vacate this section or your vessel will be compromised. (Archer climbs up and starts pulling tubes out of him.) [Bridge]
(male) Unable to comply. Internal sensors are offline.
Warning. Pathogens detected in the central core.
Alert. Warp containment breach in two minutes.
Two minutes to pulse activation. (The away team burst in, in a flurry of phase pistol fire.) Ninety seconds to pulse activation. (One of Archer's shots goes through a window near Paxton.) Plasma grid offline. Firing sequence aborted. (Archer puts his oxygen mask on Tucker.) Firing sequence resumed. Pulse activation in thirty seconds. (Archer tries another very tired fist fight, then resorts to the old gun to the head ploy to get Paxton to cancel the firing sequence.) Pulse activation in fifteen seconds. Ten, nine, eight four, three, two, one. Pulse activated.
Working. (Everyone say Hi! to Majel Barrett Roddenberry's voice, in its only appearance in this series.) Working.
