(stocky, deep voiced) My name is Damrus. We've never seen other humanoids here before. This planet is no one's territory, but it's a special place for us. Drayjin meat is one of life's great pleasure. We use sensing cloaks. They keep the wildlife from spotting us. We're on an expedition. Our people have been coming here for nine generations. Taking wild animals is part of our tradition. There are higher primates here. We don't touch them. I thought you people didn't approve. Enjoying yourselves? We're heading out in six hours. I suggest you get some sleep, if you're still planning to come along. Good night. (He leaves the group.) Certainly no human females. You sure she wasn't from your vessel? On this planet, it's always night. You're surrounded by things you can hear, but not see. It can stimulate the imagination. Captain Archer, what are the chances you'd encounter a half-naked woman who you think you know dozens of light years from your homeworld? Go to sleep. If you're lucky, maybe she'll visit you in your dreams. (The hunting party is now getting ready to set out. Reed examines one of the goggles.) Among other things. We'd appreciate it. We only have two days left. To preserve Dakala, our law states that we're allowed to hunt here for four days each year. Then we have to leave. Yes. That area's particularly active. Mineral springs, steam vents. It's quite spectacular. Did you sleep well, Captain? Good. If you see any beautiful females today you'll be sure to let us know. [Jungle] (Out hunting, the group spot a hairy four-legged animal.) Drayjin. A female. They're very unpredictable. [Thermal vents] Wraith! No point in all of us chasing a sensor ghost. You two stay on the trail. Take care of our guest. We'll catch up. [Thermal vents] (Tucker is taking photographs of the vents when Archer sees her again, nearby. He goes to investigate, she runs, he follows to a small clearing.) Hold him. Burzaan, you're going to be fine but you have to be still. It was a drayjin. The females can be very aggressive, especially if they're protecting a nest. We're prepared to deal with injuries here, Captain. Thank you, Captain. Obviously, we want him to have the best treatment. You should all return to your ship. We came to this planet aware of its dangers. You didn't. To the Captain and his fine physician. Drayjin are migratory. By the time we got back, they moved on. They're more elusive than you give them credit for. Yes. The prey here is different. Imagine hunting something that can get inside your mind, sense your thoughts. Is that different enough? Does it? You saw one yourself. Your mystery woman. She was undoubtedly a wraith who wandered too close to camp. That's how they trick you. Not the way you or I would measure intelligence. It's an instinctual response. Before we learned how to spot them they killed more of us than we did of them. My father came here with eight other hunters. They drove a group of wraiths into a blind canyon. My father was sure that they had them cut off. But when they moved in the wraiths were waiting. They'd read the hunters' minds. They knew their plan. My father made it out, but only two of his friends survived. When they're afraid, they emit a chemical signature. Our scanners have been modified to detect it. It gives us an advantage. [Situation room] Stay with it. (further on, the drayjin morphs into a dead tree trunk) It has to be here. There's no way out. It may not be afraid now, but it's about to be. (They fire randomly into the dark. The wraith morphs into a giant slug, attacks and slithers off.) Something's wrong. We should have seen it. All of them? (Animal sounds come from all around, louder and louder.) Let's get back to camp. [Campsite] What are you doing here? We're fine. Strange, but we never failed on a hunt before you arrived.
