Do what? You don't know what you're talking about. I don't know who you are, but you're wrong about us. We're not genetically enhanced and we're not members of the Cabal. Didn't Colonel Grat tell you? We're dangerous. All Suliban are dangerous. We were just on our way back. Klev, please. Will you make sure she gets back? (guard nods) I'll see you in the morning. (kisses girl) Don't worry. [Bridge] It gets very cold in there at night. Sometimes I wish I was genetically enhanced. If you've come to apologize, don't. It was just a misunderstanding. Maybe you should talk to one of the Tandarans. Why don't you go and find your friends? And don't forget curfew. We're not criminals, Captain, and we're not soldiers. The only thing we're guilty of is being Suliban. As far as they're concerned, that doesn't mean anything. You believed I was a member of the Cabal, didn't you? Didn't you? All that seems to matter is the way we look. 'Be careful of their wicked smiles, their shining yellow eyes. At night, they'll squeeze right through your door and everybody dies.' The Tandaran children used to tease my daughter with that nursery rhyme. At least here, she doesn't have to hear it anymore. (clearing the plates) Detention Complex twenty six. I've heard it's one of their nicer ones. The Cabal began their attacks eight years ago. It wasn't long before the Tandarans started to question the loyalty of all Suliban living in their territory. We were rounded up, relocated as they like to say. They told us it was only temporary. It was for our own safety. 'Once the Cabal has been destroyed, you will be free to go back to your homes.' We're still waiting. There are eighty nine of us here. Thousands more in other camps. Everyone of us used to be citizens on worlds in the Tandar Sector. Did you know that I was born in the same town as one of the guards? Major Klev. I was friends with his brother when we were growing up. I'm sure they would if they still existed. Our homeworld became uninhabitable three hundred years ago. Most Suliban are nomadic, but some of us have assimilated into other cultures. My grandfather made the unfortunate decision to settle on Tandar Prime. (knock on door) Yes? It's all right. I asked them. Sajen, you're being rude. It's my wife. We were separated during the relocation. She's in one of the other camps. Her transfer was rejected again. She tried to appeal their decision, but as usual, they wouldn't listen. Midday inspection. Try to look your best. Thank you for listening. (Travis and Archer leave) Maybe I was tired of talking to you. I've lived with Tandarans all my life. They're decent people, for the most part. I was director of research at an engineering institute. It's in the Querella Province. You should see it, assuming your hearing goes well. Why not tell Grat what you know, get yourself out of here. You mean escape? A couple of years ago three men pried open one of the security grates. They tried to get to the docking bay. Yes. It's about a hundred metres away. It's where they keep Suliban ships they've impounded. Oh, they managed to get inside but before they could reach a vessel all three of them were killed. Colonel Grat made a ridiculous claim that they were armed. I appreciate the offer, Captain, but I doubt many people here would be willing to take the risk. And even if we did get to the ships and managed to lift off, there are patrol vessels in the area. All we have to do is get out of Tandaran territory. After that, we can set a course for the Niburon colonies. I know some people there. They might be willing to help us. We're getting out of here, Sajen. (referring to plan) This is the wall that I was telling you about. It's only forty metres from the docking bay. [Grat's office] The isolation block is here. He's in one of these cells. The charges? Nightly inspection. I'd better get back. See you in orbit. I'll be there soon, Narra. Go. Go! (He tries to drag his wounded colleague to safety.) [Isolation cell] (As Reed opens the door, Archer grabs him and pushes him against the wall, then)
