Good morning, sir. Sir, I need to speak with you. My equipment draws a lot of power. I'll need another twenty megawatts routed to your sensor grid.
You're not dreaming, Captain. This must be very disorienting. I apologise, but I had no choice. He did, in a manner of speaking. We have to talk, Captain, and it's essential that none of the other factions know about it. I doubt any of them would think I'd bring you here. He's you. That hasn't happened yet. I've had this same conversation with half a dozen people. It always ends up the same way. It depends on the question. It's already been screwed with, Captain. That explosion at the Paraagan colony, it wasn't supposed to happen. That's not what I mean. History never recorded the disaster. Someone violated the Temporal Accord. Someone who doesn't want your mission to succeed. Do you remember the Temporal Cold War I spoke of? Then listen to me carefully. We don't have much time. (Back on board Enterprise) Ten minutes ago, that vista was more beautiful than anything you could imagine. I had breakfast in that room less than half an hour ago. Then I was instructed to bring you here. They told me that the timeline wouldn't be safe if you boarded that Suliban ship. Someone was very mistaken. You're in the thirty first century, Captain, or what's left of it. As far as I was told that was exactly what was supposed to occur. No. It looks like it happened a long time ago. You don't understand. All our equipment, the time portals, have been destroyed. Everything's been destroyed. There's no way to send you back. To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
(Archers apartment) History never recorded the disaster. Someone violated the Temporal Accord. Someone who doesn't want your mission to succeed. (Devastated building) You're in the thirty first century, Captain. You don't understand. The time portals have been destroyed. Everything's been destroyed. There's no way to send you back. You're thinking of time travel like we're in some H.G. Wells novel. We're not. It's far more complicated. There's no way for you to understand. I don't have any answers. And you're right, I shouldn't be here. Which means you shouldn't be here either, but you are. We are. We brought you here to protect the time line. We did quite a job. It's gone. The monument. It was right here on the same street as the library. It was obviously never built. Not who. An organisation. The Federation. It doesn't exist for you, not yet. It should be right down there, if it was ever built, and even it was, it will be of no help. All the data's stored electronically. (They head to an impressive neo-classical building with a low central dome, triangular portico, tall windows, which looks very intac.t) [Library] (Massive bookshelves, librarians ladders, light streaming through the broken dome skylight.) Books made with paper. There aren't supposed to be books here. I doubt you will. Because you weren't there. I've looked through the twenty first and twenty second centuries. Everything looks right up until the Warp Five programme. After that, nothing looks right. We didn't bring a lot of people here this morning. We just brought you. Maybe you shouldn't be reading that. It wasn't just you, it was events you helped set in motion. It would have led to others. Silik wanted you, not the data disks. The people he answered to were more interested in capturing Jonathan Archer than in blaming Enterprise for the destruction of the colony. They obviously knew what role you were going to play in the months or years to come. By taking you away from the twenty second century I caused exactly what I was trying to prevent. The only chance I have of restoring my century is by getting you back to yours. Maybe we don't need a time machine. Do you have your communicator? May I? The people the Suliban were working for came from about three hundred years ago. They couldn't travel through time, but they did develop a way to send back images of themselves, to communicate through time. No, it's a little bit more complicated, but not much. We learned how to do it in high school, but we're going to need a few things that might not be too easy to find. Well done. I need you to unwrap it and pound it into small strips no more than a millimetre thick. [Reed's quarters] (Malcolm is pacing up and down when weird sounds I still have the spatial coordinates of Enterprise, but without a quantum discriminator it's going to be very tricky to contact the ship on the same day you left. Where quantum discriminators were on every desk. I made the biggest mistake in the history of time travel this morning. I don't intend to make it any worse. [T'Pol's quarters] (Two Suliban dump her back on her bed then leave. Trembling she bathes her face, then lies down again, cuddling a cushion.)
It's okay. How've you been, Jon? I am. We don't know any more than you do. History doesn't mention anything about a conflict between humans and Xindi. The events that are taking place are the result of temporal incursions. They are not supposed to be happening. Yes, they are, but the outcome hasn't reached us yet. It takes a while for changes to ripple through the time line. What about him? You have no reason not to. I wish I could say that it does, but I don't know. I told you, none of this was supposed to happen. We've detected three Xindi where they're not supposed to be. I'm not talking about the Expanse. I'm talking about Detroit, Michigan, a hundred and fifty years ago. [T'Pol's quarters] (The doorbell wakes her.)
The Federation wins the battle, they drive the enemy back into their trans-dimensional realm. If the Federation had lost, the Sphere Builders would have spread throughout the galaxy. They would have wiped out everything. This species has technology which allows them to examine alternate timelines. They've seen this future and they want to change the outcome, so they contacted the Xindi and convinced them that humanity was a dangerous threat.
He belongs to the same race that built the Spheres. They're altering this space to make it habitable for their species. You have to make the Xindi understand that humanity isn't the enemy.
This is a very important day, Jonathan. It'll only take a minute. You see the fellow in the blue jacket, near the left hand of the dais? That's you, a little more than seven years from now. You and the others are about to make history. Do you remember I told you about a Federation? I work with some people who are going to be pretty angry with me for telling you this, but you're going to be an integral part of forming that Federation. You're down there, right now, with Vulcans, Andorians and Tellarites, getting ready to sign the Charter. The membership is going to grow. Dozen, eventually hundreds of species. A United Federation of Planets. Let Reed or one of the others go to the control platform. It's too great a risk. If you're killed, none of this will happen. At least, not the way it's supposed to happen. It's essential you be a part of this. Earth. Lieutenant Reed can work with Sato. (applause in background) They are not crucial to the future of mankind. You are. You can't ignore your place in history.
This species has technology which allows them to examine alternate timelines. They've seen this future and they want to change the outcome.
 I've sent you to this point because it's here that Vosk can be stopped. If you succeed, the timeline will be restored.
