Jon. Oh, we have a lot of catching up to do. Dad, You can see he hasn't changed. Oh, God. Here we go. That's the main reactor and those are the plasma feeds, right? I've read just about everything I could find on her. I probably could describe every one of your missions. I think you know the answer. Can't argue with that. He needs me. He still hasn't gotten over Quinn. Fifteen. If this test goes well, it'll be a new start for him. Give him something to look forward to. He won't spend all of his time thinking about the past. I don't know. That's an understatement. (they head out into) [Corridor] Yeah, but it's good advice, Jonathan. I just wish I could follow it. [Erickson's quarters] I enjoyed it. (She prepares a hypospray and raises his shirt to reveal a very deformed spine.) Don't you think there's something to be upset about? We're lying to them. We could talk to Jon. He might be able to help us. It's Jon. You talk about him like he's an enemy. Did other crewmen see anything? You never said that anything like this would happen. Dad, a man is dead, and we're responsible. I'm not going to go along with this anymore. No, no. We've got to tell them the truth! I'm condemning him? How do you know he isn't already dead? Dad, Jonathan's practically family. He and Quinn were best friends. We can't do this to him, to his crew. Someone else could die before then. I wonder what he would have to say about all this. About what we're doing. Can I come in? Hey there. You must be Porthos. I've heard a lot about you. (moves to stroke him and the little dog immediately presents his tummy for scratching) He's got a lot of personality. I wanted to say that I'm sorry. I should've come to you earlier. I feel responsible. You lost a crewman. You think we can get him back? I wonder what it must be like for him, you know? Is he in pain? Is he conscious? If he is, does he think that we've forgotten about him? Quinn was everything to my father. To both of us. Getting him back is all that we've thought about for the past fifteen years. Quinn. Dad. Dad, let him go. Say good-bye to Porthos. Maybe I'll see you around. (Tucker beams the Father of the Transporter, and his daughter, away, then the group go back to their normal duties.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
