The next series of tests is being prepared. If they are the first wave of an invasion it would be best for us to remain hidden. Let them keep searching.
Nearly all of it. Three of my researchers were killed. I haven't been able to assess how much data was lost. This will obviously delay us. Months perhaps. I'm not certain. Think what you're asking me to do. Build a weapon to destroy an entire world. Do you understand how difficult, how dangerous this project is? You agreed to give me more time. You don't have enough data to construct the bio-weapon.
We're preparing to test the weapon on an uninhabited planet in the Calindra system, but we're going to need another shipment of kemocite. At least one hundred kilograms. A matter of weeks.  [Command centre] We did surprise them by arriving early. You could learn something from them. Patience, for example. Where's Gralik? Without his analysis I can't proceed. If you saw the drone, you knew we were here. Why didn't you return? What are you doing? Finish quickly.  [Ridge overlooking refinery] We appreciate your efforts. Perhaps. (In the shuttle, Archer swaps a canister of kemocite for the modified one.) It concerns all of us. We've learned there's a threat to our people. A ruthless alien species. If we don't act, they'll destroy us. (Archer is running off to the hills. The reptilian turns to follow Gralik's gaze and sees nothing) Take pride in what you've done here.  [Bridge]
Where are the others? power readings. I wouldn't want you to be disappointed with the results. Deploy the weapon. (A big ball is dropped towards a moon.) We can't identify it. Abort the test. Return the weapon to the launch platform. [Xindi Council chamber] Activate all defence systems. Contact the other vessels and have them intercept that ship. [Xindi Council chamber] I'll resume contact when I can. Deactivate your scans and leave, or we'll destroy you. The device was building to an overload. We were forced to shut it down. Time to analyse the data. [Xindi Council chamber] What is it?
What their names are.
It's only been a day since we were enemies. DEGRA [Command centre] [on
I don't know what you're talking about.
The quantum dating confirms it. It's from the future.
And you had no authorisation to launch an attack. Their ship is critically damaged. They no longer pose a threat. You've questioned him long enough. We've arranged for his transport. He's already been severely beaten under your care. If he can't answer questions, we can't interrogate him. That isn't good enough. It wouldn't be the first of your assurances that fell short. We were told the reptilians attempted to build a bioweapon. As far as we're aware, reptilians don't possess the technology for time travel. Did they? You helped them to circumvent our authority. What happened to the bioweapon? It seems you can do more than we thought. Is it true your species built the Spheres? Do you? Because Archer offered something she hasn't. Proof. [Situation room]
Damron.
 These are the coordinates of the Council chamber.
You're saying the Expanse will no longer be compatible for us.
I'll be at your side no matter what happens.
