Captain Drennik. Where have you travelled from? We come from a system called Vissia, more than twenty five light years from here. We saw you arrive yesterday. I assume you're here to study the hypergiant. It is quite a sight. Have you measured its rate of nucleosynthesis? If you don't mind eliminating the development stage, I'd be more than happy to help you modify your sensors. You could invite us to visit your ship. Meeting new species is one of our primary goals. We'll be there within the hour. I look forward to it. (Ends transmission.) Trinesium can withstand temperatures up to eighteen thousand degrees. We've been using it to construct our hulls for over a century. We can get even deeper with our stratopod. It's got twice the shielding. Your technology will evolve. What's important is that you're explorers. You might enjoy going even farther. I'm taking the stratopod into the hydrogen layer tomorrow. I'd be pleased to have you join me. There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Hamlet, Act One, Scene Five. Your Communications Officer was kind enough to provide us with some of your literature. I assumed you approved. We retain most of what we read. After I finished Shakespeare last night, I began reading the plays of Sophocles. What do you recommend after that? It's generating magnetic currents. I have friends who'll be equally impressed with Macbeth. We're almost into the chromosphere. [Vissian Engineering] Your father. That's hard to imagine. The man who developed warp drive on my world lived nearly a thousand years ago. We don't believe in travelling great distances. There's far too much to see close to home. I'm sure we can make an exception. I'm going to take us down to the edge of the photosphere. It might get a little turbulent. Our navigation controls are not like yours. They're based on five spatial axes. You obviously have some experience. It's giving off a lot of magnetic flux. It may cause false readings in the navigation sensors. Another ten thousand metres and I'll be able to get a particle count of the photosphere. Are you all right? If you can keep us at this altitude a little while longer. There's a flare forming ahead. You will. Turn the axis forty degrees to port. I think we can bank around it. Take us up. Try to get over it. Increase speed. What are you doing? Where did you learn to do that? Some men can work together for years without creating the friendship and bond that we did in only two days. I'm certain we can resolve this. We're not on your world, and I doubt whether this person truly understood what your engineer was suggesting. We're in no rush to leave. Take your time. Consider what we've said. [Corridor] Captain Archer. By all means. I hope yesterday's unfortunate incident won't interfere with future relations between our people. I'm sure your Starfleet will develop one soon enough. Goodbye, Captain.
