I am no longer a captain. I am a second weapons officer serving on the Ty'Gokor defence perimeter. I was recently reduced in rank. Yes. A group of rebels had fled the Klingon Protectorate at Raatooras. I was commanded to bring these traitors to justice. We'd followed their warp trail to a system just outside Klingon territory. [Bortas Bridge] Show me. (Enterprise appears on the viewscreen by the ringed planet) What kind of ship is that? Armaments. Intercept. Viewer. Identify yourself. The people aboard your ship are wanted for treason. Surrender them immediately. The Chancellor of the Klingon High Council. Give them to me now, or I'll destroy your vessel. Yes. I pitied him. He was about to die in defence of these wretched traitors. I showed him more patience than he deserved, but obviously he wanted blood to be spilt. [Bortas Bridge]  Don't be a fool. Your ship is inferior. You won't survive a battle with us. Return fire! (torpedoes and disrupters) The coward thinks he can hide. Pursue them! (They go into the rings, and the view is obscured by dust.) Where are they? Answer me! There. Target their engines! All weapons! (Enterprise fires a single torpedo, and detonates a huge gas plume which catches the Bortas in the explosion.) Manual targeting! Fire! (Enterprise does a strafing run as they exit the rings) Follow them!  It took us three hours to repair our warp drive. Identify yourself. You're harbouring fugitives. Surrender them. They're wanted for inciting rebellion. Turn over the rebels, now! That's none of your concern. I speak for the Empire.
I will not fail. [Briefing room] Weapons? Cease firing. Prepare a boarding party. Return fire! Are they offline? Then keep firing. Withdraw! Go to warp speed. [Bridge]  Have they gone to warp? Charge weapons and prepare to bring them online. [Mess hall]  What was that? Increase shielding and target their weapon ports. [Bridge] I told you to target the weapons port! Then get closer. [Bridge] Surrender, or be destroyed. You're out-gunned, Archer. Come about and be prepared to be boarded. If you don't obey my orders I'll (Hoshi cuts transmission) Cowards. We'll do it ourselves.  Where are they? (The other officers look at each other as if to say they know exactly where Enterprise is.) [Bridge]
