Nothing seems to be missing, Jonathan, look at you. I always suspected you'd be famous, just didn't think that you'd be more famous than me. (They embrace) Do it later. I want a tour of this place. Guess you and I'll be spending some time together. I hope you don't mind that I'm borrowing your ship, Captain. Don't know if I can promise that. When this test is over, Enterprise and all of Starfleet could be obsolete. Sub-quantum teleportation. You step on to a transporter on Earth, a few seconds later, you're on Vulcan. That's just for starters. Theoretically, there's no limit to the distance. One of the things we're here to test. You tell me, with that kind of technology who'd have any use for a starship? Well, I wouldn't worry too much. It's going to take decades to work out all the bugs. But when we do, Starfleet's gonna look a hell of a lot different. That's if it exists at all. He believed the future was in the warp drive, I believed in the transporter pad. I miss those talks. I miss him. To Henry, (They all raise their wine glasses in silent toast.) I've been trying to get my hands on some of that research for years. In hindsight, it's probably just as well that I couldn't. Might've sent me down the wrong path. All breakthroughs are hard to imagine before they happen. When I developed the transporter, most people simply couldn't grasp it. Some still can't. I'll never forget the protests when the transporter was first approved for bio-matter. People said it was unsafe, that it caused brain cancer, psychosis, and even sleep disorders. And then there was all that metaphysical chatter about whether or not the person who arrived after the transport was the same person who left, and not some weird copy. I had to fight all of that nonsense, and I'm not going to tell you there weren't costs. I'm living proof of that, but I won. Mankind is better off. Makes everything I've fought for worthwhile. Those early days were pretty terrifying. I'm lucky to be alive. I wasn't about to let anyone else do it. Terrified. That original transporter took a full minute and a half to cycle through. Felt like a year. You could actually feel yourself being taken apart and put back together. When I materialised, first thing I did was lose my lunch. Second thing I did was get stone drunk. Trick I learned from Zefram Cochrane. Now there was a man who knew the benefits of a little liquid courage. What is it? Not more than Enterprise can spare. You'll be able to leave the lights on. I'll tell you what. When I'm done with this, I'll install the converter. See if I can't make life easier on you. I said I'd install the converter. I wish I had time to debate the finer points of engineering protocol, but as you can see I'm extremely busy. And I realise this is your ship and I'm only a guest, but let me remind you that Starfleet has granted me complete access to your systems. If you hadn't noticed, I'm more than capable of handling a little power upgrade. Hand me that, will you? [Engineering] How was your tour? I can always tell when you're upset. You do this like you're in a hurry. We're here. That's reason enough to be optimistic. We have no choice. No. He wouldn't understand. We can't say anything to him. We can't trust anyone. He's a Starfleet captain. His first duty is to his ship. He's not an enemy. But he's not on our side, either. Believe me. [Armoury] (The lights suddenly flicker and go out.) This anomaly you detected, you think it was somehow responsible? I sympathise, believe me. During the initial tests for the transporter, some brave men and women were lost. Not a day goes by that I don't think about them. How can I help? I never encountered anything like this. There's a reason this is called the Barrens, Captain. There's nothing out here. I wish I had an explanation for you. (shifts in discomfort) Time for my treatment. Dani? Sorry. (as she wheels him away) Can we continue this later? Calm down. I didn't know this would happen. Listen to me, Dani, you're condemning him to death. He's alive. I know. I know that. We're almost ready for our first test. The odds of that happening again are extremely small. No one's going to die. I just need a couple of days. We owe him that much, Dani. When we're done, you can ask him. [Transporter alcove] Help me up. Give me a hand, please. (Tucker helps him stand at the control It's a start. I like to monitor the data as it comes in. I'm sort of obsessive that way. No, thanks. You go ahead. I'll join you later. One pair will do. And no offence, Commander, but I work much better when I'm not being distracted. That's incredible. He hasn't aged a day. I'm not here to test a new transporter. I'm here to bring back my son. We were conducting first trials. My greatest achievement. Quinn wanted to be the first to go through. He was a lot like his old man. A lot like you. I lost his signal and couldn't get it back. Truth is, the sub-quantum transporter is a fundamentally flawed concept. It'll never work. Not now, not a thousand years from now. I suppose I knew that at the time. I was a relatively young man who had created something that changed Starfleet. After an achievement of that magnitude, there was nowhere to go but down. My life became just one long struggle to recapture past glory. I wasn't thinking of the consequences. This region, the Barrens, is actually a subspace node, a bubble of curved space-time. It's why there are no stars. Quinn's transporter signal is trapped here. At certain intervals, there are fluctuations in the node that cause the signal to reappear. If we can lock onto it at one of those intervals we can save him. Starfleet would never have authorised the mission. I had to create an excuse. I didn't know that the manifestations would be dangerous, believe me. I want you to help me. Quinn was like a brother to you. All I need is one more scan. I can bring him back. I'm not lying. I had no choice! I'm sorry. Please help me, Jonathan. Help me save my son. Please. [Ready room] Sounds good. I know you don't approve of what I've done. I'm disappointed that you think less of me. Yes. It's an honest answer. You may want to reserve judgment on my actions until you've lost a son. Quinn and I used to argue all the time. Wasn't until I lost him that I realised that those arguments were some of the happiest moments of my life. I think that it's possible. That's enough reason for me to try. (with a scanner) He's here. (The lights flicker and the electric crackling starts.) Jonathan. There. (The 'figure' walks out of the shuttlepod nose.) Quinn? Quinn? (It walks through a wall panel, setting off an explosion. Archer gets to Emory just in time to protect him.) [Corridor] I got what I needed. You should be able to get a good lock when he reappears. Just over three hours. How's your ship? You saved my life You didn't deserve any of this, Jonathan. I'm sorry this became your problem. I'm scared. I've waited so long for this moment. Planned for it. What if something goes wrong? What if I fail? What did he say? Henry never was a poet. Any moment now. Confinement beam. Widest possible spread. Let me. (He heaves himself out of his wheelchair.) EMORY: Energising. (The energy figure starts to appear.) We need more power. It's working. (The figure moves, arms reach out, and the face is briefly recognisable.) (losing him) No. No. (Phlox scans the figure.) EMORY: Complete the transport sequence. Recalibrate the confinement beam. Just do it. That's not possible. I can reverse the damage by cross-phasing the stream. I built the damn thing! Get away from me. Tie in the secondary buffers. I can hold the pattern. Just do it! No! I can't let him go. I can't! I'm sorry, Quinn. (He materialises a young man in a brown boiler suit, who collapses to the floor. Emory manages to go over and sit beside him, cradling his head.) Oh, Quinn. Quinn, please forgive me, please. Come in. (Archer enters.) EMORY: I couldn't leave him like that. It's better to be alive or dead, not somewhere in between. I came here to bring my son home. I suppose I accomplished my goal. I imagine they're not too happy with all of this. I perpetrated a fraud to obtain the use of your ship. A member of your crew is dead. There's no way I'm going to avoid the consequences. There's one good thing to come out of this. Dani won't have to worry about taking care of me anymore. I managed to let go of one of my children. Now I guess it's time for me to let go of the other one. Maybe they'll put me somewhere where I'll be useful. Get a chance to teach. I wouldn't be boring. Why settle for making myself miserable when I can spread the misery around to an entire class of students? [Sickbay] And you, Jonathan. Commander. (They shake hands.) EMORY: An honour working with you. Some suggestions. This might boost your transporter range a few
