Commander Tucker. Lieutenant Reed pointed you out. Please, sit down. This is my wife, Calla. I hope you get the chance to sample our food. It's more fragrant than yours. By all means. (Tucker speaks to the third person at the table.) Our warp core emits omicron radiation. I'd recommend you speak with your doctor about an inoculation. The antimatter stream is compressed before the deuterium's injected into the core. Let me bring up the schematics. That's true of most worlds. That wouldn't be very efficient. They are only needed when a couple's trying to have a child. The cogenitor is assigned to another couple. They make up about three percent of our population, which seems to be a perfect ratio. Nature has a way of finding the right balance. The only one. Once Calla and I are finished with it, I doubt it'll be needed before we return home. Would you like to take a closer look at the plasma converters? We keep it in our quarters, yes. It eats, sleeps. There's not much else for it to do. They only serve one purpose. Sending them to school would make no sense. Why are you so curious about them? You might find this difficult to believe, but this polymer is composed of over two hundred naturally occurring elements. I read in your database that you've discovered only ninety two. I understand how this might seem unnerving. When the engine reaches critical mass, a mixture of positrons and neutrinos is injected into the chamber. Watch. (Tucker looks at computer display.) It's possible this technology could be modified for Enterprise. The captain's very generous. Why don't you join us for dinner tonight? You did agree to try our food. We'll try not to prepare anything too pungent. [Living quarters] (It's dinnertime, and the Engineer and Calla watch as Tucker sniffs his food before eating it.) Calla's in charge of the Microgravity Lab. We usually don't have much time for cooking. It rarely eats more than one meal a day. Commander Tucker is very curious about our reproductive process. Humans are bi-gendered. Exactly. Three more, and I'll be finished. If you wait until I'm done, I'll show you how to get there. Why are we debating this? The cogenitor belongs on our ship. Or are you suggesting my wife and I abandon our plans to have a child? You have no right to judge us. You know nothing about our culture. What if one of your stewards, the men who are forced to serve you food, what if they should ask us for asylum? I apologise. But it's easy to misunderstand someone when you know nothing about their culture.
