Excuse me. The bar's reserved for regular customers. Galactic heroes have to sit at a table. Thank you. Cheers. So what was it like in the Expanse? Another World War III epic. It swept all the awards. But you haven't missed much. Earth's been holding its breath for the past year, wondering if the Xindi were going to come back and finish the job. On the bright side, there've been more weddings and births than ever before. I'm married to Starfleet. Just like you. [T'Pol's quarters] (The door chimes.) We've tied these stations directly in the primary EPS junction. I won't say anything if you do me a small favour. My senior officer candidates. I'd like to get your opinion. You've served with a few of them. (She hands over a data chip. Archer refers to the Captain's chair.) We've improved hull polarisation by twelve percent. We'll be able to hang in a firefight a little longer. Upgrades you recommended. What is it? I'm aware of that. You know better than to go climbing without a partner. [Vulcan - T'Pol's family home] (The sky is red, and so is the rock as T'Pol opens the door and they go into a courtyard with oriental overtones including a gnarled small tree and a water feature of a giant urn with trickling water.) You probably don't want to hear this, but I got a call from my brother yesterday. They renamed my old high school after you. How many is that, two, three dozen? That's just North America. I don't think Zefram Cochrane has that many schools named after him. (Further on -) So, did you get a chance to look 'em over? My senior officer candidates. Any suggestions for Tactical? I'm not sure how I feel about a military officer on the Bridge. Don't you think you're being a little cynical? Yes, Captain, I did. (She spots a pad mark.) Hey. (Archer scans it.) Good thing I have you to protect me. [T'Pol's family home - guest room] (It's still dark when T'Les strikes the gong in the courtyard, and someone knocks at his door.) What? Maybe humans will go back someday, build a colony? Not ready? How long were we supposed to wait? Enterprise saved Earth. You weren't stirring up trouble. You were exploring. So what do you suggest? Put our starships in mothballs? That's not the mission either one of us signed up for. You all right? Want to talk about it? There's an old code among climbers. Anything that happens on the mountain stays there. You did what any captain would have done. Where are you going, Jon? Are you going to go climbing in the middle of the night? It'd be a shame if you lost your footing. It's a long way down. But at least you wouldn't have to deal with these feelings anymore. You tell me. All I'm trying to do is get away from you. I look at you, and I see the person I was three years ago. The explorer that my father wanted me to be. I lost something out there, and I don't know how to get it back. (Erika leans over and kisses him, long and gentle.) Something I haven't done in a while. Whatever you lost, maybe I could help you find it. [Vulcan] (T'Pol takes Tucker sightseeing to a place with lots of giant statues.) We should have brought a camera. That's a good day's climb we've got ahead of us. We can reach the summit by nightfall, but we should get moving. You know, there's still something I'm not quite clear about. Why did we stop seeing each other? You're not my superior anymore. (they kiss) I wonder if Starfleet would approve? The captains of the only two warp five ships?
Commander Tucker. [Colombia Launch bay] Are you ready for this? Open a channel. [Situation room] Columbia to Enterprise. We're matching speed and trajectory as requested. Go ahead. Quick as you can, Commander. [Between the ships] Eyes on the cable, Commander. I need you back here in one piece. [Launch bay] Columbia to Enterprise. [Bridge] I've routed everything I've got to my warp field. [Colombia Bridge] Do me a favour, Jonathan. Make this quick. (With the twin ships still flying belly to belly, the warp fields merge into one.) [Bridge] Colombia to Enterprise. You've got about forty seconds. [Bridge] Enterprise, we're losing the field. [Bridge] You're not getting away with my Chief Engineer that easily. [Bridge] What've you got in mind? [Qu'Vat Colony] (Antaak makes his way surreptitiously to where Phlox has been dumped on a bed) Columbia to Enterprise. Looked like you could use a hand. Let's keep those ships off their tail. [Laboratory] Then fire at will. [Laboratory] Wish I could help. We just lost our weapons! [Laboratory] (Archer is breaking his restrains, so K'Vagh holds him.) I should be get back on the road. I don't know how you survived all these years without me. (She leaves.)
It's customary to report to the Captain after a transfer. Welcome aboard. (They shake.) ERIKA: Trip, is it? So what do you think? Can she be salvaged? Not so far. If I hear anything, I'll let you know. You certainly know how to motivate the troops. You still need to eat. Captain's mess, tomorrow. Eighteen hundred hours. We can trade stories about your former CO. Commander, drop by the quartermaster's at the end of your shift. Might want to update your uniform. (She indicates the arm patch with ship's name on it.) I stole him from the Republic. Captain Jennings said I could have anything I wanted when I left, so I took his cook. I've gotten two transfer requests from crewmen in your department. It's probably better if I didn't mention names. I denied them. You're already short-handed. Quite an impression you've made, Commander. You've been aboard less than two days and already some of your team want to jump ship. I was surprised you accepted this transfer. I saw an interview with you after the Xindi mission. You said you couldn't see yourself serving on any other starship. It comes in handy. Hail the dock master. This is Captain Hernandez. Request permission to depart. Thank you. [Colombia Engineering] Bridge to Engineering. Are we ready, Mister Tucker? Time to weigh anchor. (to the young lady at the helm) Lieutenant, aft thrusters at one half until we clear Spacedock. Then take us to warp. [Brig] (The MACOs bring in the smooth-foreheaded Klingon and put him in the other cell.)
