(older man wearing blue) We're a supply ship. We don't carry large weapons. We tried to defend ourselves. Nearly three years. We've tried, believe me. Thank you, Captain. [Alien Engineering] (Trip is working alone in semi-darkness when he hears a noise. He takes his flashlight to investigate, finds nothing, then turns around to see a blonde girl in a brown cardigan.) You know why. I think you've met enough of their crew already. Liana. [Alien computer core] Don't worry about her. You can do it on your own. Do as I say or you'll never see her. You wouldn't understand. Just fix those relays. I've made all the friends I need. [Airponics] (to Kuulan) You have to get them off the ship. (Archer and Reed take cover at a dead end, but their shots still pass through their attacker's body) [Alien computer core] They're gone, Captain. Isn't it obvious? Oh. They didn't seem real to you? I created them. Wasn't easy. Took time. You could touch them. They could make you laugh, surprise you. They were our friends, our family for over twenty years. I buried them out in the hills, the ones I could find after the crash. I killed them, so I buried them. You don't remember. You were a child. We were on our way home, just like Kuulan told you, but we weren't attacked. There was an ion storm. It overloaded our plasma conduits. I was the chief engineer. It was my responsibility to start repairs. But it was worse than I thought. Leaking plasma burned through the hull. We were losing atmosphere so Captain Kuulan set a course for this planet. They're all dead. Apparently, I didn't do enough. No. It was my decision. She was in our quarters on the lowest deck. I knew she'd never survive a crash landing down there, so I went to get her. I left my station. The plasma leak grew, there was an explosion. Half the crew died instantly including my wife. A few made it to the escape pods, but. Why do you think I did this? To retreat into some fantasy? Pretend it never happened? For two years I tried to repair our ship, and I watched my daughter grow up alone. So I decided to bring them back. Her mother first, then Captain Kuulan and the others. I did everything I could to make it like it was, for her. I've given her everything she needs. She's my daughter. It's not your concern. We've survived here successfully. Thank you, Captain. You have a beautiful ship. May I sit? I haven't been in space for a long time. It feels strange. Good, just a bit strange. I'm fine. No, I'm not. Your engineer is a very plain-spoken man. I've never kept secrets from my daughter. She knows there's more to see beyond our little oasis. But she's never talked about leaving. Not once. Now your engineer thinks we should just pack up and go. Twenty two years, Captain. I've lived here for twenty two years, and that ship down there may seem like nothing more than spare parts to you, but to me it's home. I don't want to leave. I am happy here. Comfortable. But Mister Tucker wants me to believe that I'm being selfish. He says that now that I have the opportunity to leave, I should. That Liana deserves more. Maybe it's time I stopped being so afraid of change. Will you help me take my daughter home? Thank you, Captain, but all we need are these components. I've got my own crew to do the work some of them are pretty fair engineers. I saw to that. [Alien cargo hold] (The holo-crew are moving stuff around.)
