My beloved. Thank you. I look forward to helping you install the microscope. I'd be honoured. (Phlox leads the way.) FEEZAL: Won't you be joining us, Commander? Then I'll see you after lunch? It's collimating the neutrons, not amplifying them. If you read the instructions, you'll find it's all very clear. Denobulan. I understand. That's why I'm here. So let's go through it slowly. Do you see the threads on the aperture ring? Exactly. Take the smaller condenser lens and screw it on. Now remodulate the emitter frequency. That'll initiate the neutron stream. It's very simple. Insert the thick end into this opening. It'll automatically programme the frequency. You can pull it out now. The stream should be initiated. By all means. You're a very confident young man, aren't you? You're going to need to come a little closer to see this. [Captain's mess] Now watch. A simple strand of protein molecules can be enlarged and enhanced to where we can clearly see a single nucleotide. Carbon atoms. Now you try it. Precisely. Very good. Now align the quantum filters. Excuse me? Absolutely not. Groznik has only apologised twice. I doubt he'll be forgiven for another two years. Not wives, wife. Kessil moved to Teerza Prime to be with her third husband. You forgot to enter the frequency parameters. Bogga. Klaban was Forlisa's husband. Her first, I think.(Tucker gets an image on the monitor.) You forgot to stabilise the aperture. That's just a reflection of the imaging filament. That's all right. (She puts a reassuring hand on May I join you? Feezal Phlox. You're the language wizard. My husband speaks very fondly of you. (in Denobulan) I'm impressed. Ensign Sato barely has an accent. She was telling me how attractive she thinks you are. I wasn't exactly pulling your leg, was I? I'm a woman. That's all that matters, isn't it? Save me a seat. So do I. But remember, your other wives are anxious to see you too. As his doctor, I hope you'll keep Commander Tucker in perfect running order. Perhaps that'll motivate me to visit more often. I know how it feels.
