Archer. I've been told you might be able to make it worth my while if I were to arrange a certain introduction. I've always had a fondness for platinum, specifically in its liquified state. Pity. (takes a gulp from his breather) I don't make a habit of allowing people to interrupt my workers, Xindi or otherwise. Well, I'm a reasonable man. I'm sure you could part with, say, half a litre. That won't be necessary. (He tosses a cloth to Archer, who opens it to see a severed finger.) Unfortunate accident. I expect to see you back tomorrow. (He hits a pipe with a rod and the door opens.) Good day. [Tucker's dream - outside] YOUNG I'm familiar with the properties of liquid platinum. What exactly do you want with our Xindi friend? He's not very attractive, especially after his recent surgery. And what might that be? His work group should be awake in about an hour's time. The only thing. Trellium-D. Insulation. Mostly for interstellar vessels. What insulation does your ship use, Captain? I imagine you must have a very large crew. Take your time. (He leaves with his henchmen. The prisoner has a scarf around his face, but he looks pretty human.) I'm afraid your Captain [Mine Foreman's Office] And his associate are going to be slightly delayed. We have three cargo vessels approaching, and we've had [Bridge] FOREMAN No more than an hour. [Bridge] Trellium-D is a highly [Bridge] FOREMAN Not at the moment. He requested to speak to a miner who resides on level twenty two. [Bridge] The de-ionising process prevents us with communicating with the lower levels. I'll have him [Mine Foreman's Office] contact you as soon as he returns. [Bridge] That's impossible. Post guards at their landing craft. If they get back to their starship I'll lose nearly a hundred new workers. [Plasma duct thirteen] Duct thirteen. They've opened two emergency baffles. No, too valuable. How long would it take to redirect the plasma flow into that conduit? I'd have preferred having you join your crewmembers as new additions to my workforce, but you've turned out to be more trouble than you're worth. Select a detail. Take them to the surface. Shoot all three of them. (Rnter the MACOs, sliding down ropes and shooting. There's a tussle as Archer and Tucker get guns from prone guards and join in the battle. Kessick crawls away and hides under the stairs.)
