Ambassador, with all due respect, we have a right to know what's going on here. Jon. I think you know everyone. A corn farmer named Moore shot him with a plasma rifle. Says it was self-defense. This gentleman is some sort of a courier. Evidently he was carrying crucial information back to his people. Ambassador Soval thinks it would be best if we push off your launch until we've cleared this up. We may need to defer to their judgement. Jon. Dan? We've been waiting for nearly a century, Ambassador. This seems as good a time as any to get started. I had a feeling their approach wouldn't sit too well with you. Don't screw this up. (Archer knocks on ICU window and beckons Phlox over) [USS Enterprise - Transporter alcove] When Zefram Cochrane made his legendary warp flight ninety years ago, and drew the attention of our new friends, the Vulcans. We realised that we weren't alone in the galaxy. Today we're about to cross a new threshold. For nearly a century, we've waded ankle-deep in the ocean of space. Now it's finally time to swim. (applause) The warp five engine wouldn't be a reality without men like Doctor Cochrane and Henry Archer, who worked so hard to develop it. So it's only fitting that Henry's son, Jonathan Archer, will command the first starship powered by that engine. (applause as Archer and senior officers leave) Rather than quoting Doctor Cochrane, I think we should listen to his own words from the dedication ceremony for the Warp Five Complex thirty two years ago. COCHRANE [on screen] On this site, a powerful engine will be built. An engine that will someday help us travel a hundred times faster than we can today. (as the officers take their bridge stations) Imagine it. Thousands of inhabited planets at our fingertips. And we'll be able to explore those strange new worlds and seek out new life and new civilizations. This engine will let us go boldly where no man has gone before. [Bridge]
You too, Jon, what I can make out. Whatever you have to do to keep those reports coming. The scans of that comet were incredible. I hate to do this to you Jon, but we're turning you around. We picked up an automated distress signal from a cargo freighter, the ECS Fortunate. The nearest Starfleet vessel is three weeks away at its maximum warp, but you could be there in a day and a half. We're not sure. They're not responding to hails. I'd like you to check this out. Give them any assistance they need. Forrest out.
The Andorians gave the monks three hours before they started their bombardment. Fortunately, they all got out in time. Not well. Jon. The Vulcans may have good reason for keeping an eye on them. I've seen the reports. These Andorian commandos are a dangerous group. Jon, you're doing a lot of good work, but you've got to be more careful. Earth can't be getting involved in inter-species conflicts. I'm afraid I've got some more bad news. (Later, Archer is staring out of the window when the door bell sounds.)
You, too, Jon. I understand you have guests. I got a call from Ambassador Soval about an hour ago. They're aware that you've docked with the Vahklas, and they have a favour to ask. A minister at the High Command has a son on that ship, an engineer named Kov. Have you met him? Well, apparently, the two of them had a falling out about nine, ten years ago. His father's tried to contact him several times since then, but Kov won't respond. I hear these aren't your garden variety Vulcans. Can I assume you're on friendly terms? Kov's father is dying, Jon. He'd like to speak with his son. Maybe you can encourage him somehow. The High Command let you keep your Science Officer. It wouldn't hurt to return the favour. Keep me posted. [T'Pol's quarters] (She blows out the candle and dreams.)
Apparently, it's imperative that she be taken off that planet as soon as possible. The nearest Vulcan ship is at least a week away. You'll rendezvous with the Vulcan ship Sh'Raan in three days. They'll take her the rest of the way. Well, this may come as a shock to you, Jon, but the Vulcans aren't talking. You're out there, I'm not. It's your call. I just want you to know there'll be repercussions. Jon. Have you talked to the ambassador? Maybe she brought this on herself. You did say that she admitted the charges against her were true. Well, I'll talk to Soval, see what I can find out. [Armoury]
But you said your plasma ducts were closed. Continue to analyse your logs. I'm going to call an emergency meeting at the Command Council. You realise they'll undoubtedly bring the Vulcans into this. We'll have to figure out who's going to contact the Paraagan homeworld. You're right, it should, but let's take this one step at a time. You followed all the protocols that you were given. You followed the protocols. You've got a crew that's going to be looking to you to figure out how to react to all this. Don't let them down. I'll get back to you soon as I can. I'm sorry, Jon. [Sickbay] But how did you know about that cruiser? And if it was cloaked, how could you find it? This is going to be a very interesting debriefing. Get to the Vulcan ship as quickly as you can. I'll let them know what you've got. I can't tell you how pleased I am, Jonathan. After all you've done, I would have hated to see this end.
That's enough, Commander. [Starfleet Headquarters] The Command Council will review the evidence and listen to what's been said here today. I'm sure they'll hear from the Vulcans as well. I'll let you know as soon as there's a decision. Good luck, Jonathan. All of you. (Ends transmission.) [T'Pol's quarters] (She's in bed when the door bell sounds.)
Ambassador Soval said your presence is crucial to resolving the crisis. The Vulcan name is Paan Mokar. The Andorians call it Weytahn. It's on the frontier between their systems. Both sides claim it belongs to them. They've nearly gone to war over it twice in the past century. Soval says you'll be fully briefed when you arrive. Jonathan, this is the first time the Vulcans have asked for our help. You're the closest thing we have to an ambassador out there. You know how important this could be.
I wish there was. It's possible the ship you found was launched from Vega Colony, but they're a long way behind you. The Earth Cargo Authority may have more information. A hundred light years from Earth. You might have solved the greatest missing person case of the century.
Get a shuttle ready. (The rescue team force their way through drifted snow to get into Research Module C376. There is no one there.) [Situation room] (Looking at a sequence of still photos on the table top display.)
I'm afraid I've got some bad news, Jon. It's AG. He was back on Mount McKinley. There was an accident. He was killed. I'm sorry. [Launch bay]
I told Command everything you said. They're having a hard time buying it. We've lost a lot of people already, Jon. Starfleet Command would need some kind of proof before they let you go. Jon? Your point, Jonathan. Your scanner's not working properly. The quantum data reads minus four twenty. Quantum dating always registers in positive numbers. I'll speak with Command. She'll be ready to launch in fourteen months. Hopefully you'll be back well before then. The same complement of weapons that you'll have once the retrofit is done. Have you told your crew? How many are staying aboard? His team should be arriving at eighteen hundred hours. I was surprised you asked for them. You think you'll be comfortable with the military on board? You weren't told where in this Expanse you were supposed to look. This weapon they're building, did he say how long it was going to take them? It's not that far out of your way. How's that last refit team doing? I could tell you there are a lot of people counting on you, but I don't need to do that, do I? Good luck, Jon. (They shake hands. The umbilicals disengage and Enterprise moves out of Spacedock.) [Duras's ship]
(Enterprise in spacedock) Do you think you'll be comfortable with military on board?
Well done, Jonathan. Captain. That's enough, Captain. That's enough! [Forrest's office] I am not taking anyone's side. You were out of line. The debriefing's on hold, indefinitely. I want you to take some time off to clear your head. That's an order, Captain! [Corridor] (Phlox is overloaded with dufflebags and animal carry-boxes.) If there are no further questions? (Everyone rises and leaves the room, except Archer and Soval.)
I'm sure those qualities are found in every species. (They pass through the retina scanner at the Embassy security check.)
Go ahead. What's happening down there? Well then kill it, now!
This is the Captain. All hands to escape pods. Abandon ship! [USS Defiant - Bridge] (Enterprise has just been destroyed by the Tholians.)
