Thank you for seeing me. I never got my lawyer. Apparently, he's busy. I don't work for Terra Prime. I work for Starfleet Intelligence. You are not the only one who wants to serve his people. And then everyone on Enterprise would know who I am, including the real Terra Prime operative. (Travis' communicator chirps.) He won't believe you. You're going after Paxton. If someone on Enterprise is working for him, he could know you're coming. Yes. Travis, wait! I hear the conference is back on track. But it'll happen, and you're part of the reason why. So was I. If Vulcans and Andorians can get along, you'd think we could. Isn't that the fast way home?
I decided to stop waiting. You to come over and say hello. We never had a problem mixing work and pleasure. Smile. I never could get you to smile for the camera. Busy. There haven't been many slow news days since the Xindi attack. I hear you're going to be in the neighborhood awhile. We should get together. If we wait another four years, we're going to have too much catching up to do. I'll pretend that was an enthusiastic yes. Back to work. (They split up and we watch a pale woman in a coat come into the conference without a security badge.) (camera apparently on) I can't decide if I like you better in uniform or not. I've been assigned to do a story on Enterprise. They can build a ship that goes faster than light, but they can't give you a decent-sized room. It's told from the perspective of the crew. It'll cover the missions, the perils, life in space. So, shall we start with a tour? You're not on duty. Okay, so, maybe I wasn't assigned the story. Maybe I suggested the idea to my editor. I only said that to keep you from signing onto this mission. It's too late. It's due a week from today. Why are you avoiding me? We both called it off. It was a mutual decision. I haven't decided yet. So, reward me by giving me that tour. [Sickbay] How did you keep your cool? That simple, huh? Which one did you use to penetrate the Sphere in the Expanse? If it's okay. (Travis opens the hatch for her.) [Shuttlepod] Beautiful little ship. Why? Makes sense. Gets you there in a few seconds. Nothing to fly. You can't make a choice without leaving something behind. Is it my imagination, or are you actually opening up to me? (She takes off the camera.) What? It's a bad habit. I have a lot of those. (She kisses him.) GANNET: Here's another one. When I'm attracted to someone, I can't hide it for long. I thought you liked shuttlepods. Sure felt like we were flying. I have a rule. If I'm in bed with someone, they have to be in bed with me. You are not here. Want to talk about it? That's the last thing you should tell a reporter. I'm never going to settle down. It doesn't mean I'm not going to get serious with someone, if the right circumstance comes along. I'll know it when it happens. What did you mean earlier about reconsidering some decisions you've made? Of course, it's off the record. While you're on duty, you mind if I stay here and work a bit? (The doorbell chimes. Travis opens the door to Archer and Reed, with two MACOs in attendance.) Something wrong? Where? She's not here to do a story on Enterprise, Travis. I don't know what you're talking about. Is that a crime? I was on assignment. My news agency. Look, if I'm under arrest, then I don't know anything about your crewmen. I want to speak with counsel. Now.
