I've seen the scans you transmitted, Commander. Impressive.
(human) Very impressive. When can we expect deployment? Such as? What are these? (reading) Eighty six metric tons of aluminum plating, a hundred and seventy tons of carbon steel. We can't keep diverting vital materials from war production! That could change, very quickly. Intelligence suggests the Americans are preparing a counterattack. Our front lines are dangerously thin, supply routes are under constant attack from resistance fighters. A forceful enemy thrust could stand a good chance of breaking through. On top of this, there've been setbacks in Africa, and the Russians are attempting to retake Moscow. Though no one has expressed this to the Fuhrer, there is widespread belief that Germany has advanced too far, too quickly. You make promises. All we ever see are films! No one has proposed ending anything.
Our intelligence sources are convinced that the American counterattack will be launched within days. It's no longer a rumour. It's fact. An intelligence briefing. According to this, your squadron performed flawlessly in recent field tests. We're protecting our interests. This says it is ready for deployment. We are tired of your stalling! You and your men have taken an oath to defend Germany! Do you? We've provided everything you've asked for. You'll not receive a single truckload of additional supplies till you fulfill your part of the agreement. I should have you arrested for treason. Three American divisions have crossed the Ohio River. Two more are advancing from the south toward Washington. By direct order from the Fuhrer, the squadron is to be transferred immediately to Luftwaffe Regional Command. I am to personally oversee the deployment. We'll discuss the particulars once you've fulfilled your obligation. Why the delay? Six hours. (The General leaves.) No! The squadron's going to the front. I am taking command of this facility. You are relieved. (Vosk shoots the General in the stomach, and kills his two guards before they can ready their rifles.)
