Which of you is the Captain? Something unexpected happened when I was examining this transmitter. It began to make a sound, so I opened it. Someone calling herself T'Pol seemed very concerned about her Captain's well-being. Which one of you was she trying to contact? The Alliance must be growing desperate if they're recruiting military officers as spies. I suppose you're the Captain of a pleasure boat. This transceiver, what's its frequency, its range? This appears to be a computing instrument. Tell me, how does it work? (Pell hits Archer.) My superiors expect answers. As an officer, I'm sure you can appreciate that. I have no desire to harm you, but I need you to cooperate. I trust you enjoyed the rally this morning. That's why you're here, isn't it? It's curious, the two of you visiting the city the same day as Chancellor Kultarey. Did you come here to observe his security arrangement? Or perhaps assassinate him? We're aware of your ancestral claims against our city. It must make a tempting target. This T'Pol who tried to contact you, where is she? (Pell hits Archer again, and he falls to the floor. Reed leaps up and is clubbed by a soldier with a rifle. When they are hauled back onto the chairs, Gosis spots that Archer's prosthetic forehead has come away at the edge and he peels it off. Pell does the same to Reed.) You've been surgically altered. Take them to Temec. Have him perform a full examination.  [Situation room] Shall we try this? (he fires it at a crate of containers.) Our Alliance friends seem to have turned theory into reality. If the Alliance has equipped its troops with these weapons. Make sure the devices are kept under guard at all times. Use men you can trust. (Pell and guards go indoors. Temec comes out with his examination results.) What did you find? How is this possible? Doctor Temec tells me your deformities are not the work of a surgeon. He found no obvious incisions or scar tissue. You're even more abnormal on the inside. A redundant renal organ and you're missing four thoracic vertebrae. Temec can't even begin to explain this mass. As for your red blood, the doctor tells me your haemoglobin is based on iron, a toxic element. He conducted the test four times to be certain. He has a theory about where you came from. I found it difficult to believe until I saw this. One of our surveillance aircraft took this image early this morning. The pilot said the object was traveling at very high speed. Can you explain? (He shows them a photograph with the silhouette of a shuttlepod on it.) Our scientists tell me it's unlikely that a craft of this size could have travelled from another star system. They suspect a larger ship must be somewhere nearby. Perhaps orbiting our planet. How did you evade our surveillance towers? And your biological anomalies? What kind of enhancements? How many of you are there? And your devices, are they prototypes as well? (to guards) Take them back. (Reed and Archer walk out at gunpoint.) Do you believe them? We need to verify what they've told us. (to Pell) You'll be in charge of the execution. I'll inform the prisoners.  [Bridge]
