Your personal mating preference is no concern of mine. (The pair square up to each other across the table, and Archer waves the MACOs away.) And you said you wouldn't be insulting. (The pair sit as Archer stands.) There. Every Tellarite ship is connected to your sensor network, despite the inefficient Andorian codes. Better to insert between the eyes and twist. I believe we have more to discuss than trade disputes. (Gral offers his hand, and Shran takes it.)
Ambassador Gral. (The handshake turns into a test of strength.) I'm told this ship is the pride of Starfleet. I find it small and unimpressive. (smiling) You may show us to our quarters. Have we crossed into Andorian space? The last time I was here, I was on the Command deck of one of our cruisers, driving those blue demons back into their territory. The Andorians came to your aid during the Xindi crisis. So why should we trust humans to mediate this dispute? You owe them your lives. Your people have no experience in interstellar affairs. Your Chef obviously went to a great deal of trouble. If I'd wanted to eat like this, I would've stayed at home. I was expecting to sample Earth cuisine on this journey. These accusations are absurd. We had nothing to do with this alleged attack. Logs can be fabricated. For all we know, they destroyed the ship themselves. Andorian technology is more advanced than ours. One of our cruisers wouldn't stand a chance against two of theirs! I am not comfortable with so many Andorians aboard. Contact your superiors. Have them transferred to another vessel. Where are you taking them? You can't. They'll arrest us. They'll hold us responsible for this incident. This makes perfect sense, Captain. They sent a distress call to lure you into a trap. Your people tried to destroy this ship! I don't have to imply anything. The facts speak for themselves. What is that supposed to prove? He's suffering from paranoia, Captain. I've had enough of your lies! (They try to come to blows across the table, and the MACOs pull them apart.) Archer claims to be impartial, but it's obvious he's inclined to believe the Andorians. We may have made a mistake in trusting these humans. We had nothing to do with that!
