There were impurities in the last three production cycles. We'll have to increase the production rate by at least sixty percent. Assign two additional teams. Your job is to synthesis kemocite. I suggest you get back to it. Have these canisters retested. Salvage what you can, then destroy the rest. (The two assistants leave, then Gralik notices the empty space and the canister Reed left on a table. He looks around warily, then puts it back in the box and leaves.)  [Transporter alcove] (One of the canisters is beamed aboard.) Who are you? What do you want from me? (Archer points his phaser at Gralik.) Gralik Durr. Is that supposed to explain why you forced your way into my home? It's a multiphasic isotope. There are numerous applications. It depends on the level of refinement. That's none of your concern. (Archer closes the door.) Kemocite can be used for any number of purposes. I don't make a habit of asking our clients what they plan to do with it. What? I don't know what you're talking about. How long are you going to keep me here? Well, you can tell him that I'll be in my study. I have work to do. I've already told you everything I know. (The door opens.) GRALIK: Ah, Captain Archer. I was beginning to think you'd forgotten about me. (Hayes leaves.) That's correct. I don't know what this is. You burst into my home, show me some twisted piece of metal and tell me it proves I'm a mass murderer? I've never seen your species before. I've never heard of a planet called Earth, and whether you believe me or not, I had nothing to do with killing millions of its inhabitants.  [Armoury] The kemocite is extremely refined. It did. We supply many species with kemocite, not just Xindi. It has countless applications. When Degra requested shipments so highly refined, we celebrated, realising the wealth it would bring to our colony. We never considered why he wanted such pure kemocite. Perhaps our greed blinded us from the possibility that it would be used in constructing a weapon. No, he's a Xindi Primate. They're similar to you. Ape-like. Degra and his people have always been fair, truthful. That may have been why I believed him when he said the shipment was for research. Perhaps he's become as untrustworthy as the reptilians. Five? I suppose there are, now. (Gralik offers Archer a drink) Do you mind? There was a sixth species, the avians. They've been gone since the war. Extinct. As far as I'm told, none of them fled before our homeworld was destroyed. The war went on for nearly a hundred years. The sides changed, alliances were forged and then broken. By the time it ended I doubt any of the six species remembered what started it, but everyone remembered what ended it. As well as being unstable politically, our planet was even more unstable geologically. In a final desperate act, the insectoids and reptilians detonated massive explosions beneath the eight largest seismic fissures. I'd like to think they didn't realise how devastating the result would be. My grandfather lived there. He told me of places where the sky was sometimes filled with avians. Now they're gone. The descendants of those that escaped are scattered across the Expanse. Many live peaceful lives, but obviously not all. (The door opens.) They're ahead of schedule. We weren't expecting them for another three days. You might not have much time left to accomplish your mission. We've been processing kemocite for them for nearly six months. They're here for their final shipment. Captain, I'm the primary technician in this facility. They'll want to talk to me before accepting delivery, to confirm that all of their technical requirements have been met. I may be able to obtain some information for you about this weapon. I'm willing to take that risk. I'm proud of my craft, Captain. I've practiced it for many years. I won't let my work be corrupted in this way. Seven million people. If I'd chosen my clients more carefully, that tragedy might not have happened. I don't intend to let it happen again. Degra's probably wondering where I am. His companions don't like to be kept waiting. (Another knock.) They'll return. Probably with armed reptilians. There are fewer than a hundred people on this planet. It doesn't go unnoticed when one of them is missing. Degra won't leave until he sees the results of the final isotopic analysis. You should reconsider my offer.  [Armoury] (Two crewmen are setting up a target.) It's a seeker. The reptilians built them for reconnaissance. They were used to great effect during the war. It seems as though you may have been exposed after all. There are some caves not far ahead. They should provide us with some cover in case we encounter any more of those. [Armoury] I doubt they'll find us. That's topaline ore. It should disrupt their scanners. Even their seekers won't locate us here. What do you intend to do now, Captain. Destroy our facility? Do you plan to wait until I'm back inside or will you simply dispose of me here in the forest? I'd certainly like to hear it. If you're prepared to trust me. It would be better if I went alone. And you. Have you started loading the shipment? Good! I want to run another refinement test. We have to be absolutely certain that we've met their specifications. You know how important this is to all of us. You two perform the isotopic analysis, I'll run the sub-molecular scans.  [Forest] (A kemocite canister is beamed to them.) My personal activities aren't your concern. I was hunting tree scarabs. Your drone was frightening them. I prefer to spend my time in the forest alone. I was alone. You're two days early. Running some final tests. Forty two years. That's how long I've been running this facility, and never once have I allowed a single gram of kemocite to leave the premises unless it was perfectly calibrated. I take pride in my work, but if you're so eager to get underway then go ahead, take your shipment. But if it doesn't meet your requirements don't expect me to produce another hundred kilograms overnight, because we do have other clients besides you. Perhaps you'll need our services in the future. I'll miss the pleasure of your company. We've invested a great deal in this project. Yes, you've been more than generous, but I'd appreciate it if you could tell me what this shipment is being used for. I don't think it's an unreasonable request. What kind of threat? I'm glad we could contribute. I may have just betrayed my people to a ruthless alien species. To trust. (they drink) It should delay their progress considerably. Don't worry. I can deal with Degra and his friends. You should just be concerned with finding this weapon. The portal's range is only a few light years. Keep searching. If everything you've told me is true about the attack on your world, I hope you remember that all Xindi are not your enemy.
If you're prepared to trust me. You should just be concerned with finding this weapon.
