Thank you, Major. Please, sit down. (They remain standing.) GRAT: I can understand why you're upset. No doubt you've had a difficult afternoon. I meant to speak to you earlier, but I had some urgent business to attend to. I apologise. We don't see many starship captains here. (reading from a PADD) Jonathan Archer. You must be Travis Mayweather. I am Colonel Grat. I took the liberty to examine the database in your shuttlecraft, so I know that you're from a planet called Earth and that you serve on a vessel called Enterprise. What I don't know is what you were doing within our military zone. You entered orbit of our second moon. You must have detected it. Your curiosity almost got you killed. Fortunately, our patrol ship didn't vaporise your shuttlecraft. I'll pass that along. This is a detention complex. It's several light years from where we found you. We're at war with a species that can mimic the appearance of almost any humanoid. We had to make certain that you weren't infiltrators. I know. We've already tested your DNA. You're familiar with the Cabal? Then you must know about their genetic enhancements and how dangerous they can be. I hope you didn't suffer too many casualties. I'm afraid I don't have the authority to release you. We have very strict regulations. You'll have to appear before a magistrate on Tandar Prime. But the hearing should be brief. I'll explain that this was just an innocent misunderstanding. A transport will be here in three days. I wish I could offer you more comfortable accommodations. Unfortunately, this detention complex is overcrowded at the moment. I would advise you to keep to yourselves. If the Suliban give you any trouble, simply tell one of the guards. I can't permit that, Captain. But I will call them personally and explain the situation. I'm sorry, but regulations forbid that. There's nothing to be concerned about. They've been placed in comfortable quarters and they're perfectly safe. I'm afraid that's not possible. Of course. They're also free to choose their own counsel. When you arrive at Tandar Prime you'll be contacted by the Central Magistrate's Office. I'm sending them now. Good luck to you. (Ends transmission.) I understand you were out after curfew last night, arguing with a Suliban. You should have my advice, Captain. I admire your spirit of exploration, but in this case it could get you into trouble. Keep to yourself. No, but I do have a question. Have you ever been to Oklahoma? I guess you could say I'm a curious man myself. After you mentioned that you were familiar with the Cabal I decided to speak with our intelligence agency. They've uncovered some interesting facts. Apparently two Suliban soldiers crash-landed near a town called Broken Bow, Oklahoma. They were chasing a Klingon, of all things. I was wondering if you could provide some insight into what they were doing there. Oh, I think you know a great deal. Enterprise took the Klingon back to his homeworld. Isn't that right? Rigel Ten. You made a detour there. From what I'm told, you contacted a woman named Sarin. You remember her? Well, I'll remind you. She was the head of a Suliban resistance cell. She was killed by the Cabal in a firefight at the trade complex. Several of our people saw you there, Captain. I believe you were injured, a shot in the leg. Do I have to ask your superiors about that as well? Information. What do you know about the Cabal? What genetic enhancements you've seen, Helix deployments. Who's giving them their orders? We both know they wouldn't be very helpful. That's a discussion for another time. Tell me what you know. They're here for their own protection. The last thing we wanted to do was build these detention centres, but we had no choice. When the Cabal began their activities there was a great deal of fear among the Tandarans. There were instances of violence. Fourteen innocent Suliban were killed in one day alone. We had to find a way to keep them out of danger. They wouldn't get very far. It's ironic, but once they're out of Tandaran territory the Cabal will hunt them down and turn them all into soldiers. They're better off here. One of the Cabal leaders is a man named Silik. He infiltrated your vessel approximately three months ago posing as a Borothan pilgrim. What did he want? Did he speak of the Temporal Cold War? I'm afraid the hearing's been postponed. The magistrate assigned to their case is in the middle of a very complex proceeding and it's taking more time than he expected. Hopefully not more than a few days. If you stay on course for Tandar Prime I'll arrange for an ambassador to show you our capital city when you arrive. I'm doing everything I can. Try to be patient. You'll hear from me soon. (Ends transmission.) Have you had a chance to reconsider? I'm willing to compromise, Captain. Just tell me what you know about Silik. If you're unwilling to discuss the Suliban, maybe you can help me with something else. We detected some unusual energy readings last night. At first we thought it was random interference, but after examining the readings more closely we discovered they were coming from your quarters. I'm told they're working perfectly. (He summons Klev, who has a guard holding onto Travis. He's been beaten.) (holding communicator) We found this in Ensign Mayweather's pocket but he wouldn't say how it got there. (Archer approaches Grat, so Klev zaps him in the back) I was hoping you could tell me. (silence) Take him to isolation. [Situation room] (Tucker points at orbital image of the area.) You seem to be off-course. I thought you were headed for Tandar Prime. What brings you here? If you're thinking about trying to circumvent our legal system I advise against it. [Bridge] You come any closer to our planet and my patrol ships will open fire. [Common area] (Travis is bathing his bloodied face.) Check your sensors and you'll see two patrol ships headed toward you. They'll have a weapons lock on your vessel in less than one minute. What? You have forty five seconds to leave orbit. (the image is beginning to fracture) You're jamming our frequencies. Break off your transmission now. (barely audible) I'm not going to warn you again. End your transmission and leave orbit. You have no idea what you've done. You haven't freed these people, you've condemned them. [Hole in the wall] (Tucker continues to shoot holes in the detention centre, and Travis stands guard at the new exit.) You had no right to interfere. They have no rights. They lost them the moment the Cabal began attacking us. Do you know how many people the Cabal have murdered? How many ships they destroyed? Colonies? You just gave them eighty nine new soldiers! These people have nothing left. They're desperate. They'll never be able to resist what the Cabal has to offer.
