Captain Archer. Harrad-Sar. Deactivate your weapon systems immediately, or I'll be forced to open fire. (pause for opening sequence) You're still targeting my ship. Not for long. Very well. (snaps fingers) I have a proposal to make. I prefer to discuss business in person. You're invited aboard my ship. What I have to say could smooth relations between your Starfleet and the Orion Syndicate. My hospitality is renowned, Captain. I don't offer it to everyone. And once I have been refused, I never offer it again. [Corridor and Transporter alcove] (The two officers are accompanied by two MACOs.) I am a privateer. My allegiance is to myself alone. I earn my living in various ways. Buying, selling. When the situation calls for it. Piracy is a risky business. I prefer commerce. This (the blue drink) is from a planet in the Gorn Hegemony. The less said about them, the better. But they do brew the finest Meridor in the five systems. I'm pleased. You have acquired something of a reputation, Captain. Well, you're wanted in the Klingon Empire, the Orion Syndicate. I don't know. I would imagine such a man would have a more robust appetite. Yes. Well, it's poor custom to discuss business before entertainment. If the food didn't arouse your hunger, this should. (Enter three skinny green women with their modesty barely covered, who proceed to dance for the Starfleet men.) What do you think? Captain? I think she likes you. (He means the one in the red bra.) HARRAD: Her name is Navaar. She's the most experienced of the three. They're sisters. I purchased them at a trading post you once visited. Incredible, aren't they? They can make you forget most of your troubles. Of course, creatures such as these come with troubles of their own. But women are the same throughout the galaxy, aren't they? (The dance ends, the girls leave.) Now we can talk business. [Ready room] Can I be of help, Captain? Do you need a tow? We still have weapons. You're not going to get this ship without one hell of a fight. I'd rather I didn't have to kill you, but if that's what it takes. The Syndicate wants your head, Captain, and they don't really care whether or not it's attached to your body. (The Orion ship starts firing at Enterprise.) Relax, Captain. Enjoy the ride. I'm afraid you have an appointment with a pair of Orion marauders. I don't intend to keep them waiting. I can see you're upset, and I sympathise, but it's truly out of my hands. We are both slaves to the situation. You finally realise that. Yes, Captain, you've been operating under a misconception. It is the men who are the slaves, not the women. [Engineering]
