Two meetings in the span of a week. People might start to talk. So, you want to go to Mars and you need my help. I believe I'm aware of the broad strokes. I also understand Paxton's tapped into the planetary sensor grid. No one can get within a thousand kilometres of the verteron array without being detected. What makes you think I even have that information? Because your section routinely thinks about the unthinkable. And because you'd never miss a chance to put me in your debt. You're a good judge of character. The grid was designed to function in the planet's original atmosphere, but terraforming's made the air much thicker.  Sections of the grid continually need re-calibration and are prone to false signals. You can exploit that weakness. The good news is, with terraforming there's no more need for pressure suits in the lowland. Oxygen, yes. Thermal garments You'll still need to reach the surface undetected. So, the student has surpassed the teacher. When you're finished with Mars, why don't you come work for me? And if Archer's coalition is formed, Enterprise could be busier than ever. Always the optimist. Good luck, Malcolm. (Harris offers his hand, and after a slight pause, Reed shakes it.) [Conference room]
Captain Archer, I'm told you have some questions for me. He's safe, on a mission of great importance to Starfleet. Reread the Charter, Article 14, Section 31. There are a few lines that make allowances for bending the rules during times of extraordinary threat. Take your pick. Earth's got a lot of enemies. What I want to talk about is Lieutenant Reed. He's done good work for us over the years. Don't be too hard on him. He was just following my orders. I can understand why you would feel that way, but this is bigger than one captain and one ship. All I can tell you is that if you interfere before Phlox completes his assignment, the repercussions will affect entire worlds. [Laboratory] (Phlox is holding four vials of green stuff.) There's been a complication. This time, your people failed to stop Enterprise. It's on its way to Qu'Vat, with Columbia. You know I don't have that authority. We had an arrangement! You agreed that both our governments would benefit if the two of us worked together. I called to thank you. Everything went according to our projections. The Empire's been stabilised. I doubt very much they'll be experimenting with Augments anytime soon. That's not how Krell wanted things done. When it's in our interest. I had to keep certain details from you as well. I hope there are no hard feelings. This mission wouldn't have succeeded without you, Lieutenant. Maybe you didn't understand our recruitment policy. You can't simply walk away. Lieutenant, why don't we (Reed ends the conversation and returns to his book.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
The last time we spoke, you asked me to never contact you again. First, we need an understanding. That by speaking to me, you're back in the game. Simple as that. She was more than just an emotionally troubled nurse. She was a member of an underground isolationist movement, Terra Prime. They believe it's corrupting our way of life. They had a resurgence following the Xindi attack. We think Khouri was trying to leave the movement. Her defection may have had something to do with the child. The child belongs to two of your crewmen. You tell me. That doesn't seem likely, does it? I admire your loyalty. We think Terra Prime is involved, and that they're planning something. We suspect it has something to do with the child. Find it, and we'll have the answers. [Paxton's office] (The establishing monochrome shot suggests we're on Moonbase Alpha.)
(he's not in SF uniform, but a black leather number) Burning the midnight oil, Lieutenant? Let me guess. You want to know why the grid covering San Francisco was down for maintenance tonight. Meet me at this address in one hour. (Incoming message - 1044 North Maple, San Francisco, California, USA, Earth. 94-1104-314159) [Hoshi's quarters] Not me personally. We have an assignment for you. There's a job that needs doing, Lieutenant, and it may be the only way to save your friend's life. [Laboratory] (Phlox is brought in by two Klingons.) Lieutenant. I regret what happened. But, they had to cover their tracks. That's not your concern. Have you analysed the weapon signatures yet? You haven't told Archer? Orion raiders have been known to operate in this area. You have a peculiar sense of humour, Lieutenant. Archer is a Starfleet captain. His duty would be to report everything you tell him to Admiral Gardner. They would launch an investigation. Then I suggest you adjust your comfort level, Lieutenant. You made a commitment to us long before you joined the Enterprise. (Enterprise is jolted by weapons fire.) What was that?
