Ma'am. We've familiarised ourselves with all the Bridge officers, Ensign. I'm Major Hayes, this is Sergeant Kemper, Corporals Romero and Chang. Captain Archer wanted the best. Ensign Sato's a linguist, Kemper. You give her enough time, she could probably tell you what street you grew up on. Let's hope it's soon. The quicker you folks find these Xindi, the quicker we can get to work. We have a briefing in a few minutes. If you'll excuse you. [Corridor]  Looks a little close to the mine, but I suppose it'll be all right. It's a simple matter of priorities. If those warships get here before we return from the surface, you could find yourselves dealing with a boarding party. You'd be in far better hands with a security force who knows Enterprise inside and out. With all due respect, sir, we can't be certain of that. Very good, sir. (Hayes leaves.) Fayette, go. (The MACO sets up his night scope and shoots the Foreman between the eyes. The second shuttlepod appears out of the gloom.)
Where's Corporal Hawkins? I'm sure you did everything you could. I'd appreciate a full report. [Degra's quarters] Ready to deploy on your command. Your place is on the Bridge, sir. Thank you. Would you like to go over my rescue plan? Sir? Permission to speak freely? I've never liked putting my people under someone else's command. You're senior Tactical Officer, but they're my team. I can't help but think that if I'd been there things might have turned out differently. I understand. When we first came aboard Enterprise, we definitely felt like outsiders. My point is, none of us feel that way anymore. We're all part of the same crew, no matter which uniform we wear. Don't worry about Ensign Sato. We'll bring her home. [Captain's Mess] (Porthos is watching his master hoping for scraps. Of course, he gets some.) Ensign. Ensign! Hayes to Enterprise. Enterprise, respond. We should get back to the beam-in point. (He hauls Hoshi over his shoulder easily.) [Trans-dimensional space] (under fire) Hayes to Enterprise. [Bridge] We've got Sato. Affirmative. (He uses a grenade to take out the Reptilians behind them, then carries on shooting at the ones in front.) [Reptilian Bridge] Go ahead. Take her. Lock on Kelly and Sato. (They get beamed out.) You two are next. (After Kemper, who has just been hit, and the other are safe.) I could use a change of scenery. I told him I was ready for duty. How's Ensign Sato? All in a days work. Use McKenzie. She knows the team. Rely on her.
Tell me something. Why won't you let me do my job? Some kind of shuttlecraft? Just being cautious. (He puts it back on the bench and straps it It's not you I'm worried about. I've been going over the results from the last training session. Your senior officers have shown a lot of improvement, but I think they can do better. With your permission I'd like to schedule some more target practice for Monday evening. Maybe he can sacrifice some leisure time for the sake of this mission. I'm not sure that's how the Captain would see it. Sir? Ma'am. (A glance from the Captain sends the gobsmacked engineers scurrying back to work.) [Archer's quarters] (Archer comes out of the bathroom, showered and shaved, when the doorbell chimes.) Scenarios like this can tell us a lot about the enemy's tactical capabilities. Much more that we'd learn from a standard analysis. This isn't exactly a game, Lieutenant. The simulation found that they're vulnerable here. They've got minimal shielding around their impulse manifolds. A pair of torpedoes should be enough to take out the engines. Thank you, sir. They certainly are. It's not every day I'm asked to confine a senior officer. I can't say I disagree with the Captain's decision. If one of my men disobeyed orders I'd throw him in the stockade. Go ahead, Captain. Aye, sir. Of course, sir. It won't be a problem, sir. Perfectly, sir. Go ahead. Where's T'Pol? Hayes to the Armoury. Armoury, respond. (He nods to the MACO at Tactical who leaves his post, then the Bridge doors open at the side and in the Situation room. There's a standoff between the mutineers and the MACOs, particularly Reed and Hayes with pistols aimed at each other's heads.) You intend to shoot me, Lieutenant? The Captain relieved you of duty. Both of you. Until the Captain says otherwise, I give the orders on this Bridge. [Hatchery] Contact the Captain. I gave you a direct order, Ensign. Where is he? It sprayed something in his face. Are you saying he thought he was the mother of those things? I'd like to speak with him, if you don't mind. Yes, ma'am. (T'Pol and Trip leave.) HAYES: Not the sort of thing they trained us for at West Point. You could have come to me, explained the situation. I probably would have.
Captain Archer wanted the best. Okay, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday. How does oh eight hundred sound. Any reason? How about Tuesdays and Fridays in the morning, Wednesdays in the evening. You're not making this very easy. With all due respect, I think that's exactly what you're trying to do. I wasn't aware I'd done that. If I'd come to you first you'd have turned me down flat. I didn't mean to deprive you of the opportunity. Whatever you might think, sir, my only concern is the successful outcome of this mission. We incorporate elements from numerous disciplines. It's extremely effective in hand to hand situations. What I'd like to do now is break up into sparring pairs, run through some of the moves you just saw. Let's get started. (Tucker pairs up with Cole, the other senior staff with other MACOs, T'Pol is watching Tucker get his bottom slapped when she gets floored by a simple punch.) Try the combination. Nice cross. (Travis floors his opponent every time.) Excellent. Effective combination. (The tables are turned, Travis gets slammed against the floor and bloodied.) You were looking at his hands when you should have been watching his eyes. All right, why don't we take five minutes We still have the shoulder throws to cover. Okay. For next time, work on your forearm blocks, and the elbow strikes. That was a sparring demonstration. He was on his feet. That made him fair game. It's just a little blood, sir. No one got hurt. Perfectly. We developed this specialised training system at Jupiter Station a few months ago. The goal is to hit as many targets as you can in ten seconds. Lieutenant, if you're up for it. Fall back. Start him off at level two. (Holographic target balls come flying around as Reed takes pot shots at them.) Four targets in ten seconds. Not bad for a first go, but you might schedule a little extra practice time. Kick it up to level four. (Hayes takes his own turn.) Nine hits. That's a mid-range score. Corporal Cole here has the record, fourteen hits at level four. Okay, lets do some shooting. We'll start at level two and work our way up. Who'd like to go next? (Tucker steps forward.) [Mess hall] I don't want to distract you. Always. Good forearm block. Nice back-fist. Show me the combination. (Reed gets thrown.) Faster on that combination. You're improving. Okay, Lieutenant. Tell me something. Why won't you let me do my job? Is that what this is all about? You think I want to replace you? I have no problems taking orders from you. (Hayes gives Reed a good beating.) After lunar survival training I could handle just about anything. Good sparring with you. (completely floored) What was that? Lieutenant. (The alien climbs onto the warp drive and sticks his hand in. Everything goes crazy and the crew get thrown about.) [Bridge] All right. (Reed is at the warp core controls.) It's settled, sir. Good, sir.
Reptilian? Two spatial charges. That's all it would take to destroy the complex from orbit. That's up to Captain Archer. I'm afraid you're going to have to stay right here. And I'm under orders. Please sit down. Captain. Sir. The suppressors are in place. The blast wave should be mostly confined to the facility. Sir, I noticed a lot of activity down there. It seemed like something is going on. Yes, sir. He could lead the reptilians back here. Just offering a tactical assessment, sir. Stand by, Captain.  [Refinery fence] You're clear, sir. (Archer heads in through the hole he cut earlier. Reed and Hayes watch as he runs over to the Reptilian ship.)  [Bridge]
