(waking) here am I? What happened? (sees Phlox for the first time) What's he doing here? Keep him away from me. I'd rather die than be treated by him. [Corridor] (Outside Sickbay, Phlox tries to explain.) I'd like to return to my ship. I prefer to be treated by another physician. Our history is much more than troubled. Did your doctor tell you that their battle tactics resulted in twenty million Antaran casualties? I imagine not. They've been very successful at putting it behind them. It's quite possible he's a proficient surgeon, but I don't intend to find out. I'm the first Antaran to even see a Denobulan in six generations. A few hours in our historical archives might change yours.  What are you doing? Very diligent. What a dedicated healer you must be. Practicing your bedside manner? I'm a teacher of xenomythology. I study the legends of alien species. How delightful that we have so much in common. Why do you want to save my life? Do you believe that saving one Antaran will assuage your guilt for killing millions? Now you finally have your chance. You must know a great deal about our anatomy after what your Do you have children, Doctor? Did you tell those stories to them? Did you teach them to hate Antarans just like you were taught? Don't they? If they were here right now, what would they think about their father talking to an Antaran? Would you even let them in the same room with me?  I'd prefer to spend my last few days alone. What are you talking about? I refused your treatment. Get away from me. I was told your principles prevented you from treating me against my will. Or don't your ethics apply to Antarans? What? I hope your confession makes you feel better, Doctor, but it doesn't change a thing. How would you know who we really are? What you said about your son. You seem sincere in your desire to set an example for your children. I wish more Denobulans felt that way. That seems unlikely. You made me think about my own family. I have children as well. I've decided to accept your treatment. [Caves] (Trip is hauling Travis up to the next ledge. Travis is holding onto a load of rock sample boxes, but drops one.) That's all right, Captain. The Doctor and I spent more than enough time together. The time I spent on your ship was an education in itself. Thank you for your help. Phlox told me. Have they been informed that I'll be travelling with them? And what was their response?
