It could simply be a coincidence. How do you know your contacts gave you accurate information? They have no way of knowing that we launched the probe. (to Reptilian) Learn everything you can about this human vessel. [Command centre] Their heading?
We owe you our gratitude. That doesn't prove the human's telling the truth. ARBOREAL If there's any truth in what he's saying, it means we can't trust her. Archer told you this? So now he's a time traveller! The Council must be informed. What about the aquatics? All of this collusion is dangerous. The Council is fracturing. We can't forget who the real enemy is. What exactly are you proposing? (Archer is unchained.) You were captured behind the controls of a ship armed with explosives, and you're asking for our trust? And now that your mission's failed, you want to negotiate. You maintain that by destroying your world we'll be ensuring our own annihilation. Because it's humankind that ultimately saves the Xindi from these Sphere Builders. I'm afraid it'll take more than this antique to convince us. You haven't changed ours. I'll assemble the Council.
You gave them the coordinates? They could launch an attack against the Council! This discussion is pointless. You won't be allowed to bring Archer before the Council. He'll be killed the moment he steps into the Council chamber. Do you believe Archer's being truthful? The humans could have manufactured this evidence. They'd do anything to save their planet. Reptilians patrol this side of the corridor. They'll destroy the human vessel as soon as it comes through. What makes you think the Reptilians won't fire on us? [Bridge] (The nebula is on the viewscreen.)
We've also learned that they were building this bioweapon in the past, on Earth.
They're nearly three hours ahead of us, but this vessel is faster. We're closing the gap. I can't tell. What if you need to board the weapon before your crewman completes her decryptions? The Insectoid ship is no longer with them. Dolim's changing course. They're heading for a space station. The weapon's emitting disruption waves. I can't get anything through. [Bridge] (Sphere forty one looms into view through the thick 'fog'.) We're matching speed. [Reptilian ship] We'll need to get within a kilometre of the weapon. Not yet. The Aquatic vessel should have you home in less than a day. It was difficult for the Insectoids to ignore recent events. They'll join us eventually. They have no choice but to accept that the Guardians' promises were empty. Your Captain's sacrifice will not be forgotten. Safe journey.
We're trying to determine their location. It's difficult to track them inside a vortex. Each of the five species has a set of commands to initiate the arming sequence. Three of them are needed to activate the weapon. Their actions aren't easy to predict, but so far they seem determined not to take sides. And that will take time. She may not have a choice. [Command centre] They're less than four light years from here. They're attempting to arm the weapon. The propulsion system has to be offline to do it. You may have noticed that Reptilians and Insectoids are more belligerent than we are. Their ships are armed accordingly. Their ships are extremely powerful, but they've seen your evidence. They're not convinced. (to Aquatic on viewscreen) Now isn't the time to dissolve the Council. So we should leave our fate in the hands of the Reptilians and the Insectoids? I disagree. The evidence the humans provided can't be ignored. They have agreed to meet with us, but don't expect much, Captain. [Aquatic ship] You have to deal with the Aquatics on their terms. They're here. That may not be true. It's only been three hours. The Council once needed to resolve a simple logistical matter. It took the Aquatics six days to agree to attend the meeting. On the contrary. Their prudence was usually the only thing that kept the Council from dissolving into chaos. That's why Degra had them build the weapon. He didn't want the reptilians and insectoids to have too much control. What's to prevent us from building another one? I knew Degra for many years. He could be difficult, uncompromising. We argued often. For instance, when he insisted that we meet with you. But when Degra spoke only a fool would ignore him. He believed there was a future between your people and ours. When this is over, I intend to see if he was right. That was remarkably fast. Have all ships concentrate their fire on the weapon. [Bridge] Captain Archer. The anomalies are creating a barrier between us and the weapon. [Bridge] We can't get through. [Reptilian ship] Doubtful. They have powerful weapons but their speed is limited. The ship isn't well-armed. It would be useless against the weapon. Captain, the Aquatics joined us only because you promised to neutralise the Spheres. They expect you to fulfil that promise.
The Council doesn't agree. On the subject of prisoners, the Council wants Archer for further interrogation. Perhaps the Council will have more success. You're ordered to release him immediately. We need Archer in good condition. We didn't want them here. We've also learned that they were building this bioweapon in the past, on Earth. You don't believe her. Why should we take Archer's word over hers?
We do not have enough information about the humans. Delayed. And the human threat will finally be eliminated. Degra, what's the delay? Degra! Why? [Xindi Council chamber] What happened? Degra [Weapon control centre] Can the problem be rectified?
How much of the lab was destroyed? Besides, we have no alternative. That option has been discussed and rejected. We do not have enough information about the humans! And exposed us to the humans. Allowed one of your soldiers to be captured. Do you expect us to reward you for this act of insubordination? This has left us more vulnerable that we were before.
Agreed. We need to return to the subject at hand. We haven't arrived at a decision yet. This is different. The Council is on the verge of tearing itself apart. We were all in the same room. You saw what happened. We are never going to convince the Reptilians or the Insectoids. Proceed. We have the three votes we need. Degra's dead. He was found in his quarters about an hour ago. He'd been murdered, stabbed. The Reptilians have called an emergency meeting of the Council. I believe their recent turnabout was nothing more than a ruse to keep us off guard. They're planning something, I'm certain of it. Your ship's in danger. He was a member of this Council. You're going to regret a lot more than that. And you accuse Degra of being a traitor! Neither will we. The weapon cannot be launched without three of the codes. You only have two. The Reptilians and Insectoids have seized control of the weapon. I've ordered all available ships to intercept. Concentrate your fire on the primary generators. [Bridge] Six metres below the aft thrusters. [Reptilian Bridge]
