All of Degra's schematics are encrypted. We've gotten close enough to isolate their signatures. We have no idea. All we know is that the weapon is being escorted by a single Reptilian vessel. Dolim's. They're eight hundred thousand kilometres ahead. A military installation? They're heading back towards the weapon. [Bridge] They're arming their torpedoes. There's another vessel approaching at high warp. They're asking for you. Your Captain is too deep within the weapon. (Flames rise from the middle of the weapon as Dolim dangles Archer over it. Archer manages to put a spare explosive charge on the Reptilian's back and get away from him. Then he smugly detonates it. Splat. Silhouetted by fire he runs along a gantry to the outer framework. The weapon explodes above Earth's atmosphere.)
They can't deploy the weapon. Not yet. They only have two. We obviously don't intent to give them ours. It's more likely the Reptilians and Insectoids will attempt to bypass the command codes themselves. You believe they'll use her to decrypt the arming sequence? If they'd stayed in the vortex, we wouldn't have found them. That wouldn't be wise. They've been joined by at least a dozen vessels. We're no match for them. They're extremely deliberate in everything they do. My species doesn't like the water. Captain. They're breaking off. Ten hours. Degra's ship is considerably faster. The Reptilians will have soldiers stationed aboard the weapon. The future of our people is at stake, as well.
Agreed. We've reviewed the data you sent. We're prepared to listen to what you have to say. (the Council members all take their places while Archer addresses them from the top step of the entrance) We did what we felt was necessary. We've had difficult sessions before. In the days following the founding of this Council You underestimate us. The Guardians addressed the Council. They presented what they claimed was a visual record taken from the future. That convinced the aquatics. The Avians. Once they darkened the skies of Xindus with their numbers. We formed the Council to prevent other Xindis from sharing their fate. After much deliberation we've agreed to listen to this new evidence you wish to present. Your data states that this alien disintegrated when it came into contact with our universe. The physical resemblance is hard to deny. So are we. Please, continue. [Inside the Sphere] You admit killing him. Why did you call this meeting? That's not a choice, it's an ultimatum. None of us will. Think about what you are doing. This alliance has lasted for decades.
