Fresh off the boat? One of the S-K models. They only give them to grubbers. Josiah. What brings you to this dump site? Yeah, that's what I was after, too. Only it wasn't the landscape I got sick of. At least there aren't as many of them up here. Seems like everywhere you go, humans are getting to be an endangered species. Bad enough you can't walk down the street without some freak show scaring the hell out of your kids. Now the government's making treaties with them. It's going to end with human beings becoming second-class citizens on their own world. Yeah, that's how I feel, too. Some of us are meeting tonight at twenty two hundred. Level seven, junction four. I think you'll like what we have to say. I'll look for you. (He leaves and T'Pol turns up.) Seven million people wiped out by aliens. Did the Xindi even apologise? Did our government ever demand an apology? And where are the reparations for the families of those seven million? And now those same leaders want to form a Coalition with Tellarites, Andorians, Rigelians, Coridanites and Vulcans! Vulcans, who not too long ago, massacred forty five humans working at the Earth embassy! Nathan Samuels claims that future generations will look back on this era with pride. But if things keep going the way they're going, there won't be any future generations. At least not human. I love humanity too much to sit by and let that happen. (Meanwhile, T'Pol is scanning the area where the doctor's body was found when she gets shot.) It's estimated that there are at least five thousand unregistered aliens on Earth. Now, another study puts that figure at ten thousand. This insanity is the direct result of our government's policy and the enforcers of that policy, Starfleet! We need to send a message to the people in power. And there's someone here tonight who is going to help us do just that. Commander Tucker, of the Starship Enterprise! (Everyone turns to stare at him.) [Travis' quarters] Hey, hey. Everyone's aboard, sir. We're being hailed. It's Starfleet Command.
They're not human. And they sat by while millions of our people died. World War Three. But they were up there with their superior technology. They could've stopped it, but they didn't. I think it suited their plans. A devastated Earth was much easier for them to control. Get back to work. Your friend. She's the first. You obviously did more than talk. And look at what you got for your trouble. Some half-human thing. (Tucker stands up, obviously angry.) Go ahead. You're a traitor. A traitor to humanity. [Shuttlepod] (The pod is launched into the tail of the comet, where it gets buffeted by the ice.) I'll be outside. (He leaves.) Co-ordinates locked in.
