Take him. I am your superior. You will salute. (She does so, sarcastically.) K'VAGHNow, report. One of you is missing. Did he die with honour? Report. Details. Details I can pass on to my superiors. How long until you find it? One hour. (K'Vagh goes to a room, possibly his office, and contacts another Klingon via his computer monitor.) [Krell's warship] I have news for the High Council. [Krell's warship] The Denobulan is close to perfecting the Augment's genome. If you sterilise this colony, then all our research will be lost. [Qu'Vat Colony] Your hour is up. We are running out of time! He died in combat for the Empire. Command chose his unit for the augment experiment when we had exhausted our supply of prisoners. My son was a warrior. He asked for no special treatment, and I gave him none. [Brig] (Reed can't cut his meat with the plastic knife, and Marab throws his meal against the wall.) He will become infectious soon. He should be quarantined. Be patient, Lieutenant. The Denobulan is working to stabilise the human DNA. You will all be healthy again, and stronger than any Klingon. I don't know. Your heart is still Klingon. As long as I draw breath, the Empire will not turn its back on you. [Archer's quarters] (Porthos is on the bed, sulking.) Which one? How long will it take? Fleet Admiral Krell will not extend his deadline. You have four right here! The ethics, Doctor, are simple. Three lives to save millions. (Antaak doesn't look too keen on the idea.) [Ready room] Soong's mistake was that he made too few of them. Klingons have discipline. How long until we know which one of us survives? Would bloodwine affect the results?  Then we shall drink to the bravery of these warriors! Doctor? I was told that you had been killed. We need him here. Cure? You were supposed to be perfect the Augment genome! Krell's ships are here. Not strong enough. You said you had two ships in orbit! Your ships are taking damage. What do you intend to do?
Secure him. (He is fastened into a chair.) Welcome to Qu'Vat Colony, Doctor. You will work with Doctor Antaak. Then you will die. You misunderstand me, Doctor. Antaak will be assisting you. I will let you two get reacquainted. I suggest you work quickly, Doctor. I expect a progress report by sunrise. (He leaves with one guard, leaving the other by the door.) Very observant. He won't be alive much longer. Proceed. [Reed's quarters] Is that really such a surprise, Doctor? It took only two human Augments to commandeer a Bird of Prey and murder its entire crew. The Empire could not allow an inferior species to gain an advantage on us. Imagine, every Starfleet vessel manned with genetically engineered humans. The Vulcans told that to the High Council. They weren't very persuasive. We were simply responding to a threat. If you hope to ever leave this place, I suggest you stop asking questions and resume work. [Science lab] {The two women are looking at a mangled black something.) We're running out of time. If you don't accelerate your efforts, there will be no one left to cure. The High Council has dispatched the fleet. They have annihilated N'Vak Colony. The Council will do whatever's required to contain this outbreak. Millions will be infected by then. The Council will not wait! Five days. The experiment failed! You could save the inhabitants of this planet. Take him. (Phlox is bustled out of the laboratory.) [Colombia Bridge]
