Dulsha tot! Kosh vos! (Goss hits Tucker with the crowbar.) [Captain's mess] {Plinn is lifting a fork full of spaghetti to his mouth when his pager goes off.) Tuvat at. Tuvat at. Luvasta eeva. Destas. Has trava dukla. (Goss burst in with his gun, and Tucker stands between him and Kaitaama.) Slovasa toraya. Am sotey. Tule bas? Has nos? Votni vay, atayun ponas. Akasa jorat. Foraya nuratay. fegasa ana a'hanjura. Serotta jho. Who is Hoshi? How long have I been in stasis? You are an officer? Explain yourself. What do you know about my abductors? I am their prisoner. I was returning from a diplomatic mission when they attacked my transport, murdered my guards. You don't know who I am, do you? My family is known on hundreds of worlds. I am First Monarch of the Sovereign Dynasty of Krios Prime. Ransom. No doubt they'll demand a high price for my safe return. And how do you propose we do that? You're not going anywhere. We'll remain here until they contact the Sovereign Guard. Once the ransom has been paid, we'll be released. It's too dangerous. If you leave, it would provoke them. (Tucker crouches by a hatch.) You are not to leave this chamber. Is your entire species so ill-mannered? You know, if you were thinking rationally you'd be repairing that stasis pod. He did threaten to kill you. He'd never harm me. I'm too valuable to them. You're correct, Mister Tucker. I don't take advice from people like you. I'll be fine. Krios Prime. Once you launch an escape pod what makes you think they won't destroy it? How much farther? Are you sure this is the right direction? Kaitaama. It's my name. (Tucker stops to do something to a panel's interior.) What are you doing? This is meant for one person. What was that? What do you propose we do next? I assumed you had a plan. Among the commoners. Only joking. Where? What makes you think any of those planets are habitable? Proceed. (Later, Trip is trying to get the pod controls sorted out.) You're touching me. It's inappropriate to touch the First Monarch. You have no idea how to control this vehicle. Even if we do find a breathable atmosphere and you manage to land without killing us, what will we do about food? Water? There could be hostile lifeforms on the surface. How will we protect ourselves? My what? Quickly. My hand. You're sitting on my hand. I'll try. [Enterprise] (It's semi dark, and there appears to be just one table and chair here. Reed and a guard enter with Plinn.) Are there any provisions? I'm hungry. You do it. Is it edible? (Tucker takes a bite.) Car? The Sovereign Guard would cut off one of your hands. The First Monarch doesn't socialise with the opposite sex. Four years ago, before I was selected to ascend to First Monarch, I was courted by young men from many noble families. Now I spend my personal time in the company of my father's advisors. You haven't finished your work. (Later, the little pod approaches a planet and they study the sensor readouts.) It's all water. Will we be able to breathe? Do you detect any lifeforms? Are you certain we have the correct planet? You may begin our descent. Can you repair it? Mister Tucker! What is that? This heat is unbearable. Where are we going? Your vessel will never find us here. You're bleeding. Remove your uniform. We have no idea what microbes live in this environment. It could become infected. You're my only hope of surviving here, Mister Tucker. I don't intend to let you die. (He strips to the waist while she gets out the first aid kit. Tucker sniffs the contents of a tube to see what it might be.) Hold still. The provisions won't last for more than a day. You're welcome. (Later, as Trip tries to make a fire lighter out of the thruster, Kaitaama throws down a small handful of sticks.) There's very little dry wood. I'm not your servant. You're the one who was raised in a primitive environment. You find the wood. You're obviously better suited to physical labour. I should have you imprisoned for speaking to me that way. I'm beginning to think that would be preferable. How dare you! You insulted the First Monarch! What's wrong? Your vessel? Leave him. (Tucker drags Goss onto drier ground.) There's someone else here. (The pair are groping around in the water, with their backs to us, when there's a voice.) Two hundred and forty six days. I doubt they would, but once I've been made First Monarch I'll have the authority to change the rules. Come visit me. Perhaps you'll find out. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
