Do I have you to thank for this? (He holds up his hand.) Did he? What do you want. Nine fingered Xindi. What do you want? You came all the way to this hideous planet, bribed the foreman to see me, for what? Directions to my planet? I find that hard to believe. But you don't know where to find them. (Kessick pulls off the scarf. He has slight forehead ridges and knobbly bits near the cheekbones.) Well, if you want information, you're going to have to help me escape from this place. Do these look like volunteers? We're captives, slaves! The only payment I'm interested in is my freedom. If you can't provide me with that, stop wasting my time. Not until you get me off this planet. Shuttlepod? You have a starship in orbit? You've made it so easy for them. Usually they have to go out and find ships to replenish their labour force. (Archer and Tucker find the door is now locked) You flew right into their trap. You might consider waiting for your colleagues to rescue you, but it sounds like they're about to become quite busy. If you have a shuttlepod on the surface I can get you to it, but you'll have to take me with you. [Bridge] Thirty one, to be exact. Help me with this. There's a lever below your knees. Pull it up. (Archer helps turn the wheel as Trip reaches down for the lever. The access door opens.) Plasma duct thirteen hasn't been used since I've been here. There's one every eight levels. (working another lever) Opening the emergency baffle up there. It's a steel plate that locks into place during maintenance cycles. Follow me. (He leads them up the ladder, Archer following, then Tucker in the rear.) [Armoury] The residue in the atmosphere is at least thirty times more toxic than it is down here. This is the first time I've had the luxury of a ship waiting for me. [Shuttlepod] You've risked your lives to learn where my homeworld is, because you say you have important business with my people? Which species? Have you ever even met a Xindi before today? Not all of them do. There are five distinct species of Xindi, and five distinct opinions on which one is dominant. (Something clangs in the duct.) It isn't. They've obviously re-routed the plasma. I don't know. That's where the plasma's coming from! We should go up. It's too late. We'll be killed. Get out of my way. They forced me to come with them. They said they'd kill me if I didn't. Just now, this one, he tried to throw me into the plasma. Said they didn't need me any more. Thank you, thank you. If you hadn't been waiting here I don't know what I (The guard knocks him down.) You promised to take me away from here. No, please, you have to help me! The coordinates of my homeworld. If you want them you'll have to take me with you. No, I promise you. [Planet surface]
