Come here, let's go. What are you barking at? (A blonde woman with interesting Trill-style spots on her body, wearing a swimming costume, picks up the hairless dog and gazes up into Archer's eyes, then goes indoors.) [Club] (The boys have changed into different shirts, with jackets, and are checking out the ladies.) I'm sorry to bother you, but I think my dog is on your deck. There you are. (She picks up her dog.) I hope she didn't hurt Hello, Porthos. She's been cooped up for weeks. I should have known she'd run off the first chance she got. Keyla. (She holds out her hand and they shake.) Yes. You? You should always listen to your science officer. There's this little boat that sails into the bay every evening just after sunset. You wade out, and they serve seafood right off the deck. Well, I'm sorry to disturb you. Thanks again. You're not here with your science officer? In that case. Oh, no, I'm sorry. I can't tonight. Tomorrow? So do I. Goodbye, Porthos. [Restaurant] (The majority of the dialogue is in Risan with subtitles.) Jonathan? You're up late. Don't you get enough of that on your ship? Will you show me what you're looking at? I'm sorry you had to eat alone. Well, they must have a lot of stories. What am I looking for? Is that your sun? It's so faint. You're a long way from home. You're an explorer. I wouldn't be surprised if they're naming schools after you back on your world. Oh, I really don't have a very good sense of direction. I got lost coming back from the lobby today. And all the villas look the same. Like the numbers on the doors. Why don't you start by telling me about some of the places you've been. We'll get to the starship navigation later. [Club] Good morning. I thought we could take our dogs to the beach if you don't have other plans. Certainly. Please. What are you reading? I knew there was a reason I liked you. (She looks at his book.) It's Rhylo. I adopted her when she was a puppy. Anything else? We've been having such a wonderful time. I really don't want to spoil it. I did have a family. They were killed. My parents, my brother, my husband. It was our own fault. We'd been warned about the Suliban. We should have gotten out while we had the chance. You know about them? I'll be adventurous if you will. It's getting better. Oh, the water was very shallow. I should have watched where I was stepping. It's a little sweet for my taste. Camouflaged. We could only see them when they moved. I'm not talking about turtles. You said you knew who they were. Have you seen them? Did they hurt anyone that you cared about? How do you fight something you can't even see? I was told that they take their orders from the future. All their genetic enhancements, they were taught to do that by someone from the distant future. It's no secret. They've attacked dozens of ships, settlements. But where do they come from? Where do they live? What are they planning to do next? You know that isn't true. They keep enlisting more of their people into the, what do they call it? The Cabal. You must know something about them, Jonathan. Most of what I have learned about them has come from rumours and hearsay, but you have seen them face to face. I want you to tell me what you know. Where are their Helixes? Where do they live? You're the first person I've met in over a year who's had any contact with them. Thank you. I'll be right back. (She leaves.) Ready? Tandarans? I don't understand. Who? You're wrong, Jonathan. You're all wrong. I think I should leave. I'm sorry. You've been very kind to me. I'm going to check out now. I can't have you interfering. [Club] (The boys are out of the cellar, but still in their underwear.)
