Is he infectious? Then return to your ship. You're not here to treat him. I'm Kolos, your advocate. The tribunal's about to begin. (Kolos walks out, and Archer follows him.) I'm familiar with the charges. Now that you've been charged, the evidence against you will be presented. I will conduct your defence. I know what happened. You mustn't speak during the tribunal. I'll speak for you. [Hall of Justice] (The gallery is chanting and banging their spears on the floor.) Enemy. There is no jury. (another figure enters) Prosecutor Orak. His success is well known. I've performed my duty. (The Magistrate enters and raises sparks with his gavel.) It's not important. My apologies, Magistrate. Be silent, or you will be removed. He'd say nothing that would help you. No, Magistrate. Targ. I told you to remain silent. You should have listened to me. My strategy may yet spare your life. I've spoken with the Magistrate. He's willing to show you mercy if you co-operate. Tell him where to find the rebels. It doesn't matter what you believe. They're subject to the laws of the Empire. There's nothing you can say that will change that. Where did you take them? Another ship? A planet? Do you understand what will happen if you don't tell them? I'm offering you a way to save your life. They would be charged with treason. Only a fool would sacrifice himself for people he barely knows. Don't be so quick to accuse me of sharing their interpretation of the law. I became an Advocate many years ago. They were different times. The courts were more willing to listen. I'm an old man. Too old to challenge the rules. I'm not afraid. I have. He does. He wishes to testify in his own defence. With respect, Magistrate, no verdict has been reached. I am within my rights to present further testimony. Surely I don't need to remind the Magistrate, the judicial charter of Koloth states an advocate is entitled to challenge the charges at any point during the tribunal. To my knowledge, that charter has not been cast aside. From the time of Kahless, our courts have stood as a forum where justice is dispensed with honour. Now, will my case be heard, or will it not? Identify yourself. Will my client be allowed to testify, or not? Recount for this tribunal your recollection of the events.  You knew they were fleeing the Empire. And you chose to show them compassion. And Prosecutor Orak has yet to prove that he has. Continue. As any good Klingon Commander would be. I was assured the accused would be allowed to speak without interruption.  You say the Bortas fired first. And you tried to reach an accommodation with Captain Duras? So you were simply defending your ship when you attacked the Bortas? And then what happened? You could have destroyed the Bortas. Why didn't you? Not your enemy. I submit to this tribunal that Captain Archer is guilty. Guilty of meddling in Klingon affairs on more than one occasion. In fact, I've discovered his name is well known to the High Council. The accused once stood before the Chancellor himself and exposed a Suliban plot that would have thrown the Empire into civil war. The facts are on record. Perhaps the Prosecutor has grown complacent with his research. The records of the Imperial Fleet also mention this man. His ship was instrumental in the rescue of the Klingon Raptor, the Somraw, from the dense atmosphere of a gas giant. It has everything to do with this case. It shows a pattern in Archer's behaviour that was repeated in his encounter with Captain Duras. Yes, he may be self-righteous, but his meddling has saved a Klingon ship and perhaps the fate of the Empire itself. If Captain Archer is guilty, he is guilty of nothing more than being a nuisance, and hardly worth the attention of this tribunal. And if he must be punished, let the punishment fit that crime. [Detention cell] It usually doesn't take long at all. I must have been more persuasive than I thought. Don't thank me yet. The odds are still very much against us. (He gets a small flask out and offers it to Archer.) Bloodwine. It should help make the wait more pleasant. (Archer takes a mouthful.) Don't feel badly if you can't stomach it. Oh, I'm not sure. Over two hundred. But that was a long time ago, when the tribunal was a forum for the truth and not a tool for the warrior class. You didn't believe all Klingons were soldiers? My father was a teacher. My mother, a biologist at the university. They encouraged me to take up the law. Now all young people want to do is take up weapons as soon as they can hold them. They're told there's honour in victory, any victory. What honour is there in a victory over a weaker opponent? Had Duras destroyed that ship he would have been lauded as a hero of the Empire for murdering helpless refugees. We were a great society not so long ago, when honour was earned through integrity and acts of true courage, not senseless bloodshed. What changed? The sentence is death. You condemn this man to Rura Pente. What is the life expectancy of a prisoner there? Six months, a year at the most? And you expect us to believe that this is an act of mercy. I ask for no special treatment. Only that my client be judged fairly, as any Klingon would be judged. But it has been many years since anyone stood in this chamber and received justice. Honour? You acknowledged that Captain Archer acted with conviction and integrity, and how do you reward him? With this grand public display of compassion before sending him to his death in a frozen cave. Forgive me if I fail to see the honour in that. Perhaps I spent too much time in the law library and not enough in the battlefield. You're a fool. Haven't you learned your lesson? This is why you were sent here in the first place. For interfering in affairs that have nothing to do with you. So, are all humans like this? Stupid. Stand up. We have work to do, unless you want to sleep on the surface. (Later, as the pair dump some rock into a cart.) Prosecutor Orak has been busy. (They return to work, but one of the newcomers leaves the group and approaches Archer. Kolos intercepts him.) Stay away from us. We have nothing you want. I can't go with you. I've been an advocate for fifty years, and I spent the last twenty of them standing in that tribunal playing my part, holding my tongue, and all the while honourable men were being sent to places like this without the benefit of a defence. And then I was assigned your case. You told me that on your world a few courageous people made a difference. I'm not sure I have the courage, but I know I'll never be able to restore honour to my people living as a fugitive. Most prisoners here have very little to live for. Go. Go!
