(young, brown-haired, a little tubby) There are a lot of women on your ship. Is it true you mate year-round, with any of them you choose? You're the first we've met, but I've heard a lot of stories. Your people indulge their passions. Do you really eat six meals a day? And what about sleep? I understand you spend more than half the day in bed. I'd like that, Commander. A Vulcan anthropologist told me he'd seen the ritual during an Earth expedition. I see. Your species does have a reputation, but I've always suspected the stories were exaggerated. Gladly. Please. Go ahead. Ah, you mean sex. (Heads turn.) Well, we do have it, if that's what you're asking. No, please join us, Mister? Kov. We were just discussing Vulcan mating rituals. Most of my people are extremely uncomfortable talking about such things. So many inhibitions. Vulcan males are driven to mate once every seven years. Over the past few years, we've been developing methods to accelerate the mating cycle. I've had enough, thank you. Back to work? A pleasure meeting you, Mister Reed. Captain. The repairs to our propulsion system are going well. Mister Tucker's been very helpful. Is there a problem? You spoke with him? It's a kind offer, but I'll deal with this myself. Thanks for the message. Kov stands to leave.) The last time I spoke with my father, he said I'd brought shame to fifteen generations of our family. If it isn't too much trouble, would you please send a message back for me? Tell him that we said goodbye a long time ago. [Vahklas] I've already been through this with your Captain. If you knew my father, you'd understand. I consider you a friend, Trip, and I appreciate what you're trying to do, but please don't. I have no intention of contacting him. I test-fired our port thruster last night. It's still off by twelve percent. No. Only when it's part of some tedious ceremony. Interesting, but what does that have to do with our thruster problem? Five thousand. I will. (at airlock) I thought you'd like to know, I got an update on my father. Apparently, his condition's improved. The surgeons implanted a vaso-stimulator. They say, with any luck it'll extend his life a few years. I already did. My father's the one who gave me the good news. Thank you, Trip.
