I'd stay quiet if I were you. The guards don't like questions. Keep still, all of you, if you want to get out of here. (An alarm sounds as they try to get into the Bridge. One officer there gets a weapon, goes into the prisoner's area and is promptly shot, then the Nausicaan forces his way through the doors to beat up the pilot. The defeated Enolians are put in shackles with the rest of the prisoners.) I told you we needed the pilot. Does he look like he's in any condition to fly this ship? Just watch them! You'll be released soon enough. Be patient. You'll find out. Quiet! I'll see if I can access navigation. You're a pilot? Come with me. (He releases Archer's shackles.) Just you. (The Nausicaan stands guard as the pair go forward.)  [Prison transport Bridge] (Archer examines the alien controls carefully.) I thought you were a pilot. Navigation? (Archer touches a screen and gets a schematic of the stars.) There's a binary system four light years from here. Set a course. I'll tell you that when we get there. Just get me to that system. (The ship changes course.)  [Prison transport] (The pilot is still unconscious.) The guard said you were going to be released. Why? Every detail. (shows his wrists) Would they? Subdermal implants. They depolarise triburnium alloys. I served seven years on Canamar before I escaped. I don't intend to go back. So, I left prepared. What is that? I hope you're not trying to send a message. Now it's offline.  [Bridge] I'm surprised we haven't crossed paths before. Sol? What is it? Let me see them. (He brings up an image on the navigation screen.)  KURODA: Enolian patrol ships. More quickly than I expected. When you were taking the transceiver offline, you didn't activate it accidentally? Do the same. We have weapons. use them. And I'd rather not. Now charge the weapons. (The ship is hit.) Return fire! I'm warning you. (over communicator) Cease fire, cease fire. We surrender. (It all goes quiet.) Acknowledged. (As the two ships slowly approach from astern.) Lock weapons. Target their warp reactors. As soon as they repair the damage they'll come after us again. All right.  [Prison transport] [The Nausicaan puts Tucker back in shackles.) That was a clever trick, igniting the plasma. You obviously ran out of clever tricks, otherwise you wouldn't be here. What happened? They didn't believe you? My good fortune. You should consider coming with us. Your partner, too. I have some business I wasn't able to finish before I was arrested. It could be profitable. Trust me, you'll be very interested when you find out what I have in mind. The fourth planet. There's a trading outpost called Tamaal. A ship's going to meet us there. This transport draws too much attention.  [Prison transport] Don't bother. It won't be flying much longer. (the Nausicaan enters with a bowl) I'm not hungry. I can wait. I said I'm not hungry. (The Nausicaan leaves.)  KURODA: Prison rations! You've obviously never spent time on a penal colony. I was fourteen when I first tasted those rations. I've had enough for one lifetime. I was young, but I was no criminal. My father and I were working at a transport yard on Keto-Enol. A supervisor accused me of stealing a brace of latinum. I had nothing to do with it, but they couldn't find anyone else to blame. I was sentenced to five years at Duronom. Enolian Guards are known for their severity. Haven't you seen that by now? I learned far more in prison than my father could have ever taught me. After I was released, I chose to put my new skills to use. I suppose I should be grateful. If it wasn't for the Enolian Guard, my life would have been quite dull.  [Prison transport Bridge] (The transport drops out of warp near a binary system.) They'll be here. We're not landing. They're going to dock with us. No. Before we leave, you're going to set this ship on a decaying orbit. As far as anyone will be able to tell, we crashed trying to land. No one will be looking for us if they think we're dead. If you don't like it, you can always go back to your seat. I may not know how to fly this ship, but I'm sure I can figure out how to crash it.  [Bridge] My friends will be here soon. Lay in a descent course. We have already discussed this! (Archer touches several controls before activating the comm.) (to Archer) Stay here.  [Prison transport] (As Kuroda walks out through the door, Tucker is hiding with the rifle.) (opening the door) Get to work. Move!  [Prison transport] (Tucker wakes up back in shackles again as the smaller ship comes up alongside the transport.) We need to break orbit. You're lying! I won't go back!
