 Hello? Yeah, yeah, it's all set, just like we discussed. And the money, same as last time, right? [Warehouse] One hundred milligrams. Don't worry, I'll get it right. Maybe with your friend. What? Oh, yeah. Now I remember. Small world, huh? Sure, yeah. Georgia Tandy, O negative. Come here. (There's a brief struggle as he puts the Loomis. (The gates open, he drives in, parks up and carries Georgia inside.) [Warehouse] (Inside the American Wrecking Company building, there are two rows of beds, and most have occupants. There are medical monitors and other hospital equipment around.) There you go, nice and comfy. (He lays her on bed, attaches an IV and puts a pair of electrodes on her forehead. Then he collects a briefcase containing his money and leaves.) [Archer's quarters] Are you Vaughan Strode? I'm from the blood bank. We had a screw-up this afternoon. We gave you the wrong papers to sign. No, no, no, they don't want the money back. In fact. they're going to pay you again. Twenty five bucks. They just need you to sign the right papers. No, they wouldn't let me. You've got to do it in front of the supervisor. You know, the fat broad that paid you. They sent me to drive you down. Yeah, I know. They want to send your blood work out first thing in the morning and they can't do it without the right paperwork. You want the twenty five bucks or not? (Strode opens the door and comes out in his wheelchair.) Loomis. (The gate opens. He drives through as T'Pol watches) [Inside the Warehouse] (Strode is now laid out on a bed. Damron is hiding in the shadows.) I insert IVs all day, I told you that. If there are any infections here it won't be because of me. You forget something? Well, that's not what we agreed. You said I'd get paid for each one. We should wait a while, a few more days at least. There was something on the news. Cops are starting to get some complaints that people have gone missing. Look, as soon as they figure out that all these people here have been to the clinic, it won't take a rocket scientist to point the finger at me. Look, I don't know what you guys are up to, and I don't want to know. It's not my business. But the cops don't take kindly to people who help terrorists. I gotta be real careful. Double? Tomorrow? Yeah, all right. I'll have them here by tomorrow. [In the truck] (They're waiting for Loomis to leave.) Ninth floor. (rejected) Two hundred and eighty pounds. (rejected) William Myers, second floor. (There's a knock on the door, and it's someone he doesn't know. Archer's scanner tracks him trying to get out down the fire escape and breaks in. T'Pol is at the bottom of the ladder and floors Loomis with a neck pinch.  Back in the apartment, Loomis is awake and tied to a chair.) I swear I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, I took that from the clinic. I work at the blood bank on Porter Street. Check with them, they'll tell you. I've been there for over a year. Make a few extra bucks. There's plenty of people on the street looking for that stuff. I don't like cops. I've never been to Carpenter Street. I told you, I don't know what you're talking about. I think it's time you find me a lawyer. You heard him. Untie me. (T'Pol unties him.) LOOMIS: That's better. (Archer floors him with a massive punch then drags him back onto the chair to be retied.) You're not allowed to hit me. No, no, no, no, wait a minute! Wait a minute! Wait a minute, I don't know who he is, I swear to God. A doctor, maybe. Says he's working on a vaccine, experimental. He doesn't have approval or something like that so he needed me to bring him people. I thought about that. Just tonight, I thought maybe he's some kind of terrorist. But I swear if I knew that for a fact I never would have agreed to help him. But he said he wasn't going to hurt anybody. I just saw them an hour ago. They're all okay. Five. No, no, six. The wheelchair guy was number six. I told you, I work at the blood bank. He wanted someone from every blood type. Eight blood types, eight people. He figured I had access to that kind of information. (T'Pol hands Archer the files.) Five thousand apiece, double for the last three. I told you, he said he wasn't going to hurt any of them. He only calls me on the phone. I saw him a couple of times, but he stays in the shadows. You know, he's kind of tall, that's all I can tell you. Why don't you let me go. I swear to you, I will never do it again. What are you talking about? Yeah. Come on, I'm not talking about anything fancy. A burger, a taco? There's a drive-through less than a mile from here. Cops have to eat, don't they? What is the matter with you two? I'll pay. I'll have the Double Superbeef, no lettuce. Do it. Yeah, fries and a medium root beer. You guys don't mind, do you? I'm starving. You know, it'd make it a lot easier if you'd untie my hands. It's not like I'm going anywhere. Uh oh, I told you. Let me get that for you. Oh boy. (She pushes him back and throws the piece They'll come in to take fresh blood samples every hour. They re-administer the sedative every six hours. I recommend you do whatever you're going to do before then. (The door at the top of the stairs opens.) Number seven. B, B negative. You'll have AB positive by tomorrow night, I swear. Nice ray gun. Am I supposed to believe that thing's for real? (She fires at the driver's door and it makes a hole.) Ten grand a piece for the last three and I'm not going to see a penny of it.  You catch these guys and I get immunity, right. We're not talking about copping to a lesser charge. Hey, I'm taking a big chance here, okay? If your associate doesn't catch them, they're going to come looking for me, okay? You two have to keep your word. Relax, just getting a smoke. (T'Pol stares in horror at him lighting up.) I don't know about you, honey, but I'm a little tense. know what I mean? If you want some air, open your window. (She holds the phase pistol to his head.)  Trouble? They give you all that fancy equipment and what good does it do you. (winding it down) I knew your partner's plan wouldn't work. What's going on? (He is pushed against the car and frisked.)LOOMIS: Hey, hey, hey, I didn't do anything. Those two cops who came to my place, they offered me a deal. That's the only reason I helped them. Those creature, the lizard people, they're around here somewhere. You've got to find them. Be careful, be careful. They've got ray guns.
