We couldn't stop it from entering the vortex. It's on it's way to Earth. Everything is happening as it did before. Captain Archer, you must reverse course immediately. There's no time to explain. Alter your heading. Your weapons won't be necessary. I'm Lorian, Commander of Enterprise. Karyn Archer, my first officer. (A woman with a protrusion all down her forehead to her nose.) We should find a place to talk. Perhaps the Conference room? You'll want T'Pol to join us. [Conference room] (As the two ships hang in space like Siamese twins.) You can't take your ship into the subspace corridor. If you do, you'll be thrown back in time a hundred and seventeen years. Because it's already happened. We're here to make certain that history doesn't repeat itself. [Bridge - Lorian's narrative] The Kovaalans attacked Enterprise as soon as it entered the nebula. The trip through the corridor took only a few seconds, but it didn't take long before your crew realised something was wrong. Enterprise was in the right place [Conference room] But it was over a hundred years early. We're not entirely sure why this happened, but we have a theory. We think your impulse wake destabilised the corridor, causing it to shift in time. Your crew realised it would be their descendants [Conference room] Who'd have to complete this mission. It was only a matter of time before the first child was born. Enterprise became a generational ship. You showed your children how to operate and maintain it's systems, and they did the same for their children. You've hardly changed, mother. You made alliances with other species, traded technology for food and supplies. You even acquired a few alien crew members. We did our best to carry out the mission you gave us, Captain. We had years to prepare, but in the end we were only one starship. Our weapons were no match for the Xindi. We couldn't stop the first attack, but we can help you stop the second. We can make certain you reach the rendezvous with Degra this time. We got these schematics from Haridan traders. We can use them to modify your injector assembly. You'll be able to travel at warp six point nine for brief intervals. We'll show you how to reinforce structural integrity. You'll be able to reach Degra in less than two days. Our plasma injectors are too old. They can't handle the stress. But your injectors are practically new. You're still not convinced. We don't have a lot of time. You need to start these modifications. I wasn't raised with the same inhibitions most Vulcans have. My human side has allowed me to find a balance between emotion and logic. I've even been known to tell a joke on occasion. Would you hand me the coil spanner? I learned almost everything I know by studying your engineering logs. I'm sure you would have. You should reinitialise the start-up routine before going to warp six. You died when I was fourteen. I'm not sure we should be discussing your future. You were a good father. It's strange being able to tell you that. [Deleted scene] She never told me. Mother rarely talked about you. I think it was too painful. She cared for you a great deal. Your relationship was somewhat contentious. But you were always affectionate towards each other. We should finish up with these injectors. [E2 Corridor] There's only a twenty two percent chance of an overload. There's no alternative. You'll be thrown into the past if you try to use the corridor. The Kovaalans will attack Enterprise the moment it enters the nebula. If they damage your manifolds, the corridor will destabilise again. You have to listen to me. Saving Earth is my mission as much as yours. You're the Captain. [E2 - T'Pol's quarters] You shouldn't have spoken to Archer. If they use that corridor their mission will fail. Earth will be destroyed. You know nothing about being human. Maybe you'd be a little more concerned if Vulcan was in danger, and not Earth. [E2 - Command centre] We'll meet with Degra. I'll speak to the Xindi Council. Archer's following the same course of action he did before. He's not going to be at the rendezvous. We can't just sit here and hope he succeeds. Billions of lives are at stake. We're going to use the injectors from Archer's ship. No. My father's a resourceful engineer. He'll be able to fabricate new injectors. I know this won't be easy, but we've had to make difficult choices before. Our parents and grandparents lived and died aboard this ship to ensure that someday we would be able to stop the Xindi. This is our time. If Earth is going to survive, we have to act. [Engineering annex] Injectors are still online. Greer, [Relay control] how much longer? (after the crewman Trip was talking to is shot) Hold your fire. Get back to the ship. (the injectors are removed) Go. Archer gave me no other option. I'm sorry. (he stuns Tucker.) [Bridge] Take us to warp. Get us out of here, full impulse. Return fire. [Bridge] Bring us in low, underneath them. Target their hull plating relays. [Bridge] There's too much at stake. Stand down weapons. Tell Archer I want to talk. [Brig] Your mission is over, Captain. You just won't accept it. I took the only logical course of action. You wouldn't understand. You can't. You don't know what it's like living with the responsibility. Millions of people are dead because of me. I could have destroyed it. Years ago, I swore to my Captain on his deathbed I'd save those seven million lives. You were the man I made that promise to. I devoted my life to that mission. We knew the co-ordinates of the launch platform, the exact minute the weapon was going to be deployed. But our plan didn't work. I had one last chance. Use Enterprise itself, set a collision course with the probe. But I hesitated, my emotions took over. I couldn't give an order that would kill my crew. By the time I realised my mistake it was too late, the probe was gone. I won't let my emotions get in the way again. I will not let Earth be destroyed. (Archer opens the cell door and goes in.) They must have been surprised when your reflection turned and attacked. [Bridge] Bring us a hundred metres off Archer's bow. Power the tractor emitters. Captain, tell your crew to brace themselves. [Bridge] (E2's tractor beam grabs Enterprise and hauls it along.) What about Archer? See if we can get the alien's attention. Torpedoes. full spread. [Bridge] Disengage the tractor beam. New course, one eight zero mark zero. (E2 sling-shots Enterprise into the corridor and engages the enemy.) [Bridge] We'll keep them off your back. Your momentum will carry you into the corridor. [E2 - Bridge] We'll follow as soon as we can. Tell my parents that I'll see them soon. [Bridge] Reserve power to hull plating. [Bridge] (Enterprise enters the subspace corridor.) Divert everything to the phase cannons. Continue firing. [Bridge] (Enterprise emerges from the subspace corridor.)
