Who's paying for the box? (The undertaker looks towards the lady I'm sorry I didn't get there in time to stop them. He'd have gotten a trial. Bethany, he killed a man. Self-defence or not, that's a hanging offence for a Skag. (As Bethany walks down the street, a familiar man walks over to a woman wearing a scarf to cover the tips of her ears.) Is there a problem here? I saw you this morning at the undertakers. What's your business here? This Skag a friend of yours? It's a little hot for coffee, don't you think? Keep an eye on him. Make sure he leaves town. And Bennings, leave the Skag alone. [Skagaran settlement] Care for a shave, Mister Archer? You sure? There ain't nothing like a barber shave to make a man feel civilised. Suit yourself. Thanks Henry. Have a seat. Skagaran whisky. It's illegal, but I've let Then maybe you can tell me why you were out in Skagtown in the middle of the night. My deputy says you and Miss Bethany were teaching those children. That's a crime. The law was laid down a long time ago to protect men like you and me. You really want those children to learn how to read, how to do their numbers, and then maybe they can learn about how they used to be in charge around here. How they had guns that could kill a man with a beam of light, and the human beings were nothing but their labour force, their property. Is that what you want those children to learn, Mister Archer? And it's my job to make sure it never happens again. Now, I'm not saying it's fair. It's just the way it's always been. I expect you to be out of town in an hour. She's been warned. She knew the consequences. Minimum sentence is ten years. [Main Street] They couldn't have gotten far. Get Nash and Franklin. (As Archer and Bethany make a dash for it in her buggy, Bennings shoots her and she falls to the ground. Archer goes back for her. MacCready stares in disbelief at what has just happened.) Maybe you ought to get your eyes checked, Bennings. Archer's a human. You don't know that. 'Cause you were being a horse's ass. You have something in mind? Now you listen to me. I'm not going to murder those people just because some stranger spooked you with a parlour trick. Now if I get some proof that the Skagarans are up to something, I'll take care of it. And you've always harassed them while I've looked the other way, and that's going to change right now. As long as you work for me, our job is to enforce the law. Understood? And you were born there? Pacific coast. Why didn't you tell us who you were? Well, I can't say I blame you. A part of me never believed Earth even existed. I thought it was something people made up because they couldn't stand living here. You taking us back? You're telling me. The Skagarans abducted my ancestors, Captain. Turned them into slaves. Well, we tend to have a long memory when it comes to that sort of thing. [Main Street] We did what we had to do. It's all right. These folks aren't going to hurt anybody. Ma'am. These people are from Earth, Bennings.
