Bring in the prisoner. (The audience in the galleries stands and shouts in unison as Archer is brought to stand in the middle of the room, under a spotlight.) You stand accused of conspiring against the Klingon Empire. How do you respond? When this tribunal convenes tomorrow, you will be given a chance to prove your innocence. If you cannot, there is only one punishment. [Prison cell] (Archer is staring at a bone joint on his metal plate, A guard lets Phlox enter.) This tribunal is convened. Strength to the Empire. Prosecutor Orak, you may proceed. Advocate, haven't you informed the prisoner of the rules of this tribunal? Do you have any further evidence to present? Do you have a response? Then I will consider the evidence and deliver my verdict. You have been warned. Be silent! This tribunal is in recess. [Prison cell] (Archer tries a bit of the meat on the bone, but spits it out. Kolos enters.) Strength to the Empire. Have you informed the accused of our offer? And does he wish to address this tribunal? Call your witness. Prosecutor, you will show the Advocate the same respect he has shown you. Continue. I will hear what the accused has to say. I have weighed the evidence carefully. Advocate Kolos has made an impressive case, much to the surprise of this tribunal. Based upon his arguments I am inclined to believe that the accused was a victim of his own foolishness. He was not fomenting rebellion. But, as Prosecutor Orak has made clear, the laws of the Empire have been violated and Captain Archer must be held accountable for his actions regardless of his intent. I therefore find the accused guilty as charged. (popular acclamation from the galleries) However! However this tribunal cannot ignore his actions assisting the Klingon people. Therefore the sentence of death is commuted. Silence! Jonathan Archer, you are condemned to the dilithium mines on the penal colony of Rura Pente for the remainder of your life. Remove the prisoner. I wouldn't protest too loudly, Prosecutor. You've won your case. This court has shown you a great deal of patience, Advocate. Don't test my limits any further. Watch your words. You insult the honour of this tribunal. Enough! You are in contempt of this tribunal. Since you have such admiration for the prisoner, you will join him on Rura Pente for a period of one year. Remove them both. [Bridge]
