You see? Even with a warning, you're not fast enough.
When you rejected our father's wishes, you stopped being one of us, Raakin. (kills him)
Why shouldn't I lead? Augments should be led by Augments. You'll tell us what we want to hear, or you'll watch him die, too. Every stasis field in this station will shut down, releasing hundreds of pathogens. I wonder which one will kill you first. We've crossed into Klingon space. (He eventually gives up the Captain's chair to Soong.) We won't be seeing Archer again. He's dead. I had no choice. He attacked us, tried to escape. Yes, Father. I'm not an engineer. This is your plan? To hide again? Starfleet isn't going to give up so easily. They'll send other ships. This gas cloud won't protect us. I'm not certain. But I know that running away isn't the answer. Are you familiar with the name Botany Bay? It's also the name of a pre-warp vessel launched at the end of the Great Wars. The ship carried many of our brethren, including Khan Noonien Singh. All records of the launch were destroyed. They didn't want to be followed. That's exactly my point. Khan was a great leader, but he made one fatal mistake. He ran from his enemies rather than face them. We've spent our entire lives running and hiding. When are we going to make a stand? You asked for me? Can't a son disagree with his father? I thought we were family. I was a child. I didn't know any better. How are the embryos? You're manipulating its DNA. You're changing its personality. Did you fix these mistakes in the rest of us? What right do you have to tamper with their genome? You don't know that this is a defect. Maybe this is the way our creators wanted us to be. We should engage them. Father! Warp trail's been dispersed. Enterprise won't be able to follow us. There's something else we need. (Soong walks away) Father! I need to speak with you. We've underestimated them. Starfleet isn't going to stop until they find us. Before we left C-12, I beamed aboard two dozen canisters of biogenic agents. We can modify a torpedo to carry the pathogens. I wasn't talking about the Enterprise. We use it against the Klingons. The Qu'Vat colony is less than four light-years away. If we detonate the torpedo inside the upper atmosphere, it'll scatter the pathogen across the entire planet. Every organism on the surface will be dead within days. When the High Council hears that humans have decimated their colony, they'll launch a counterstrike. The Klingons will keep Starfleet busy for years. There is no other choice. How long will it be before Starfleet turns to the Klingons for help in finding us? This is the only way to guarantee our survival. What happened to you in prison? You're not the man who raised us. The man who was willing to do whatever was necessary. You won't have to answer to him any longer. I'm taking command. I've already spoken with everyone on the Bridge. They're behind me, but I need to know where you stand. You helped me before. He may have raised us, but that doesn't make him our father. He'll never be one of us. He's given me no choice. I have a plan to protect us from Starfleet and the Klingons, and he won't even consider it. You know what he's doing with the embryos? He's altering their genome. Making them weak and docile, like ordinary humans. Go to his lab, talk to him yourself. I know how much he means to you. I have feelings for him, too. He'll be treated with respect. You have my word. Are you with me? [Soong's lab] Father, please come with us. The crew is united behind me. Don't make this more difficult than it needs to be. No one else has to die. Lock him in his quarters. [Bridge] Soong didn't get off this ship without help. The sensor grid wasn't damaged in the attack. Someone took it offline to cover his escape. He would've needed the security codes. I never gave them to him. Can you think of anyone? He's been in the weapons bay for a day and a half, modifying the torpedo. Maybe I should torture him, just to make sure. What do you think? Only four of us have the codes. Of those four, you and I are the only ones who weren't on the Bridge when Soong escaped. Your heart's beating faster. Perhaps it's trying to tell me something. (she gets up and grabs a knife) Are you going to use that on me? You shouldn't have done that. (They fight, he overpowers her and breaks her back in several places.) I'll miss you. (He kisses her as she dies, unable to breathe,) [Situation room] We'll detonate the torpedo over the southern hemisphere. That'll ensure the maximum number of casualties. What's the weapon's status? The Enterprise. Increase to maximum speed. Load the torpedo. Stand by to fire as soon as we drop out of warp. Do as I say! [Bridge] How much longer? Take us into low orbit. [Bridge] Fire. [Bridge] (Enterprise drops out of warp.) Would you rather they go to prison with you? There's no place for us on Earth or anywhere else. [Bridge] I'll see you soon. [Bridge] [Bridge] You betrayed us all! Goodbye, Father. (But before he can throttle Soong, a neat hole is drilled in him by a phase rifle. Archer had recovered quickly.) Captain's Starlog, May 27, 2154. Our actions at the Klingon colony appear to have satisfied the High Council. They've called off their plans to retaliate against Earth. [Starfleet HQ - cell] (There are no sheets of paper on the wall, or piled up on the floor.)
