You have no jurisdiction here. I haven't always. (T'Pol has memories of running through foliage again.) You're human. And you as well. They wanted to rehabilitate me, bring me home, flatten my forehead and re-point my ears. They wanted to teach me to forget the life they had taught me so carefully how to live. They assumed I had become corrupt. and that left to my own devices I would remain corrupt. Three years in a Vulcan clinic. Rehabilitation. Can you blame me for running? I'm not a thief. I'm not a smuggler. I never was. I worked with smugglers. I worked very close with them for a long time. It's what I had been trained to do. Do you know how I've survived the last twenty years? How I've fed my family? I haul spent warp injector casings. Not a very popular occupation, but a necessary one. A doctor on Andoria says that my hemolytic cell count is over three thousand. You don't find too many old men hauling spent injector casings. In my left front pocket, if you don't mind. (Travis moves to oblige.) It's a hologram of my family. They won't hurt you. (Archer nods, Travis takes out the holoprojector and switches it on. We see a woman and two young girls, who wave.) The injector casings are going to take me away from them soon enough. I don't want to die in a Vulcan prison. If all of the Ministry's reports about me were true I could easily shape-shift and slip out of these restraints, or sprout wings and fly to my ship. Because her government sent one hundred nine agents to Agaron thirty years ago, and they want all one hundred nine accounted for, Right or wrong, dead or alive. Bur I'm guilty. I'm guilty of not returning when I was told to. I'm innocent of selling biotoxins but I'm guilty of being a fugitive. But I don't deserve to go to prison, and I don't deserve to be shot. What about her? (Again, images of two men running, then something with a Vulcan restraining someone while another reads a book.) Jossen! (She opens another case and stabs into it with her crowbar, then sinks to her knees.) [Bridge] (Tucker adds an extra pip to his uniform.) You didn't find what you were looking for, did you? If this is your idea of humour. (T'Pol points a phase pistol at him.) Jossen was no different than me. He didn't want to be rehabilitated, either. (She sees the man fall to the ground then reach for a holster.) Meet him? On Risa. Jossen and I were on Risa in the Tropical Zone. We were innocent of the crimes the Ministry had accused us of but we were running, all the same. Why do you want me to tell you things you already know? No. The truth. Then why are you asking me about Jossen? He never hurt anyone. He didn't deserve to be hunted down like an animal. (She remembers him going for his holster, and she fires her own weapon. The birds fly from the tree-tops at the sound.) Yes, and he didn't deserve to be killed. He was an innocent man, just like I am. (She remembers the old Vulcan reading from a book, and another holding her down.) You really don't remember. How is that possible? Why did you kill him? He never would have hurt you. You're a Vulcan. You're trained to repress the emotion of killing, not the memory of the act. Look what it's done to you, taking an innocent life. Bringing me back to Vulcan will be no different. You'll be destroying another life. How will that affect you? Will you conveniently forget what you're about to do to me? (T'Pol gets up and pushes her way through the crowd to Archer and Travis.) Ironic, isn't it? Burning to death on a frozen moon? But I'd rather die here than be brought back and punished for crimes I never committed. I don't want to harm T'Pol, Captain, but I will. At the moment, I'm a man who needs to survive. There's a locker right next to you. I want you to both put your weapons down and then walk into it. You won't be hurt. T'Pol is my guarantee that the two of you will walk quickly and quietly into the locker. Please. (Travis and Archer go into the locker Stop! Please! (He stands and puts his rifle down.) You're not going to shoot me, T'Pol. You're not going to kill another innocent man. This is none of your concern, Captain. You know nothing about what happened on Risa. (He turns and walks away into the snowstorm.)
