(younger man) The re-fusion pressure is still dropping. (to T'Mir) What are your orders? [Captain's mess] One of those creatures could sustain us for some time. It's logical to take extreme measures to survive. That may not be necessary. Our scans showed a settlement approximately six kilometres away. And when they find our bodies after we starve, will that contaminate their culture? We should at least investigate the possibilities. I'm willing to take the risk. (Mestral walks off) We'll need to disguise ourselves. (So they steal clothes off a line. T'Mir changes behind a sheet.) I believe you have that garment on backwards. (They walk along the main street. Mistral has a woolly hat pulled down over his ears and T'Mir has found a pair of shoes from somewhere too. They see a group of men getting off a bus.) They don't appear to be restrained. More likely labourers. I believe it may be an entertainment. (The Pine Tree bar and grill.) Do they have food? I won't speak. (He holds the door open for her.) [Pine Tree bar] (There's a pool table, and country music playing. All the men look up when they enter.) Yes. The paper appears to have value. (Billy puts some of his change in a jar.) I'm up for a game. I can defeat him. It's simple. We accept your terms. The game is based on simple geometry. It wouldn't challenge a Vulcan child. We need their currency. Would you rather die of starvation? (So Mestral breaks.) The number eight ball in that pocket. (Main Street] (The pair walk out of Johnnie's Market store with two brown bags full of groceries.) Cryogenics. (A frozen meal in a packet.) MESTRA:L Do you suppose they've experimented with protein replicators? Doesn't it concern you? I'd hate to see humanity destroy itself. Are you interested in mathematics? Perhaps she enjoys your company. There is a resemblance. I don't believe that. I'm doing research. Perhaps if you spent more time observing human behaviour you might not have such a pessimistic view of them. So did we centuries ago. They just haven't realised their potential yet. They have great empathy and compassion. Look how we've been made to feel welcome. To the ship. This antenna is inadequate. I believe I can use a waveform discriminator to enhance it. I need to go now. I Love Lucy is on tonight. [Main Street] (He pauses at a corner, and Maggie picks him up in her car.) It was different than seeing it on television. More invigorating. That would be enjoyable. Yes. I'm not offended. May I ask you a question? What happened to your mate? Yes. I know. Please, I was simply surprised. It was very pleasant. Wasn't that an appropriate response? I did say very pleasant. (Maggie spotting T'Mir watching them.) I should go. Thank you again.(He gets out of the car.) [Main Street] I went to a baseball game in Doylestown. Maggie invited me. I didn't think it would be a problem. Because I knew you wouldn't understand. I didn't initiate it. You can't make that decision. Command of what? Our mission is over. It's time to accept the fact that we may never leave this world. [Pine Tree bar] (The bar is closed, and T'Mir is going around the tables blowing out the candles when she pauses and sits down.) Hello. I'm afraid I can't. Are you all right, Billy? I'm looking for a particle weapon. The armoury case, help me find it. There's been an accident in the mine. At least twenty men are trapped. It could take the humans days to free them. They'll die. You'd let them suffocate. even if we could prevent it. We'll be certain they don't. This has nothing to do with contamination. It has to do with compassion. They're my friends, and I'm going to help them. Don't try to stop me. [Mine] (Underground, rescue workers are using jack-hammers and pickaxes to try and get at the men trapped behind the rock fall. Mestral sneaks behind the controlled chaos, then heads down another tunnel. His communicator beeps.) Yes. [Above ground] Understood. [Mine] I see it. [Above ground] It's unfortunate that you'll be leaving these people without experiencing one thing they have to offer. There's much more to them. You just refuse to see it. I haven't. I plan to stay here. They're on the verge of countless social and technological advancements. I have the unique opportunity to study an emerging species. There's still more to learn about these people. This has nothing to do with Maggie. She has helped me appreciate their culture, but I don't intend to remain in Carbon Creek. To one of their larger cities at first. After that, I'm not certain. There's so much to see. In another twenty years, running more statistical scans from high orbit? That's not enough. [Crash site - night]
