Irr zoun nagool ahsp. Cucht nee va zeh? (Krem sees how small human ears are,) Y-solah-na. Y-solah-na! [Mess hall] Lahje. Sapa-moul! (don't touch) Konah see-oh-mahj irr zoon. (Krem spots T'Pol lying against the bulkhead.) Ulis tenda vool. [Turbolift] Sa mopree. (They remove their gas masks.) [Bridge] (Everyone looks asleep at their posts) La-voy Daemon. (Krem sets off an alarm on helm.) MUK: Leru deemo mirra. Feesha vou dolay. Sel treoght da-techt. Guzah louz. (The pair start stuffing sacks with medical supplies. Krem looks in one of Phlox's cages and yelps,) La ruvah tahp! (Tucker watches from the top of an access ladder. As the looters make their way through the ship, Tucker keeps watch. In a corridor, he watches as Ulis wheels a torpedo along on his trolley. On the Bridge, Ulis even strips off the dedication plaque from the wall. In Engineering, Krem strokes T'Pol's face then drags her away. Grish even takes Travis's chair. Krem raids the mess hall, doesn't like the smell of salad but takes desserts. Muk swaps his boots for some found in a cupboard. Iin the Launch bay, it looks like they've taken all the women they've found, not just T'Pol but also Hoshi and others. Tucker makes it to his desk in Engineering and watches on a monitor as Archer is lifted out of his chair and carried away.) [Launch bay] Sit down! Liar! (Muk hits Archer.) There's more here. He's hiding something. Why would they keep a vault in the medical bay? I don't see a locking mechanism. This is a waste of time. We've only got three hours before they begin to wake. It'll take days to search every hatch. Ah! I found something. No, [Sickbay] But it looks like quality merchandise. (A Do I look like a Menk to you? This beauty's going in my personal collection. You said this ship would make us rich. We'll be lucky if we break even. I'm amending it. Anything I find, I keep. What's wrong, Ulis? Can't find your pot of gold? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! Don't touch. Where are my scanners? I left them right here! Oh, oh! Open your bag. Open it. Everybody knows you'd steal the wax out of your own mother's ears. Partners don't rob from each other. Worthless? Oh, really? Then who did? Maybe they just jumped off the table and crawled inside. Where's the other one? There were three. Give it back. Come back here! [Outside the Bridge] (T'Pol holds a scanner in her hand.) You heard me, you no-good cheating liar! [Engineering] It's a lower lifeform, you fool. Probably the captain's next meal. Ooo, I could get several bars of latinum for this creature at the Malurzian Zoo. (He picks up Porthos.) I've had enough of vault hunting for one day. You two have fun. [Alien cargo bay] (Muk puts Porthos into a large box, then turns to see someone trying to hide.) Who's there? (Trip makes a run for it/) (into communicator) One of the aliens is awake. (He chases him through the corridors. In the mess hall, Tucker pretends to be out cold at a table but Muk spots him. They fight and Trip bites Muk's ear, takes his weapon and runs out,) [Corridor] (Ulis uses an electric whip to disarm Tucker,) Forget the gold. We'll never find it. You expect me to go empty-handed? That's not good enough. (Ulis pulls a weapon.) You'll regret this, Ulis. Grish, help me with the women. So you can cheat us out of our share? Hide it in the bottom of your bag? I plan to count every bar of that gold myself before it leaves the vault. Oh, I know you too well, Ulis. We already looked there. We're going in circles. Is this your plan, to walk us to death? No! You could have a weapon hidden in there. (Tucker stands aside.) Not without me, you won't. You'll fill your pockets with gold. Get back, or I'll gnaw your hands off! Vermin. I know a Bolian female. I could introduce you. (Krem takes hold of the flight controls, the little ship undocks and flies away without us ever learning the name of their race.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
