Where does Captain Archer stay? Captain Archer has a very large ship. But everything's so functional. There's no colour. At least it's private. What's your name? Pleased to meet you, Lieutenant Reed Malcolm. (She keeps invading his personal space.) Come in. (Archer enters, and she gets up.) I was wondering when you were going to come see me. After all, I've been your property for two days. I don't understand. Are you saying that you don't want us? I've been a slave my entire life, on different worlds, for different owners. What's going to happen to me? I know what happened in Engineering. I've already spoken to D'Nesh. I'm sorry. May I ask you something? (Now they're sitting on the bed.) Do you find me attractive? I've known so few honest men. And even though you don't wish to own me, I still wish to please you. If I choose to do this, (kisses him) would that violate your ship's protocol? So, this is what you meant when you said we were free to start new lives? It seems we have no privacy either. And if I have? It seems the only delusion here is your own. I'm worried about you, Captain. You don't seem well. I can see you're not very experienced at making threats. We were a gift, nothing more. A true commander would know how to appreciate such a gesture. No one is coming to attack your ship. (There's only glass between their faces.) Please release us. (She moves towards the door controls, still looking into Archer's eyes, and he moves with her.) I'm obviously not the only woman with power over you. (Archer and T'Pol leave, so the women start to work on the MACO guarding them.) [Corridor] Captain. There's no one there. We asked them to leave, after they released us. Is that what you really want? Because if it is, I will gladly do as you say. I only want to make you happy. I didn't think you wanted me to go. She's jealous. She'll try anything to keep us apart. She'll even destroy your ship. Arrest her. Do it. Stop him. (So Tucker shoots Archer and Travis too.) Commander Tucker. I'm impressed. I'm beginning to see who's the true master of this vessel.
