They won't last much longer. Stabilise the Drone for battle. Activating the holographic skin. Target acquired. The Rigelians are hailing us. The Drone is taking damage. I can't tell for sure. Visual surveillance is offline. The Drone is dropping out of warp. [Romulan ship] One of them's left the Bridge. He's in the service junction. It appears he's located the main coupling for the warp matrix. Just what we need to kill him. [Romulan ship] (Reed can see Tucker in the service junction.) He's disabling the warp system. It'll take more than a day to reroute the major circuits. One of them is still in the service junction. They've taken the reactor offline. The matrix has been reactivated. It leads into the superstructure, away from any critical equipment. We've lost contact. [Ready room] Admiral, the Drone's restored contact. The repair systems are starting to work. The Drone's sensors have detected Enterprise. It's closing. Enterprise will reach the Drone before the matrix is restored. (The door opens, and Vrax enters.) We've lost the emitters. Two minutes. More enemy ships are closing. If Enterprise stops the self-repair sequence. Their weapons are offline. They're vulnerable. [Romulan ship] (Tucker and Reed open an airlock.) Six more enemy ships within range. The matrix is restored. The Drone has re-entered Romulan space.
(silver hair) I have been unable to locate the malfunction. There's a vessel approaching. The propulsion matrix still isn't functioning. The repairs are underway. What? They're retreating. The Starfleet ship has moved out of sensor range. This vessel is a prototype. I told you it wasn't ready for combat. There's a problem with one of the liquid fuel tanks. No. The starboard transfer valve has been opened manually. If they make their way to the Bridge. They are. They've entered the Bridge. (The camera pulls back to reveal that the Romulans are actually in a building, in a city, on a planet.) To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
The humans did considerable damage to the Bridge. We'll have to replace the entire receiver array. The ship isn't what concerns me. It's the pilot. Operating the vessel is extremely taxing. That won't be enough. He's suffering from severe mental fatigue. Piloting one ship would be difficult enough, but two The dosage is already at a dangerous level. He could be permanently damaged. He could die. Without the pilot, there would be no mission. We'll be ready to launch in twelve hours. He's resting. I'll make sure that he is. I'm a scientist. No. What happened? I'm sorry. I understand. Forgive me. (Nijil gives Gareb an injection.) [Sickbay] (T'Pol is in Enterprise's equivalent of Gareb's chair, also with a helmet over her head, when Phlox switches it on.) Systems ready. Enterprise is taking heavy damage. It may not be necessary. Yes, Admiral. [Bridge] They've lost warp power. Someone's tapping into the telemetric array. [Telepathic conversation] The first Drone is targeting the second. I've lost access. [Bridge] No! The failure is mine, not yours.
