I call Duras, son of Toral. (Duras enters.) ORAK: Captain Duras, tell the tribunal about your encounter with the accused. Explain. The Duras I called to testify is Commander of the battle cruiser Bortas. A distinguished Klingon warrior, stripped of his command. Did the accused have anything to do with your disgrace? Go on, Weapons Officer Duras.  He refused to surrender the rebels. And how did you respond to Archer's defiance? Continue. But of course, by that time, they were gone. You're fortunate your First Officer didn't kill you for such a failure. You're dismissed. (Duras walks across, slowly.) No, Magistrate. Duras' testimony is clear. He was attempting to carry out his mission to bring enemies of the Empire to justice. But this aggressor, this human, conspired with them to disgrace a proud warrior and foment rebellion. There can be no doubt that he is our enemy as well. Captain Archer claims to be innocent. Innocent of what? This tribunal has already been far too lenient. We haven't accused his crew, or his government. He's fortunate we haven't dispatched a fleet of warships to his homeworld, but we do demand that he be held responsible for the crimes he has committed. We demand that he receive the most severe punishment our laws decree! I object. The time for testimony is over. Irrelevant! I urge you to end these proceedings. You're speaking of archaic rights. Do you admit, Captain Archer, that you gave aid and comfort to a vessel fleeing the Empire? Their health isn't at issue here. You helped them to escape! They were subjects of the Empire. Their welfare was not your concern. You see the contempt these humans have for us. He still believes he did nothing wrong. He aided these rebels, and now he refuses to help us bring them to justice!  So, you were preparing for battle. The accused has already admitted that he knew the rebels were subjects of the Empire. And he knew the Bortas was coming to retrieve them, yet he launched a deliberate attack against an Imperial vessel. This human is guilty of more than inciting rebellion, he has committed an act of war! [Situation room]  So, you've laid a trap for the Bortas. Such a noble human. By all means. I find his version of events extremely entertaining. Duras was under no obligation to accommodate this human. That is absurd. Even if this is true, it has nothing to do with this case. I protest. And I compliment the magistrate on his just ruling. But the sentence for these crimes must be death.
