We're hesitant to discuss Pa'nar Syndrome, Doctor. This illness is unique to a subculture, a small percentage of our population. Their behaviour is neither tolerated nor sanctioned. We'll have to discuss your request, Doctor. When we've reached a decision, we'll contact you aboard your ship. We appreciate your hospitality, Captain, but we've come to speak to your doctor, with your permission. We would appreciate it if T'Pol would remain. We've discussed your request. Unfortunately, we are still hesitant to share data regarding Pa'nar Syndrome. Are you familiar with Pa'nar Syndrome, Sub-Commander? Would you mind describing it? Please, indulge us. And what practice would that be? Doctor Phlox has asked for data regarding the treatment of Pa'nar Syndrome. Did you have anything to do with that request? We find their behaviour unacceptable, and since Pa'nar Syndrome is transmitted by these people, its cure is not a priority. None that we'd care to disseminate. I'm sorry. If you'll please show us to the airlock. [Vulcan medical area] (The PADD T'Pol handled is scanned, and the results of her DNA analysis studied on a monitor.) What can I do for you, Captain? (Oratt glares at the Vulcan, who leaves them.) You're mistaken. I have every right. I am not dismissing T'Pol. I'm simply returning her to Vulcan. The High Command will decide whether she is fit for duty. I'm sorry you don't understand the complexities of our culture, Captain. Please have the Sub-Commander ready to depart in thirty six hours. The accusation against T'Pol stands. It's not open for debate. You're wasting your time. Very well. But I will not delay our departure. The hearing will take place tomorrow afternoon. As you've been told, Captain, mind melds are practiced by a subculture. Vulcans who have elected to conduct themselves in an unacceptable manner. Are you questioning our judgement? You realise that you are jeopardising your reputation, your career? The High Command will determine whether you should be punished. Both of you. (stands to leave) Can you verify this? What do you know of this, Captain?
