Why? I didn't kill him. If you went anywhere near that ship you'd have more than one dead crewman. I can't help you. Even if I could, my Captain wouldnn't be very interested in having me back, would he. Not after I told you where to find him. I don't think you'd be very comfortable torturing another man. You and your crewmates are far too civilised for that. Too moral. You're obviously new to this Expanse. If you weren't, your ship's hull would be insulated with trellium-D. Do you have any idea what a spatial distortion can do to a ship that is not insulated with trellium-D? What it can do to the people inside that ship? Well, my Captain's a very clever man. He has to be. When you're forced to resort to desperate measures in order to survive, you have to be clever. You need to know how to hide. When we entered this Expanse we were no different than you. Two merchant ships looking for trade routes. Then the first distortion hit us. We decided to return home, but the perimeter, the thermobaric clouds, let you in but they don't let you out. One of our ships was destroyed trying. After a few more encounters with the anomalies it wasn't long before we became predators. This section of the Expanse proved to be ideal for hunting. When a ship runs aground due to spatial distortions it becomes an easy target. Our Captain told us we wouldn't harm anyone, and we didn't. Not at first. It takes time to learn to kill without remorse. You're not prepared to kill, or torture. Not yet. Xindi? I don't remember a species with that name. What manifest? It was a small ship, they were no match for us. They resisted. We had no choice. I have better things to do than familiarise myself with our victims. I don't remember. (Archer opens the cell door and holds his phase pistol to Orgoth's head.) Your threats aren't very convincing. I told you, you're too civilised. Are you taking me to your torture chamber? This tactic doesn't suit you, Captain. Now that I've served my purpose you're taking me back to the airlock? So you have let your morality get in the way after all. Mercy is not a quality that will serve you well in the Expanse, Captain. [Command centre]
