 Transfer these canisters over to Module Four. An ensign ought to salute before addressing a captain. (to crewman) I'll catch up with you in a few minutes. (The brothers hug.) Thanks. Didn't think I'd be wearing it this soon. The biggest problem these days is keeping track of everything. Dad kept a lot of the inventory in his head. I'm trying to reconstruct the database. We still can't find the stromatopod larvae we're supposed to be delivering to the Demerians. I only hope they didn't end up in cold storage. Thanks, but we can handle it. You're on leave. I'm not going to put you to work. Travis. You might want to change into something a little less conspicuous. [Bridge] (There's a red-headed woman with a pony-tail at the helm.) What's wrong? I don't remember asking for any upgrades. Commander Tucker. What's going to happen if these improvements of yours go offline? You'll be back on your Starfleet ship, out of comm. range. Who's going to fix it? I'd prefer it if you didn't modify any more systems without discussing it with me. Maybe you can stop by Engineering, build us a warp five engine. [Room B6] (Travis is lying on the bed, looking at his childhood starchart.) Seal it off. Try hailing them again. (Travis enters.) We're under attack. I don't know. No. Transfer reserve power to the hull plating. We need to get out of their weapons range. Go to maximum warp. You heard me. A little more. Reduce speed to one point five. (The shaking stops.) Show me. (The viewscreen shows the thing with it's flashing red light.) Call Engineering. Tell them to get someone out there to pry it off. There has to be a way to remove that beacon. If we jettison a few tons of that ore, can we increase to warp two? That should allow us to reach Deneva Station ahead of schedule. It's well-armed, we should be safe there. There's no other choice. We can't shoot our way out of this. (Travis studies the schematic on the monitor.) We don't have phase cannons. I'm not going to risk all of our lives by getting into a fight we can't win. If they reach us before we make it to Deneva, we'll give them what they want. I appreciate the advice, but this isn't your problem. You're not part of this crew anymore. Jettison that ore and increase our speed. Where? You have the Bridge. [Module five] (Travis is working at a wall panel when Paul storms in.) I thought I made myself clear. I told you, I'm not going to take this ship into battle. I didn't ask for your opinion, and I didn't approve your modifications. Stop what you're doing. You heard me. Really. Us? You keep talking as if you're a part of this crew. You turned your back on us a long time ago. More words of wisdom from Starfleet? You quoting Dad? You never listened to him. If you had, you wouldn't have abandoned your family. You barely spoke to him for the last four years. You weren't even here when he died. You knew he was sick, but you didn't really care. You only decided to stop by because it was convenient for you. Hostile aliens aren't our problem, it's Starfleet and people like you. Do you have any idea how hard it is to find new crewmen? No one wants to run freight anymore. They all want to be explorers cruising around on state of the art ships with their personal chefs. Take those upgrades offline. I'll confine you to quarters if I have to. I don't want your help. Full power to the hull plating. This is Captain Mayweather of the ECS Horizon. I'll give you our cargo, but not our ship. We're dozens of light years from our homeworld. There has to be some compromise we can (The alien ends the transmission.) Bring the weapon upgrades online. Still think you can disable their engines? You do remember how to fly this ship. Take us out of warp. Release the clamps. Travis. (He loops the loop to come up behind the cruiser and do a strafing run, but they also get a hit.) Keep our turrets locked on them. Open a channel. This is Captain Mayweather. I'd think twice before attacking any of our ships again. Re-dock with the cargo section, then get us out of here. All packed? I got a message from Enterprise. They're running ahead of schedule. We'll be docking in about twenty minutes. Thanks. So, did you ever make it to Trelkis Three? Trelkis Three, the planet with the multi-centric rings. You used to talk about it when we were growing up. When you do, how about sending me a subspace postcard. Well, I'd better get back to the Bridge. See you in another four years? I'd like that. [Airlock]
