(a brunette) We've mastered their engine controls. We're finally free. He doesn't tell me everything. Well, what do you propose? He only wants one thing from me, and it isn't advice. What? I still do. What is it you want? {he grabs her, and kisses her, then she pushes him up against a bulkhead) There's plenty of time for that. [Orion Slave Market] (T'Pol has a device fitted to her neck. When the big green man activates it, she leaps up in pain.) Some of them agree with what he did, taking this ship. They believe it's Malik who liberated us from that rock. How can you say that? Malik's doing more than arguing with your commands. He's plotting against you. He wants to take your place. He told me. Malik's always wanted me. I knew he was planning something, so I let him think I wanted him as well. He said that you're weak, that you're making all of us weak, that you're betraying Father's principles, that if Father were here, he'd choose Malik to lead us. I told him everything. He thinks you're planning an attack against him. I'm sorry, Raakin. I've broken their security code. We're ready.(The airlock door opens and the MACOs there are quickly overwhelmed by the Augments.) [Bridge] Persis. Father, here's Malik.
They're holding position. It's a penal colony on the shores of Australia. Father, you're needed on the Bridge. [Klingon Bridge] There's a ship approaching at high warp. It appears to be Klingon. This ship has minimal aft weapons. Aft shields at fifty percent We've reached the coordinates. I don't have a lot of time. The aft launcher's still offline, and Father wants me to You can't. That was different. This is our father. Don't do this to him. That's not true. Please, Father. There's no other way. I'm sorry, Father. If I didn't go along with him, he would've killed me. No, we'll never get to them. Malik's posted guards at every vital system. I've disabled the internal sensors. It should be some time before anyone notices one of the escape pods is missing. (Soong climbs in.) You've been quiet. Maybe he disabled it. If Father didn't do it, then who? Lokesh didn't seem that enthusiastic about your plan to attack the Klingons. You think I did it. If I have to. (He moves towards her and she cuts him.)
Father. How? He knows the station. He used to work there. He knows what he's doing. You shouldn't doubt him. He's our father. He's not like other humans. You were leading us before, and now he is. You can't accept that. I won't listen to this. (Malik grabs her.) Let me go. I don't like what you're thinking. Cold Station Twelve, this is medical ship Barzai, transmitting security code. Transmitting. Why not? That's true. (Soong and the others arrive. He opens a door, goes over to a panel and initiates Protocol 047.) (with an oxygen mask) We don't have enough masks. He's wrong, Captain. We're already here. [Bridge] We have to hurry. What are you doing? You're taking them with us. Get them in the containment cell. (Lucas, Smike and the others are hustled in. Archer is last, and manages to slam the door back against Saul, knocking him down. Smike tries to tackle Malik, but gets thrown off. Malik locks the cell then deals with Archer.)
