His autonomic system was disrupted by the blast but his redundant neural functions are Not necessarily. [Starfleet Medical - observation room] Those are immunocytic gel worms. Try not to shake them. Intriguing. I especially liked the Chinese food. Have you ever tried it? Anatomically, you humans are somewhat simplistic, but what you lack biologically you make up for with your charming optimism, not to mention your egg drop soup. Be very careful with that. An Altarian marsupial. Their droppings contain the greatest concentration of regenerative enzymes found anywhere. If you're going to try to embrace new worlds you must try to embrace new ideas. That's why the Vulcans initiated the Interspecies Medical Exchange. There's a lot to be learned. Please, no apologies. What better time to study human beings than when they're under pressure? It's a rare opportunity. And your Klingon friend. I've never had a chance to examine a living one before. There's a chance he'll be conscious within the next ten minutes. Just not a very good one. I'll do the best I can. Optimism, Captain! [Jefferies tube] Excuse me. His pre-frontal cortex is hyperstimulated. I doubt he has any idea what he's saying. Mister Klaang was right about one thing. He's a Suliban. But unless I'm mistaken, he's no ordinary one. His DNA is Suliban but his anatomy has been altered. Look at this lung. Five bronchial lobes, you see. It should only have three. And look at the alveoli clusters. They've been modified to process different kinds of atmospheres. Yes, I suppose I am, but this was no accident, no freak of nature. This man was the recipient of some very sophisticated genetic engineering. Watch this. Subcutaneous pigment sacs. A bio-mimetic garment. And, the eyes are my favorite. Compound retinas. He most likely saw things even your sensors couldn't detect. No, certainly not. The Suliban are no more evolved than humans. It is very impressive work, though. I've never seen anything quite like it. [Engineering] The others scanned negative. You two, unfortunately, were exposed to a protocystian spore. I've loaded the appropriate decon gel into compartment B. I'm treating his wound. Eventually. (The pair start smearing gel over themselves and each other.) Less than six hours. I thought it best to keep you sedated while the osmotic eel cauterized your wound. As long as he returns for more eel therapy tomorrow.
Just what I thought.
Yes, but I doubt he'll make much sense. Have you ever heard of tropolisine. It's a psychotropic compound known for its hallucinogenic effects. This crewman's bloodstream is filled with it. Normally, it's found in certain flowering plants. Perhaps your sensors weren't calibrated to detect it. Now that he's back on Enterprise, he should be alright in three or four hours. Tropolisine. There's no way to know. It might affect her to a lesser degree, or a greater degree. I did, but each tropolisine atom contains a stray neutron. When it started to break down in his bloodstream it released an undetectable toxin. I've injected him with inoprovalene but I think it may be too late. If I'd run a submolecular scan I might have anticipated the complication, but there was no reason to. At least, there didn't seem to be. I can't tell you how sorry I am, Captain. They spent less time exposed. Understood. (Phlox puts the case of hyposprays on the platform.) PHLOX: How close can you get it? Good. [Cavern]
Not a very adventurous breakfast. Ah, but you're not on Vulcan. You should try these blueberry pancakes. They're quite delicious. Give it some time. The Vulcan digestive tract is highly adaptable. There's an old saying. When in Fellebis, do as the Fellebians do. Now that's adventurous. (But it comes out as thick black gloop.) [Engineering] I've sent them your dietary requirements. I don't believe you're having an allergic reaction. Tell me, did your visit to the Xyrillian ship involve any romance? Were you intimate with anyone? It seems you did a little more than repair work. (Phlox holds the scanner up to Trip's chest.) This is a nipple. (The mark on Trip's wrist.) Ah, the blastocyst is located between the sixth and seventh intercostals. I'm not quite sure if congratulations are in order, Commander, but you're pregnant.(Later, as Tucker is wheeled out of the body scanner.) Here, do you see that cell cluster? That is the embryo. I assume you'll be happy to know that it's not technically your child. When reproducing, the Xyrillians only utilize the genetic material of the mother. The males simply serve as hosts. We don't have any data on their mating procedures, but I wouldn't think it would be that difficult for you to recollect a sexual encounter. The embryo has integrated with your pericardium. I wouldn't be comfortable extracting it without more information on the gestation process. There had to be a somewhat lengthy physical contact to transfer this much genetic material. Without a sample of these telepathic granules it would be impossible to make a determination, but they could have served as the transferral medium. You'll probably feel a bit nauseated in the mornings, so get sufficient rest and exercise and see me at least once a day. That nipple may not be the only surprise your body has in store for you. Not a word. But Sub-Commander T'Pol promised to keep your pregnancy a secret. One would think. Then again, I have no experience with this species. I believe he's saying a good deal more than that. Once the child is born, it may well rely on you in some way to care for it. You should expect to begin experiencing some unusual symptoms. Hormonal changes mostly, mood swings, heightened emotions. You may very well be putting those nipples to work before you know it. (The crewman has reentered with a fresh tray of chicken tetrazzini. Tucker takes it off him and glares. The crewman leaves quickly.)
Many species feed on underground fauna and flora. Tubers, fungi, insects. Right away, sir. May I have my medical supplies, please? (An older man with white and blue face markings comes in, accompanied by an old woman.) My name is Phlox. I am a Denobulan. I'm Captain Archer's physician. He can walk, more or less, but I'll need to get him back to Sickbay to remove the projectile. Are you aware that your mother is sick? (Phlox refers to his scanner.) This is one of the tools the Captain spoke of. It can tell me all kinds of things about the inside of your body. She has an illness that we call lung cancer, but it's easily cured. Not long. A few hours at most. He'll be fine for a few hours. Just a few more seconds. My apologies for any discomfort. Not quite. First we have to determine how far her sickness has spread. (He refers to a monitor.) That is you. The inside of you, anyway. This picture will tell me what kind of treatment she'll require. Interstitial tumours. The malignancy has spread to her lymphatic system. She'll need a series of cytolitic injections. I'll need a few minutes to synthesise it. Nadet's cancer has been eliminated. But I found something quite troubling. Both she and her son are showing signs of microcellular decay in their endocrine systems. Their underground water supply has probably become contaminated. I don't have any medication to treat this, and it's only going to get worse. T'Pol says the soil and foliage is going to remain irradiated for at least another decade. She's as disagreeable as she was before I treated her. For the last two or three generations that immunity kept you all alive, but now the poisons have gotten into your water supply. As Captain Archer says, it is no longer safe. I should take one more thoracic scan.
But such an opportunity to appreciate your cultural history. Precisely my point. You'll be able to introduce some of your own people to your new crew. Oh, I believe I see the source of your misgivings. Being seen with a human crew. May I? (He picks up with his fingers a piece of the salad she's eating with knife and fork.) I confess I feel awkward on this ship myself, sometimes, out of place. But what is that Vulcan motto? Infinite diversity. And what is diversity but a celebration of differences. I wonder if you might remind me about our mission on this vessel. Please, indulge me. In other words, to seek infinite diversity. Well then, it seems to me a cultural exchange between your Vulcan brethren and your human crew is simply a furtherance of that mission. [Launch bay]
Human children have such fertile imaginations. Sub-commander. I'm going to put this one up in Sickbay. Would you like one for your quarters? (at T'Pol's station) Ah, I believe I can answer that, Captain. Hello, children. I'm Doctor Phlox, the ship's physician. I'm from a system called Denobula Triaxa and I feel very honoured to be part of this important mission. Germs. They may be tiny but they are among the most resilient organisms known to medical science. They can survive almost anywhere, on your kitchen counter, under your fingernail, in the vacuum of space. Over two hundred million space-dwelling microbes have been catalogued. One of the most virulent species lives inside grains of interstellar dust. Polycocyx astris. They can drift in a dormant state for millions of years and still cause a nasty cold. I once discovered a peculiar colony of spores on the hull of a (checking her neck) Perhaps you slept in an awkward position. For two days? Something on your mind? It appears to be a tension headache. You know anything said between us is strictly confidential. Would you like to talk about what's troubling you? I don't know if there's anyone on this ship you would feel comfortable talking with, but if there is, it might feel good to get whatever's bothering you out in the open. (gives her a hypo) This is a simple analgesic. I can give you something later to help you sleep this evening, if you'd like.
Had this woman been born on Vulcan or Earth I'm sure she would have made a fine physician. Here's our culprit. The water sample's contaminated with tetracyanate 622.
On the bright side, I'm only picking up inorganic material. No bodies. Mister Ryan, I'm a physician. If your Captain or anyone else is hurt, it wouldn't be right for me to leave without seeing them. Not any time soon. The Nausicaan weapon disrupted his neural pathways. I've started him on a cortical regeneration but it'll take some time. Two days, maybe three. Under the circumstances, I defer to your experience. (Archer also has a phase pistol.)
It's not unlike the Hindu faith, Commander. They also believe that the universe goes through repeated cycles of rebirth. Oh, yes. In fact, while I was there I made it a point to study a number of them. I spent two weeks at a Tibetan monastery where I learned to sing chords with the high lamas. I attended Mass at Saint Peter's Square. I was even allowed to observe the Tal-Shanar at the Vulcan consulate. There's your heart, lungs, liver, another heart. Every organ. This imaging device also allows us to examine your genetic structure. Ah, you'll be happy to know you're in perfect health. Who would like to go next? (The ship judders.) I plan to, Captain. Thank you for letting me spend the night with these people. Aye, Captain. (Archer speaks to Mantoos, as the group heads through the airlock). Oh, it was mesmerising. Four hours of ritual prayer followed by the Kaana-sah, a series of exercises designed to purify the body. I think I strained a leg muscle, but it was well worth it. Eleven, I believe. The others wanted to observe the star from their ship. I didn't take a head count but that sounds about right. How do you mean? As far as I could tell, but our eyes were closed most of the time. Is there something wrong, Captain? You seem a little preoccupied. I will. [Engineering] How long before we see the Plume? I'd be honoured. Goran tonia Agosoria. Yoraya uralan porporo gost. Totonya tur eeta dura. Tyana morita. Easy, Captain. Aside from a nasty headache, you're going to be fine. You were stunned by a particle weapon.
I've stabilised them, but they were subjected to some rather invasive scans. There could be some residual neurological damage, but I'm doing everything I can. I'll be with you in a moment, Ensign. They're going to be fine. I sent them back to their quarters to rest. What can I do for you? HOSHI You spend a lot of time in the Mess Hall. Have you ever had a meal with Lieutenant Reed? Many times. Ah, the birthday dinner. Well, the man loves a good breakfast. Eggs, I've seen him eat a lot of eggs. Scrambled, poached, over easy. Oh, and he enjoys pancakes, on occasion. He has the odd habit of spreading peanut butter on them. Sausage, that's another favourite. Bacon too, come to think of it. Not that I recall. If anything comes to mind, I'll let you know. Medically speaking, there's no accounting for taste. Bromelin! I think I can help you, Ensign, but it would mean going into Mister Reed's medical record. That information is confidential. Under the circumstances, I suppose it wouldn't hurt. I've made it a point to study each crewman's medical history, and I remember noticing that Lieutenant Reed suffers from a number of allergies. Let's see. Dust mites, oak pollen, tropical grasses. Ah ha ha, here it is. He's averse to various plant enzymes, including bromelin. Over the last several years he's been taking regular injections so that his body can tolerate bromelin. Yes. Among other things, pineapple. This doesn't mean it's his favourite food.
Now, Let's try it without biting my fingers this time. (Phlox eats the second one himself.  Later, Hoshi enters bearing a PADD.)
I assumed you were being promoted. Do you agree with their assessment? I'm certain the High Command would reconsider your transfer if they knew everything you've done for this crew. You realise you're not the first Vulcan officer to be posted aboard a human starship. The High Command has tried this before but none of the others lasted more than a few weeks. They found their crewmates too chaotic and unpredictable. But you've been here more than six months and you haven't merely tolerated this crew, you've become part of it. Isn't it logical to take pride in that accomplishment? I suppose it is. Oh, I have it on good authority that several crewmembers are planning a gathering in your honour. I believe it's called a going-away party. I'd keep on alert if I were you. [Shuttlepod] (En route to the Coridan capital city.) Her injuries were quite extensive. I wish I could say. She's suffered extreme trauma. I wouldn't advise moving her for quite some time. I'm afraid you're going to have to stay here at least another twenty four hours. (Phlox leaves them.)
You should be grateful. A human cold is so mild. I once had a patient with the Kamaraazite flu. He sneezed so violently he nearly regurgitated his pineal gland. Oh, you may have picked up the virus from a piece of equipment. It could have been lurking inside a sealed container. Whoever packed that case was probably nursing a cold. You underestimate the tenacity of a virus, Lieutenant. It can lay dormant for months, adapt to whatever environment it finds itself Well, you won't be contagious inside an environment suit. Just try not to sneeze in your helmet. T'Pol was right. There's a neurotoxin in her bloodstream. Untreated, it could kill her within a day or two. I'm working on it. She's showing the effects of hypothermia. My guess is she took refuge in a low temperature environment aboard her ship. The cold would have delayed the effects of the toxin. Specifically, the toxin was bonded to a molecule unique to Xarantine ale. And that included some Xarantine ale? (She nods)
Lie still, Lieutenant. Get some rest. There will be plenty of time to explain what happened in the morning. (the two men leave) It took nearly three hours go get your body temperatures back to normal.
It'll only take a moment. Very well, Doctor. It's not like you to stray from your routine. This wouldn't have anything to do with our visitors? You've been spending quite a bit of time on their ship. And? Nothing that a little inaprovaline can't cure. I can understand why you'd be intrigued by their philosophy. Maybe you shouldn't be so quick to dismiss it after one bad experience. You're probably right, but if you do decide to experiment further, keep in mind that they've been working at this for a number of years. You've only known them for two days. Go slowly.
It was a simple matter to synthesise his blood type for a transfusion. He'll be back on his feet in a few hours. Commander, could you tell me what attacked him? I found cellular residue in the wound. It clearly doesn't belong to this gentleman. I assume it must have come from the animal that mauled him. (They go over to a microscope) The cells are in a state of chromosomal flux. They're mutating. It's as if they're trying to change into something but can't quite figure out what. That must have been a most unusual pig. [Thermal vents] Captain? I've been analyzing their mutative ability. Quite remarkable. I'll start right away.
I don't believe you'll be needing my services.
Finishing as we speak, though I'm not completely happy with the nose. [Situation room]
Possibly not, but I'm going to need a tissue sample if I hope to learn more about its
She's undergoing dermal regeneration. I will not. I don't know what business you have with this woman, but when she was brought in here she became my patient. If I remove her from the imaging chamber prematurely, she'll die. (The two Mazarite henchmen draw their weapons.) No! (Archer pulls him out of the line of fire as they shoot at the imaging chamber. The display above switches to 'System Failure diag ID 1010'. Enterprise shakes slightly.)
I usually require six days per year, but two should leave me sufficiently refreshed. Crewman Cutler is a capable medic. You can always wake me if you need to, but please, only if it's an emergency. (Cutler injects him) Well, to bed. (suddenly waking) Do'sani! Do'sani, yo-to aruda! I don't care what it tastes like. Sub-Commander. Has it been forty eight hours? Then why did you wake me? Emergency? Then call the doctor. Of course. Who's sick? Who? I know who he is. Where is he? We're not in Sickbay? Well then, to Sickbay. (Phlox gets out of bed and promptly falls on the floor.) I could use some assistance, please. [Sickbay] (Travis is just out of the imaging chamber.) What seems to be the trouble, Captain? Incredible. I've been standing up for almost five minutes. Hand me that scanner, Captain. (T'Pol does so, and has to switch it on for him.) Ah, yes, yes. It's definitely being caused by an antigenic compound in his system. We'll need Regulan blood worms. They're excellent at filtering toxins. No, fresh ones would be better. (He goes to the comm. panel.) Set a course for Regulus, maximum warp. I appreciate the offer, but it would be best to keep our relationship professional. I am the Chief Medical Officer on this ship and I am going to treat Ensign Mayweather. Then I'm going back to bed. [Archer's villa] (Archer is holding a bottle of something.) You can check it yourself if you like, Doctor. The analysis clearly shows he was given benzethonium chloride. You're quite allergic to it. This should do the trick. (He injects Travis.)
He has a mild concussion, but he should be fine. Ah, to be Vulcan. It's been my experience that humans have a great deal of difficulty separating emotional despair from what you call responsibility. I understand how uncomfortable his behaviour must be for you, but trust me, it would be unnatural for the Captain not to be affected by grief under these circumstances. It's, er, human nature. He'll be fine. [Archer's quarters] (Archer is scrolling through the crew manifest, with Porthos on his lap.) That's all right, Commander. Your company is appreciated, but it would be best if you left the packing to me. Well, I did expect this posting would last a while longer, but I'm sure an equally adventurous opportunity will present itself. Humans seem to be naturally optimistic. I'm surprised you don't share my outlook that something exciting always waiting around the next nebula. Oh, I wouldn't be so sure of that. Ambassador Soval's service record contains an impressive list of accomplishments. I'll certainly miss your outspoken personality, Mister Tucker.
Hoshi? How are you holding up? (Hoshi reaches down through the grill.) Good luck. (She continues on, then punches out a grill into a corridor and starts to lower herself down. Her vest gets caught on a hook and she drops to the floor, leaving it behind.) [Reed's quarters} (The door opens to reveal - Hoshi with her arms crossed in front of her naked breasts.)
I don't know. I'm afraid not. She suffered a rather severe concussion. You'd be of little help in your present condition, Ensign. [Bridge] Ensign, lie still. Your injuries don't appear to be serious. Present circumstances, however, should not keep up from continuing our Denobulan lessons. What about anatomy? Let's begin with the thyroid gland. In Denobulan. Very good. How about the hypothalamus? Excellent. Now the xiphoid process. That's a difficult one. (gives her a hypo) No. No, that could be misinterpreted as big toe. The proper term would be (something). All right, let's try something simpler. Pericardia. [Sickbay] Ensign. I realise you're anxious to help but you wouldn't make it to the turbolift. If you'd like, I could have them bring the comm. logs here.
It's all right to pet him. You'll have to use the isolation gloves. His auto-immune system is collapsing. I've isolated the pathogen, broken down its protein sequence. I can't explain it, Captain. It shouldn't be affecting him like this, but it is. Running more tests. I'm sure I'll come up with something. It's too early to tell. I transmitted them myself before you left Enterprise. They should have, assuming they took the time to check. Porthos has no intention of giving up, and neither do I. If you were a married man I'd be wondering if your wife had thrown you out. I don't think your dog is in any condition to know whether you're here or not. Be my guest. Take your pick. (gestures to biobeds) My sub-mammalian database contains no pertinent files on bugles, but there's sufficient information on similar chordata. Yes. (Archer makes up his temporary bed.) The Denobulan Lemur is highly sought-after. It's not exactly a dog, but you could say it's doglike. It has a tail, fur. Most have one head. Captain, please. You needn't be concerned. I hold six degrees in Interspecies Veterinary Medicine. As a matter of fact I've also earned degrees in dentistry, hematology, botanical pharmacology. I believe I've eliminated the pathogen. The question is whether the treatment I've devised will stabilise his auto-immune system before In a few hours, I'll have a more detailed prognosis. There are many harmless strains of bacteria that can become lethal when the immune system is compromised, but it is too early to be thinking about that. Now, we should both try to get a few hours of rest. If there are any changes in his vital signs the alarms are quite loud. Good night. (Archer speaks to a patently fake beagle.) I'm sorry, Captain. Did I wake you? Just trimming my toenails. They grow quite rapidly. Have to keep them groomed at least once a week. Thanks for your concern. Good night. (He carries on slicing about an inch of brown nail off his toes. Archer returns to his bed and Phlox feeds his nail trimmings to something in a cage. Then we're treated to the sight of Phlox scraping an extremely long tongue. Later, Archer wakes from sleep to the sound of animals chirping. He gets up to see Phlox doing a feeding round.) I'm sorry, Captain. Did I wake you again? Feeding time. (He sprinkles something into a tank of water and a Nearly an hour. Only when I'm here. They're very demanding when they know I'm in Sickbay. I'll still need at least a couple of hours. He's fast asleep. He's gone into anaphylactic shock. His body's rejecting the treatment I selected. Exactly. It's not working. Fill this with five cc's of tetrasol. It's the blue fluid, second on the right. Five cc's. I don't think so. You asked me if he was going to die. A couple of hours, yes. How are things progressing with the Kreetassans? Why does T'Pol's opinion concern you? You didn't answer my question. I would think you'd be more interested in Commander Tucker's opinion. You've known him for many years, if I'm not mistaken. Have you considered that your anger may encompass more than just Porthos and the Kreetassans? How long has it been since you were intimate with a woman? How long has it been. Absolutely. He's in there. Keep your head down! No matter what I do to secure her cage she always finds a way to get out. (So Archer joins in the hunt, holding the net while the bat is lured to a pile of food, and Phlox has an origami bird on a stick which he uses to try and scare it. However, the bat simply attacks the bird and flies off again.) It should have been. Pyrithian Moon Hawks eat these bats. I know I got the silhouette right, and I mastered the call years ago. No, I'll be fine. We need to find her before we can catch her. She'll stay up high. Have you thought any more about why T'Pol's opinion is so important to you? Sexual tension, Captain. There's no doubt in my mind. That's just the filter bracket. For the past few months I've noticed increasing friction between you and the Sub-Commander. You must understand that I'm trained to observe these things. When one person believes their sexual attraction toward another is inappropriate they often exhibit unexpected behaviour. Such as inordinate anger toward comparisons made between their ship and their beagle. She's coming back down! Watch out! (Hoshi enters and gently plucks the bat out of the air.) Nothing new. I'll stay with him. Unless you'd like to continue our discussion regarding Sub-Commander T'Pol. [Pet Graveyard, pouring with rain] (The senior staff are in dark suits under umbrellas.) (in clerical collar) We are gathered here today to bid a final farewell to a faithful and kind colleague. A friend who would never hesitate to offer his paw in exchange for a simple smile or a slice of cheese. Like his namesake, this quadruped believed we should stand together. 'All for one and one for all'. (T'Pol moves close to Archer Let's hope your dream wasn't prophetic. It doesn't appear to be doing very well. My people don't keep pets. Oh, very much so. Their kidneys are considered a great delicacy. (T'Pol enters with a tray and two covered plates.) How very kind. Two Pillarian slips within thirty seconds. Interesting. (the alarm goes off on Porthos's monitor) My treatment was effective, at least partially. His immune system is stabilising but his pituitary gland was severely damaged. It's all but disintegrated. Bring me the small grey cage on the second shelf. The one with the blue top. A Calrissian Chameleon. Unless you have a better suggestion. It's a shame, actually. The chameleon secretes a rare toxin that's very useful in treating respiratory infections. She's the last one I have. I'll need to super-hydrate the canine in order to minimize the shock to his pulmonary system. Only for an hour, Captain. There should be no problem resuscitating him once the surgery's complete. Never. Not to my knowledge. Perhaps you're right, Captain. Perhaps I'm insensitive to the bond between you and your subservient quadruped. I'll leave the procedure up to you. But whatever your decision, make it quickly. Yes? Neither. If you were ignoring it, you obviously wouldn't be seeking my opinion especially under these circumstances. As for discussing it with the Sub-Commander that's entirely up to you, but I can't imagine an outcome that would do anything but make matters worse. Pass me the auto-suture, please. The yellow one. One step at a time. First we need to resuscitate him. Be aware of it, Captain. Simply be aware of it. You'd be surprised what a difference that'll make. Lower the fluidic temperature twelve degrees. You may have trouble finding him. He'll have the ability to blend into his background when frightened. Yes, I am. I do have three wives. Two husbands, besides myself. Very. Why else be polygamous? Each have three husbands. A total of seven hundred and twenty relationships, forty two of which have romantic possibilities. Thirty one, at last count. I'm ready for the synaptic inductor, the small blue one. My children all left the nest years ago, Captain. I'll take that as a compliment. My two daughters, I'm proud to say, followed in my footsteps. One's a surgeon, the other's a biochemist. My eldest son's an artist. A potter, actually. He lives in the same town as his mother. Creates beautiful things. My two younger sons and I never saw eye-to-eye. I'm afraid we haven't spoken in quite some time. Perfectly all right. You asked me if I missed them. The answer is yes, every one of them. The children, the wives, even the other husbands. But we Denobulans live a long time, Captain, and right now there is nowhere I'd rather be than serving with the Interspecies Medical Exchange aboard this wonderful vessel of yours. As I recall, you accused my entire species of being insensitive. Then I apologise to you and all your fellow Denobulans. Well, I can't speak for the others, but, on behalf of myself, I accept. And to think T'Pol told me you were incapable of apologising. I hear things went very well on the surface. You'll be pleased to know that while you were gone, things went very well up here, too. Not the slightest sign of rejection. By all means. Now's as good a time as any. Unconscious? Nonsense. He's just asleep. (Phlox taps the side of the box, and You're welcome back anytime, Captain. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Push, Lieutenant. Two more seconds. And rest. It's unethical to harm a patient. I can inflict as much pain as I like. A positive attitude is vital to the healing process. The more you complain, the longer your recovery is likely to take. Another week, possibly two. Attitude, Lieutenant. The wound might heal faster if you'd allow me to apply a few more Regulan Blood Worms. He'll come out on his own, eventually. [Ready room] (A squeaking noise makes Porthos get up.) That's the third time you've asked. It's remarkable. Your cells are regenerating at an exponential rate. Do you see how it's using a cytokinetic enzyme to stimulate the cell division? (almost drooling) I could certainly use a device like this. Perhaps the Captain could negotiate a trade of some sort. (The device He's dead, Captain. (A little later, as we watch Travis being wheeled along on a gurney.) The subcutaneous burns are consistent with an isolytic shock but I can't be certain until I perform a full postmortem. I'll keep you apprised. You may find this disturbing. It's different when it's someone you know personally. (He pulls back the curtain for her.) I don't recall that. It might comfort you to know he felt very little pain. An isolytic shock instantly impairs the nervous. That's odd. (He looks at the monitor.) They're dead. All of them. Excuse me, Ensign. [Travis's quarters] As a matter of fact, I did. This is not Ensign Mayweather. It's a nearly perfect replica. I've never seen a lifeform duplicated in such extraordinary detail, from its epidermis down to its cellular proteins. This is remarkable work. You recall what happened to Crewman Fisher last month after our visit to Tessik Prime? I inoculated the entire crew to prevent an outbreak. Would you mind rolling up your sleeve? (Phlox puts a cuff over Archer's wrist and shows These microbes thrive on isolytic energy. If anything, they would have multiplied. I believe that someone, or something, has abducted Ensign Mayweather and left this facsimile in his place. It's ironic, in a way. The station can duplicate a dead human body in all its exquisite detail, yet a living, simple, one-celled organism is beyond its capability. [Bridge] The comm.'s down. (Archer and T'Pol run off.) [Bridge] I may be able to shed some light on the subject. (He hands over a According to T'Pol's scans most of them had been there for years. The damage to their brains was irreversible. Fortunately, you were removed before any permanent injury occurred. I'd like to observe him for another twenty four hours, if you don't mind. (Phlox leaves them.)
It's yours, if you'd like it. Her needs are modest. A nutrient broth every three or four days. Less often when she's working. She'll ingest a little blood while she's healing an injured artery. Try this, instead. (He hands over a gun-like contraption.) I'm surprised you don't have one. Nonsense. Please. Cardio-stimulator, neural shock kit. I had no idea processing deuterium was such a dangerous business. I've only heard of hexatriol being used to treat serious plasma burns. I hope you won't need it. Is there something wrong? Of course.
Very nice. Thank you. Oh, I detected a lymphatic virus on board this morning. Most likely it sneaked in with one of the deuterium canisters. We should probably inoculate the crew. Well, it's a very reliable device, but it's not perfect. The inoculation does have some side effects. Headache, nausea, diarrhoea. But they would subside in a day or two. Do I have your permission? I'm afraid the virus will have spread by then. I really need an answer today. Not too much later. It's going to be difficult to convince them he's indisposed for the next four days.
Is there any pain?
I won't ask you again. (she lets go) I'll let you know when I've completed the surgery. (T'Pol administers a quick neck pinch and he crumples to the floor, then she goes to study Travis's brain scans.) [Galley] (T'Pol uses a medical scanner to check Hoshi's brain.)
Ensign. Something I can do for you? I was feeding my leeches. Are you all right? I'm right here, Ensign. Are you not feeling well? I heard about your ordeal on the surface. Those storms sounded terrifying. Come sit down. Let's take a look. (He begins scanning her.) PHLOX: It'll take me a while to account for every molecule, but you appear to be in one piece. I don't think you're in danger of becoming the next Cyrus Ramsey. I spent nearly nine months on Earth, remember? Not a single bio-molecular anomaly. A subcutaneous pigmentation. Well, it looks lovely where it is now. I have a lot of animals to feed before bedtime. If I were you, I'd get a good night's sleep, hmm? [Hoshi's quarters] (She's wakened by a comm. chirp.) Ensign? Is there something in particular you'd like me to look at? Well, I see you, Ensign, and the Sickbay doors responded when you came in. Transporter technology is very new. (scans her) I'm sure humans were equally frightened when the automobile was introduced, or the airplane. New forms of transport take a while to get used to. I'm not at all surprised at your reaction. You wouldn't catch me using that apparatus. But I can promise you one thing. You're in perfect health. You're neither transparent nor porous. As far as I'm concerned I didn't even see you come in here. I would like to give you a mild sedative. It'll help you get a good night's sleep. As you wish, but stop by in the morning, all right? She said she felt shaky. You're aware that was the first time she'd ever transported? I believed that was the source of her anxiety. She was convinced her molecules hadn't been reassembled properly. I should've taken her more seriously. These are the biomolecular scans I took during each of Look how much her subcellular membranes have degraded. These scans were taken less than twenty four hours apart. It's virtually impossible. If they're not perfectly synchronised? Captain, if there was a loss of molecular cohesion I'm afraid we shouldn't be looking for Hoshi, per se. Subcellular residue. There wouldn't be anything left by now except for subcellular residue. It's difficult to tell. The amino acids have broken down. Try isolating the dipeptides. Now run a comparison with her genetic profile. (The scanner shows a match.) I doubt we'll ever know, Commander. Captain Archer will want Hoshi's parents to have this. (He scrapes a bit of gloop up off the floor I understand. (Phlox leaves.) Actually, it probably happened in the last one or two seconds as your matter stream was coalescing. She seems fine.
Enterprise may survive. The crew is another matter. The storm is saturated with radiolytic isotopes. If the crew is exposed, they'll be dead within three minutes. Sickbay is the most heavily shielded section. It's possible that some of the crew could survive there. Do you know the absorption depth of this alloy? It should be adequate. This way.(The ship is a frenzy of activity. The warp injectors are being locked down. Duffle bags are being passed up the ladders to the catwalk, spacesuits are being packed and moved.) [Sickbay] I understand you've allotted fifteen cubic metres for medical supplies? That means there's only enough room for two-thirds of these cages. They'll eat each other. They're vital to my work and the health of this crew. I'm not accustomed to making emotional appeals. Please, don't ask me to choose between them. My Edosian slugs thank you. [Catwalk] (People are setting in either side of the walkway.) PalantiI, are you passing through or is there something I can help you with? Yes? This wouldn't have anything to do with gastrointestinal distress? Not at all. There's a notation in your medical file. Something about an unfortunate incident during zero g training. Nothing to be embarrassed about. I've treated a number of crewmen this afternoon for motion sickness. (Phlox gives him a hypospray.) That should last for about twelve hours. Oh, a few bumps and bruises from the turbulence. Nothing too serious. (Archer surveys the array of cages.) Nonsense. I have plenty of room. I find the close quarters rather comforting. Reminds me of home. Twelve billion people sharing one continent. Remember, the suit will protect you for only twenty two minutes. They're immune to radiolytic isotopes. The storm was never any threat to them.
I wouldn't do that, Captain. I've been analysing the Arkonians' physiology. Their endocrine system is extremely sensitive to temperature fluctuations. If that pilot is suffering from dehydration, it's no doubt causing an acute cellular breakdown. Transporting him will most likely be fatal. [Cliff face] Why don't you ask him yourself? The Universal Translator is online.
I told you it was just a matter of time before we'd need supplemental medications. This conference is a perfect opportunity. Some of your finest physicians will be there. It's essential that I speak with them. I think I can question them without revealing that you're infected. I'm afraid we have no choice. Without further treatment, you could very possibly die. Oh, I haven't seen Feezal for nearly four years. Denobulans are renowned for their patience. (The air lock door opens Captain Archer, I'd like you to meet my second wife, Feezal. And this is our Chief Engineer, Commander Tucker. Nonsense, Captain. We've been apart for four years. Another hour, another day. As I said, we're very patient. One of my colleagues on Denobula has been studying Pa'nar Syndrome for some time. Its pathology is quite similar to thymic sclerosis. It's a nonfatal illness which we've had very little success treating. I promised him, my colleague back home, that I'd inquire about any recent advances in its treatment. My friend is well aware of that. Unfortunately, thymic sclerosis is found in all strata of Denobulan society. Developing a cure is of paramount importance. As I told you, I'm currently serving on a Starfleet vessel. Humans are not susceptible to it. I could contact my colleague but it would take at least five days before we'd receive a response. Anything you could provide me with would be instrumental in helping the Denobulan people. Thank you for your time. [Sickbay] Sub-Commander T'Pol is not aware of my request. I'm curious why That's correct. As far as I know, her expertise does not include medicine. As would I. Your questions to T'Pol seem inappropriate. I believe I was very clear about that. What motive are you suggesting?(Stromm hands a PADD to T'Pol.) Are you saying there is no additional research? Has Vesna forgiven Groznik yet? Well, at least he has his other wives. Which one was her third husband? Oh, was that Klaban? Forlisa. Forlisa. Oh, my, my. (He joins them.) PHLOX: I thought about asking Forlisa to be my second wife. Turned out she already had three husbands. Yes, Captain. Certainly. I'll be back as soon as I can, my beloved. Commander. (Feezal still has her hand on Tucker's shoulder, and is smiling at him.) [Ready room] Yes, Captain. Sir? Yes, sir. I have no intention of lying to you, Captain. Nearly a year. I believe your culture embraces the concept of doctor-patient confidentiality. Pa'nar syndrome is an illness that carries a stigma on Vulcan. Only members of the minority can initiate a mind-meld, but any Vulcan can be the recipient. I've kept it in check, but the symptoms have progressed. That's why I requested the most current research. I understand. With this research, I should be able to get closer than they have. Very. It will allow me to improve my course of treatment long before her symptoms get worse. Do they have the authority to do that? He's right, T'Pol. You should tell them. Just because they asked you to participate, doesn't mean you had to. You're lucky this creature didn't strike a bit lower. If I may ask, what is the purpose of this sport? I don't believe so. Are you not feeling well, Commander? By all means. What's on your mind? I think we're about done here. It would be best if you avoided fargans for a few days. What's that? She is remarkable. Was there something else? Sexual advances? (grinning) Has she offered to give you a rose petal bath? Oh, any man would be a fool to ignore the romantic overtures of a healthy Denobulan woman. Don't you find her attractive? What does that have to do with it? Oh, nonsense. Nonsense. You're too concerned with human morality. I thought you wanted to learn about new cultures. Isn't that why you joined Starfleet? As you wish. Your loss. [T'Pol's quarters] (T'Pol is packing her ornaments when the door chimes.) Feezal tells me it can be quite temperamental. (as Feezal enters) My beloved. I certainly hope it's not another four years until I see you again. Commander Tucker assures me he'll keep your beautiful microscope in perfect running order. It's a shame you two didn't get to know each other better. Humans. (They both laugh.) [Ready room]
Yes. This planet is home to a rather pernicious mutagenic pathogen, and I'll need to bombard your immune system with analeptic radiation to protect you while you're on the surface. It's quite painless, I assure you. Vulcan physiology isn't affected by the pathogen. Shall we? (Archer enters the Decon Chamber and Phlox stands at the window. A purple light comes on.) This should only take a moment. If I may ask, how did your first meeting with the Vulcans go? Ironic. They weren't overly enthusiastic about you taking command of Enterprise in the first place, and now your presence is crucial to their interests. All finished. (The purple light goes off.) Captain, I served as a medic in the Denobulan infantry. If I learned anything from that experience, it's that battlefields are unpredictable places, even under a flag of truce. Be careful. [Shuttlepod] (Shortly after launching from Enterprise. Archer is piloting.)
The tissue damage is extensive, but I should be able to isolate a few fragments. Absolutely. (T'Pol enters.) No, but I did discover that our guest is no ordinary human. I found an unusual deviation in this nucleotide sequence. At first I thought I was looking at some kind of mutation, but there was something familiar about the chromosome structure, so I widened my search to include the interspecies database. This nucleotide sequence is Vulcan. The likeliest explanation is that he had at least one Vulcan ancestor further back than a great-grandparent. I also found genetic material belonging to several other species. This sequence is Terrelian. There's another I can't identify. I believe this individual is the result of several generations of interspecies breeding. I found another nucleotide sequence in the pilot's genome. It appears to be Rigelian. That corpse is full of surprises. (tastes his meal) I didn't realise how late it was until my stomach reminded me it was time to eat. You seem to be engrossed in your work as well. Anything noteworthy? More mysteries. I understand Captain Archer believes that the vessel travelled here from the future. Genetic anomalies, unexplainable alloys, the evidence seems to be mounting. The Vulcan Science Directorate. They've always been rather reluctant to embrace unorthodox ideas. After they review our findings, I have a feeling they might reconsider their opinion of time travel. There was a time when Denobulans believed they were the only intelligent species in the galaxy. Needless to say, it was quite a surprise when the B'Saari made First Contact. Many refused to accept the truth even with the evidence standing right in front of them. It took some time, and it wasn't easy, but eventually we were forced to reevaluate our beliefs. Surprises, Sub-Commander. I believe in embracing surprises. Good night. [Engineering] I can't find anything wrong with either of you. The particle density's quite low. It's unlikely to have any lasting effects.
If I may, I've been running a forensic analysis. There are traces of human blood on the deck and bulkheads, both the Captain's and Commander Tucker's. Lieutenant Reed believes they were abducted. And you?
I'm not detecting any parasites or lifeforms or wisps of smoke. He seems in perfect working order. It's a very common hallucination, returning to a familiar place. You're clear, Commander. Free to go. I hope I'm not disturbing you. I'm not certain. One of those beings appeared in Sickbay a few I'm fine. But it was disturbing. The lifeform was trying very hard to reach me.(In the Armoury, Reed spots the reflection of a blue wisp in a fixture, and makes a dash for it. He tries shooting at it, but of course that has no effect. It catches him in a corridor, where he has an appreciative look at a departing woman.) [Turbolift] It was simpler than I thought. Elevated acetylcholine levels in the autonomic nervous The Sub-Commander programmed the medical computer. It's modifying this hand-scanner as we speak. Ensign Cole and Crewman Rossi. (T'Pol goes out, and returns with a couple of burly security men.) [Catwalk] Sickbay. Hoshi? What happened? I'm armed. If you're near the door, step away. There's nothing the matter with you. (Hoshi jumps him as he's looking at the scanner. They fight and she gets the pistol, but she's lying on the floor and he has hold of one of her legs.) (to spray) I'm glad I brought you along. [Corridor] (Phlox's communicator chirps.) Doctor Phlox. More or less. Sub-Commander? T'Pol? (She's standing motionless.) PHLOX: Have you My name. We'll have to purge the carbon dioxide within twenty seconds of respiratory failure. [Catwalk command area] Four, five, six, seven. Junction four one alpha. Atmospheric [Catwalk command area] What should I do with it? [Catwalk command area] Very well. (He pulls it off to reveal a right angled pipe and a (heaves at the bar) It's not coming off. [Catwalk command area] Good suggestion. Tell me what to do. [Catwalk command area] Back home, I'm known for my fine motor skills. I doubt a pair of EV gloves [Catwalk command area] I see them. Phlox to Captain Archer. Mission accomplished. [Catwalk command area] In a moment, Captain. I need to be certain the CO2 levels are consistent throughout the ship, that all the lifeforms are gone. [Catwalk command area] Just breathe deeply. You'll be fine. In through the nose, out through the mouth. Follow me, Commander. We have a lot of doors to unlock. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Any residual symptoms? Fever, dizziness?
Oh? This Doctor Frankenstein, his technique is not dissimilar to a practice on B'Saari Two. They successfully used an isolytic current to reanimate the bodies of the recently deceased. Of course, the revived individuals weren't capable of more than basic cellular metabolism. However, the B'Saari have developed a procedure that shows promise in repairing the synaptic
When isn't it? (He takes a bundle of fluff out of a box.) It won't bite. It's called a tribble. (She takes it.) PHLOX: It was extremely difficult to acquire. They're outlawed on most worlds. Oh, far from it. All it's capable of doing, really, is eating and breeding. The problem is they breed quite prodigiously. (Phlox takes it from her and drops it into another cage, where, amid much screeching, trembling of foliage and rattling of the bars, we assume it gets eaten.) The only thing that keeps their population in check is the abundance of reptiles on their homeworld. Are you feeling all right, Ensign? Thank you. [Situation room] They've mapped fifty kilometres. No one knows exactly how far they extend. This cave system is known for its mineral formations. The speleothems are supposed to be particularly unusual. They're demanding that all off-worlders leave. Anyone who fails to comply could face imprisonment, or possibly worse. I realise this was an unusual request, Captain. I want to thank you. There could be internal bleeding. Run a haemostatic scan. (to another nursing assistant) Treat these with dermalin gel and give him two cc's of anaprovaline for the pain. You're going to be fine. (A crewman is accompanying another stretcher.) Get him into the Imaging Chamber. [Planet - entrance to cave system] These two are doing well. His injuries were more extensive. His body absorbed a heavy dose of radiation. I've stabilised him for now, but he's going to need intra-cellular regeneration. (It's the one Phlox stared at.) It's a complex procedure, but I'd say the odds are in his favour. Our two species have a complicated history. We've gone to war with the Antarans on several occasions. On the contrary. It's been three hundred years since our last conflict. They've been particularly bitter disputes. I seriously doubt it. He insisted I leave the room. I don't think you realise how much bad blood there is. I have to respect his wishes. The will of the patient is the cornerstone of Denobulan medical ethics. Hippocrates wasn't Denobulan. Without his consent, there is nothing I can do. I'm sorry, Captain, but I'm afraid I can't follow it. [Caves] (The trio are abseiling down a cliff. Again?) And he is the first Antaran I've ever met. As I said before, the situation is complicated. From childhood, every Antaran is taught that Denobulans are enemies to be feared, reviled. I doubt I could. Do you believe I can earn his trust in less than thirty six hours? Checking your biosigns. Nothing else. You're a long way from home. What brought you here? I enjoy a good challenge. You haven't answered my question. Well, I imagine the diverse population on this planet made it ideal for your research. Enterprise is here to pick up three Denobulan scientists. They also found this world uniquely suited to their fieldwork. I'm a doctor. I haven't killed anyone. I assure you, the regeneration procedure is quite safe. If you'll allow me to proceed I could ask you the same question about my people. Why? My children have nothing to do with this. Enough! I have tried to treat you with respect, but I refuse to listen to these insults. You're the reason we haven't been able to put the past behind us. You have kept this hatred alive. No Denobulan would want to be in the same room with you! (Phlox storms out of Sickbay.) [Mess hall] (It is empty save for Phlox toying with his food, when T'Pol enters and gets herself a drink.) Actually, I'm not in the mood for company, Sub-Commander. Wait. I'm sorry. Sit down. Sit. Please. Please. How are the repairs to transport coming? Dying, but that seems to be his wish. I've had patients refuse treatment before, but usually in the final stages of an illness. But this man seems determined to die just to prove a point. It's painful to admit, but I understand why. When I was quite young, I wanted to take a trip to an arboreal planet near our system. It was a park of sorts with a great variety of exotic animal life. Some friends and I had planned the journey for months, but the week before I was supposed to leave one of my grandmothers took me aside and told me I couldn't go. She said the planet was tainted. Antarans had lived there once. Even though they'd been gone for years, she believed the place had been spoiled by their presence. No, but when I had children of my own I took them there. I was determined not to raise them as I was raised. I certainly tried. (He looks near to tears.) Thanks for your company. Good night. [Caves] (Tucker and Reed are crawling through narrow passages, hauling their backpacks separately.) That's your decision, but if my knowledge of Antaran lifespans is correct, your last days won't come for about sixty years. Once the intra-cellular regeneration is complete, you should be able to I need to take you off the pain medication before I begin the procedure. I did have nightmares. You asked me if I had heard stories as a child about the Antarans. My grandmother lived through the last war. I would lay in my bed at night thinking about her stories, terrified that one of those evil Antarans would climb through my window. You also asked me if I have children. I have five. And no, I never told them my grandmother's stories. When they asked me about the Antarans, I told them the truth, as best as I knew it. I told them about our military campaigns against your people. About how we had demonised you, turned you into a faceless enemy. I wanted them to learn to judge people for what they really are, not what the propaganda tells them. I don't. But I'm proud to say that my children would consider my grandmother's attitude archaic. All of them but one. We have grown more open-minded since the last war, but there are still Denobulans who fear Antarans, even hate them. My youngest son, Mettus, was seduced by those people. I did my best to convince him he was mistaken. I told him I wouldn't tolerate the values he was embracing. It created a rift between us. Maybe I didn't do enough to reach him. Last time we spoke was nearly ten years ago. You wanted to know what my children would think if they were here now. I can tell you what Mettus would think. He would be happy to have me grant your request and let you die. But that is not the example I tried to set for my children. Why not live and set an example for yours? [Caves] (The Denobulans and their Starfleet rescuers are crawling through that narrow passage again, when ) Many do. Perhaps if you met more of us. Is that all you wanted to say to me? He'll be a bit groggy when he comes out of the anesthesia, but the procedure was successful. Neither was I. You must be familiar with the principle of doctor patient confidentiality. Of course, you could always order me to tell you. [Corridor] Computer, begin recording. Dear Mettus, I know it's been time since I've written, and I know chances are slim that you'll respond to this letter. However, something has happened that compels me to try to reach you again. I've had an experience that has opened many old wounds. As painful as it's been, it's also changed something in me. I hope, if you're willing to listen, it might begin to change something in you. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Not all species are limited to two sexes. In fact, I have it on good authority that the Rigellians have four, or was it five? That's exactly what I'm saying. Precisely. Multi-gendered techniques aren't always the same, but in this case I imagine the cogenitor provides an enzyme which facilitates conception. Well, first, the female has to Oh, well. I have pictures. It should protect you from omicron radiation for about twelve years. Keep an open mind, Commander. You came on this mission to meet other species, no matter how many genders they may have. [Stratopod] (It's a small, two man craft with a big window at the front.) They're most likely one and the same. It's not a question of right or wrong. They weren't carrying any pathogens that would be dangerous to our crew. I'm afraid I didn't take any neural scans. Why would you want to? I suppose you could. [Mess hall] Right here. Her synaptic density and neural mass are almost identical to the other two. Your cogenitor appears to be no more or less intelligent than the male and female. [Stratopod]
You wanted to see me, Lieutenant? How can I help? You, of all people, should be open-minded about technology. If your heart was damaged, would you want me to replace it with a synthetic organ, or would you rather die? There's a species I once encountered in the Beta Magellan system, the Bynars. When they're born, a surgeon removes the child's parietal lobe and replaces it with a synaptic processor. I saw the procedure performed once. It was very impressive. I don't see any evidence of a weapon. The Tarkaleans should live but the nanoprobes have infiltrated their autonomic systems. Their renal glands have been replaced with devices like this. Essentially, these individuals are being transformed into some sort of cybernetic hybrid. Not surgically. These devices are multiplying at an extraordinary rate. I could never extract them all. I'm attempting to slow their progress with a modified retrovirus, but so far I haven't been very successful. If you do that, I won't be able to treat them as effectively. I My name is Phlox. I'm a physician. You are aboard a starship. We responded to your distress call. (The Tarkalean sees the mottling on his hand.) Your vessel was attacked. I'm doing my very best to treat you. (to guard) I'm going to sedate him. (But the man pushes Phlox away, then the woman jumps the guard and knocks him out. Two tubes come out of the man's fist and into Phlox's neck. He collapses, and the Tarkaleans leave up an access ladder.  Later, as a cacophony of voices is heard.) We were attacked. (he grabs a scanner and holds it against his neck) I've been infected with the nanoprobes. One of the aliens injected me, some sort of tubules. Use extreme caution, Lieutenant. Their physical strength has been enhanced. It's critical that you don't let them touch you. (checks the guard) You haven't been infected. Actually, it's feeding time for my Edosian slugs. They're quite partial to boiled rootleaf. I usually pick some up from the galley, but under the circumstances. What's this? It's best if I avoid food for the time being. If I eat, my cellular metabolism will accelerate. The nanoprobes could spread further. Why are you wearing a phase pistol? I hope you'll use the stun setting. I appreciate the offer, but it may not be safe to be near me right now. The technology could assert itself at any moment. I don't know what will happen if it does. I underestimated these nanoprobes once. I don't intend to make the same mistake twice. Better than I anticipated. The nanoprobes seem to be having trouble with my immune system. But they're persistent little fellows. It won't be long before they adapt. Possibly. I've been attempting to treat the infection as if it were, well, an infection. Then it suddenly occurred to me, this isn't a biological problem. I need to think like an engineer, not a physician. I extracted several of the devices and subjected them to different forms of radiation. Their intra-molecular processors appear to be vulnerable to omicron particles. But if one of the nanoprobes survives, it will start to multiply again. So I'll need to programme a rather excessive dose. The side effects will not be pleasant, to say the least. You may want to keep this in the event I'm unsuccessful. (He hands over a hypospray) A cure of sorts. It contains a neural toxin that will terminate my synaptic functions within a matter of seconds. I have no intention of turning into one of those cybernetic creatures. [Armoury] (Reed and Crewman Foster are test firing a phase rifle.) I've programmed the irradiation sequence, but I'll need you to activate it once the chamber's sealed. All you have to do is press this. (He crawls onto the trolley which then takes him into the imaging chamber, then the hatch closes. Inside, it looks like the radiation is agony for him.) [Transporter alcove] I'm merely catching up on some paperwork. Nothing too strenuous, I assure you. It's vital to keep the mind occupied during the healing process. Captain, there's something you should know. I had a rather strange experience while I was infected. I believe I was connected with the aliens, possibly through some form of telepathy. Not precisely. It felt as though I was part of a group consciousness. It seemed quite real. I couldn't understand most of what I was hearing, but I got the distinct impression they were trying to send a subspace message. They transmitted a numerical sequence. I heard it over and over again. (He hands over a PADD.) [Ready room]
I'll have to run some more tests. To be safe, we should both go  through Decon. [Skalaar's  ship] (Archer  wakes up behind bright yellow 'bars.')  That wouldn't be advisable. We'd both suffer permanent cellular  damage.  Decon gel E may neutralise the microbe, but it will be several  hours before we know if it's effective.  You have little choice. This organism appears to be infectious  and humans would be far more vulnerable to it than you or I. Commander  Tucker is quite capable. If he needs your help, he knows where to find  you. (He draws a curtain between them before disrobing to apply the gel.)  Fortunately no one else on the surface was exposed to the microbe. I  suspect you and I were contaminated when we climbed into the second  ravine. Considering the quantity of fauna down there, I'm not at all  surprised. We were probably infected by the marsupials I found.  Their saliva is a natural anti-coagulant. I couldn't return to  the ship without a sample. I could use your assistance. (T'Pol pulls the  curtain back to apply the gel to his prominent ridged spine.)  Not everyone is comfortable with the idea of disrobing in front  of others.  It's a characteristic of Denobulan males. We're more inhibited  than our women. It's led to a number of awkward moments. My Starfleet  physical was an experience I never hope to repeat. (T'Pol is fascinated  by his spinal ridges.)  (scanning her) You've developed a slight fever. I'm also reading  elevated dopamine levels. The microbe may be affecting your limbic  system.  I don't mean to be intrusive. (T'Pol stands and paces.)  Sub-Commander, where are you going?  You'll spread the infection.  Your quarters are on C deck. By the time you reach them you'll  contaminate half the ship.  I'm sorry, but I can't obey it.  I doubt that very  We'll know in a few hours whether the gel is working. Until  then, perhaps a mild sedative will help? [Skalaar's  ship] Not for three hours.  (sitting up) I can apply it myself, thank you. Perhaps you need  another sedative.  Sub-Commander, this behaviour is hardly appropriate.  Of course I do, but that is not the issue.  You and I are colleagues. It's against regulations.  It's obvious you're not well. Please.  Your endorphin and hormonal levels are dangerously high.  These are hardly normal readings.  You know what's wrong with you?  I believe it's time for you to amend that policy. You have my  assurance it will remain between us.  Have you gone through this before?  It's possible the infection acted as a catalyst.  Feel any better?  Our meals will be here soon.  I'm working as quickly as I can. The serum should help alleviate  most of your symptoms.  I'd prefer to explore a more conventional approach.  This mating cycle of yours was artificially induced. We can't be  certain that a physical encounter would help.  Sub-commander.  You're disturbing my serum! You obviously need to be sedated  again.  One of us should probably answer that. It could be news about  the Captain. This is Phlox.  Just in the nick of time, Commander. (to T'Pol) It would be best  if you remained here. [Isolation  ward window] Well enough. Have you been able to locate Captain Archer?  Yes, thank you.  She developed a slight fever. Nothing to be concerned about.  (Phlox pushes her back into the chamber and shuts the door on her.)  I beg your pardon?  You know I can't do that.  If I lower the temperature, the serum will start to congeal.  I assure you, you're going to feel much better in just a few  minutes.  This will only take a moment. (she fends him off) Your  biochemical imbalance is growing worse. If we don't treat it now, the  damage to your limbic system could be irreversible. You said it  yourself, T'Pol, it could kill you.  One injection, that's all I ask. Very well. (He opens the door.) PHLOX: You're  free to go. Four two eight six four. That's the locking code. Denobulan  medical ethics prevent me from treating patients against their will.  Four two eight six four! (He tries to inject her from behind as she  stands at the keypad, but she knocks him out instead. The code doesn't  work so she rips the panel from the wall, forces the door open by hand  and dashes into the corridor. Phlox gets up.)  Phlox to the Bridge.  You may want to evacuate D deck. [Corridor] (Reed  and his security team are in spacesuits.)  You'll be pleased to know the microbe's been eliminated from your system. Your premature mating cycle has ended.  I've had patients treat me far worse.  Denobulan males aren't comfortable discussing such topics.  I'd never violate a patient's privacy.  (He helps her to her feet.) [Bridge]
I can't remember the last time he asked me to join the senior staff for a briefing. The Vulcan research team detected traces of pyretic radiation in the alien debris. We're going to need to treat anyone who got close to the wreckage. Doctor Fer'at is here to determine the extent of your exposure. I'm afraid this examination is over. You are finished, I just checked the Vulcan database. There's only one Doctor Fer'at listed, and he's not a pathologist, he's a psychiatric analyst. You come to my Sickbay under false pretenses. Where are your medical ethics?! Gladly. [Deleted scene - Chinese Restaurant] (Archer has walked down the street in a leather jacket, and entered the building. He's greeted by the Maitre D') What decision would that be? They could be for my replacement. And what about you? I'm much more interested in hearing what you want. Nonsense. You've done it before. It's interesting. You and I, the only aliens on board this vessel. To go or to stay. For me, it was a simple question of loyalty towards the Captain and the sad realisation that he'll need me more then ever on such a crucial mission. But for you it's a more difficult decision. Does your allegiance lie with the High Command or with Captain Archer? (A crewwoman wheels in a box.) (reading the inventory) Ah.
Xindi epithelial cells, harvested from the corpse they found inside the crashed probe. Precisely. When I'm finished constructing my physiometric profile I wouldn't be surprised to find he has reptilian characteristics. Do you have any siblings? Commander Tucker had one sister. She was killed in the attack. He's having difficulty dealing with the loss. More specifically, it's affecting his sleep. I've been giving him sedatives, but I'd like to see him start tapering off. I believe the Commander would be a fine candidate for Vulcan neuro-pressure. I'm certain with your delicate guidance And he's suffered a very intimate loss. He needs your help. There's one little problem. Assuming that you'd agree to my request, I suggested all of this to Commander Tucker earlier today, and he was less than enthusiastic. Perhaps if I could get him to go to your quarters, you might be able to convince him of the lasting benefits of Vulcan neuro-pressure. [Mining planet surface] (The shuttlepod lands in a devastated looking place with a few wind turbines within the quarry.) Yes, and no. The genetic profile is nearly identical to the tissue samples taken from the corpse found on Earth. Their base pair sequencing is far closer than, say, humans and chimpanzees. Nearly identical, but not quite. A reasonable analogy. After analysing the remains of the Xindi corpse I was able to provide the computer with enough data to create this rendering. However, this humanoid is reptilian, that finger is not. It's covered with skin, not unlike yours or mine, but it's Xindi all the same. I wish I could be more helpful, Captain. Very well. Come by at around twenty two hundred hours. I'll see what I can do. I'm terribly sorry, Captain, but there was nothing I could do. I realise how important it would have been to have a Xindi to help us. You'd be surprised. It was extremely difficult and painful for him to speak, but he managed to dictate this to me before he died. He said you'd know what it meant. Very well. (Phlox injects him.) If you wouldn't mind, Commander. I promised T'Pol I'd take these bioscans to her quarters, but I still have quite a bit of work to do here. Sickbay to T'Pol. Commander Tucker is on his way to your quarters. He believes I just gave him a sedative, but it was only a placebo. He's had a rather difficult day. I believe you have your work cut out for you. [T'Pol's quarters]
Stable. However, they've suffered extensive disruptor burns. I'd like to start them on regeneration therapy, but the Imaging Chamber was damaged in the attack. I'll need a repair team as soon as possible. Crewman Fuller. I did everything I could. A few internal injuries. I'll need to keep him under observation. You might be interested to know that I recognise his species. He's Osaarian. Not originally. (Tucker opens the door, and Archer goes outside to walk and talk with him.) [Corridor] Commander. Second degree burn. Why don't you have a seat. When's the last time you slept? I'm surprised the neuro-pressure isn't helping. T'Pol told me your first treatment went well. Are you certain that's the reason? Vulcan neuro-pressure requires a certain degree of intimacy. I can understand that it might make you uncomfortable. They're not meant to be taken for extended periods. There is another treatment that might be helpful. Aldebaran mud leeches. Place one on your chest and one on your abdomen an hour before going to bed. Their secretions act as a natural sedative. Oh, please be careful to sleep on your back. If you roll over, you might anger them.
Definitely not. When T'Pol called to the ship, she said something was happening to them. It's possible she was speaking literally. Something on the planet may have transformed them, physiologically. From what we've seen of the Expanse, it's a possibility we have to consider. The laws of biochemistry on this world may be just as unpredictable as the laws of physics. I'd like a little more time to study these readings. Don't be offended. In his current condition, I doubt he'd recognise any of us. A mutagenic virus. His blood was swarming with them. It was apparently designed to re-write the DNA of its host, to transform any humanoid it infected into another species. Vulcan K-cells. They seem to neutralise the pathogen. I've been synthesising an anti-virus using T'Pol's genetic profile, but I'm going to need an active sample of her DNA to complete it. We need to get her back to the ship as soon as possible. Ingenious, but why didn't they programme the virus to stop replicating once their population was replenished? One of them has an immunity to the virus. If I could have access to some of your research, perhaps we could work together. If I don't complete the antivirus within the next two hours, it'll be too late. There won't be enough of their original genome left to resequence. Most likely. Whatever you do, Commander, do it quickly. I need that DNA sample. This is Captain Archer and Ensign Sato. They're the people you nearly incinerated on that planet. As you can see, they're responding quite well to the antivirus I synthesised. Run scans. See for yourself. Till your digestive tract is fully restored, you may want to avoid the Mess hall. You're welcome to some of the moth larvae I feed to my Pyrithian bat. This is the last of the mutagenic virus. I assume you want me to destroy it. Captain, you experienced first-hand what this pathogen can do. Considering the alternatives, that would be best. Captain.
Have you been using the ointment I gave you? The more you scratch, the longer it will take to heal. I understand you may have found a source of trellium-D? I hope he's correct. Crewman Cutler broke her arm when one of those spatial anomalies went through the Exo-biology lab. The sooner the ship is insulated against these phenomena the happier I will be. Of course. (Phlox holds out a jar of ointment. Archer applies it You were transformed into a different species. Don't expect to recover overnight. [Indoor Marketplace] (The planet they are orbiting is blue. Very blue - it's all ocean. Archer, Reed and Tucker make their way through a busy market.) I'm not familiar with her species, but she appears to be in perfect health. Of course. I can't even begin to speculate. She's suffered disruptions throughout her neocortex. If she were human, or Denobulan for that matter, she'd probably be dead. But Vulcan neurophysiology is a great deal more resilient than ours. I have to finish treating her injuries first. A few hours. (T'Pol slides into the Imaging Chamber.) Not this one. He was surgically enhanced, if you can call it an enhancement.
The damage is more severe than I expected. I'm not certain. T'Pol (tries to dodge the hypospray.) I don't imagine she would have. Despite your best efforts, you weren't able to synthesis it in any significant quantities. The crew of the Seleya, however, had the misfortune of wandering into an asteroid field filled with the compound. Trellium-D is a potent neurotoxin to the Vulcan nervous system. It disrupts the synaptic pathways that allow them to control emotions. Unfortunately the rate of decay is accelerating. [Seleya Engineering]  You got her out in time, Captain. Her synaptic pathways are mending nicely, but it will be a few days before she fully regains control of her emotions. They were beyond help. Their fate was sealed long before we arrived. (to Archer) Please don't be long. (leaves) Something tells me we haven't seen the last of the detective in the bow tie. Ah, did he? The autopsy was inconclusive. I wouldn't be surprised if the body belonged to the delivery man with the strange limp. You never did see him leave the house. Too tall. Even the primitive forensics of the mid-twentieth century would have determined that. It's all right. You're on Enterprise. You're safe. <Back to the episode listing   Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their respective holders.
What do you expect me to find? There's no evidence of any mind-altering substances on board. It appears to be. I suppose you believe you're dealing badly with stress. Well, that's a matter of opinion. On Denobula, when a person under stress hallucinates it's considered healthy. A harmless way for the subconscious to release nervous energy. I've always envied those who had that facility. I tend to keep too much bottled up inside. I'll take care of it after I get you settled. Be my guest. The Vulcan root-leaf's in that container. (She feeds something in an aquarium.) It makes perfect sense. Listening to your thoughts has been very pleasurable. I've been with you for several days. Studying your mind, your memories. Learning so many things about you. My telepathy only works in rare instances. It takes a unique mind to process it. Yours is the first I've found in many years.
I'm flattered you requested my assistance, Commander, but weaponry isn't exactly my area of expertise. They appear to be generating synaptic impulses. (Tucker takes one out with tongs.) Wouldn't make a very good pet but, definitely organic. (Another worm emerges to I've been running scans of the weapons organic component. It's neural pathways appear to help modulate the rifle's power output. It's the most sophisticated example of biomechanical engineering I've ever seen. Ah, yes. I've been attempting to break down this creature's immune system. However, it's proving to be quite resilient. I tried an array of viruses and pathogens, but it's immune to all of them. Then I began exposing it to various radioactive spectra. A sustained burst of delta radiation. (He holds up a jar of dead maggot.) In theory. Unfortunately, the amount of radiation required would be extremely hazardous to any humans in the area. And, Commander, I'd avoid exposing any of the Xindi technology to omicron radiation. It seems to thrive on it, as you can see. (He goes to another jar of huge maggots.) If I may? Commander Tucker and I have learnt all we can from examining the workings of the device. A practical test is the next logical step. Ready. (Forcefields on, Tucker pulls the trigger and nothing happens.) Perhaps it has a safety device. (There is a clicking sound.) It's coming from the weapon. Quick thinking, Commander.
 How do you feel? No. Captain, there are a few questions I have to ask you. I’m afraid I have to insist. When did you last speak to Commander Tucker? The anomaly in the corridor left something behind. We’ve never seen it before. This is a microcellular scan of your hippocampus. You’ve been infected by several clusters of parasites. They haven’t caused any tissue damage but they’re impairing certain synaptic functions. They’re preventing you from forming new long term memories. You can recall events that happened before the infection, but everything after fades within a few hours. Captain, you’ve been in Sickbay for the past three days. You last spoke to Commander Tucker about seven hours ago. He came to see you, right here. So far, they haven’t responded to any traditional therapies, but I’m synthesising an antigen that shows some promise. You can be assured I won’t stop working on this until I find a cure.  We’ve lost thirteen of the crew, twenty two injured, several critical. You didn’t tell him? After this settlement was established, it became clear that I was never going to find a treatment for your condition if I remained here, so I returned home and consulted with some of the finest neurosurgeons and quantum theorists on Denobula. My colleagues believed there was no way to destroy these parasites short of vaporising you in a subspace implosion. They assured me the technology to do what was required did not exist, and they were correct. It took almost a decade to develop, but now I’m ready to put it to the test. The procedure requires tremendous amounts of energy, levels that can only be produced in the reactor of a warp powered starship. A visit to Engineering may be in order first. [Engineering]  I’ll be using a highly focused antiproton beam to eradicate the parasites. We’ll start with this cluster today. This procedure’s never been attempted before. We should move cautiously. The emitters should be calibrated within the hour. [Archer's quarters] Increase to eight hundred millicochranes. (The engineer at the  Just as my simulations predicted. There’s no trace of the parasites I targeted. Well, I understand I may have a passenger on my voyage home. Have you told the Captain how you feel about him? It’s obvious you’ve become quite attached. It’s nothing to be ashamed of. Vulcan’s experience the same emotions as any other species. They’re simply better at hiding them. I can only imagine what it must have been like. Spending all those years in that house, learning so much about him, yet he remembers nothing about you beyond the day he became ill. If we’re successful, perhaps things will be different. What is it? [Brig] Your engineers won’t let us continue with the Captain’s treatment. This maybe the only solution to your problems, Captain. This image was taken a few minutes ago. You can see the region where I eradicated the first cluster of parasites. It’s gone in this image, as well. This scan was taken over twelve years ago. The cluster has disappeared from all the scans I’ve taken over the last twelve years. It's as if it never existed at all We know they’re from another spatial domain. Apparently, they also exist outside of time. If we can eliminate all of the parasites, it’s possible the Captain’s infection will never have occurred. We only have to divert power for a few hours. I am certain I can complete the procedure in that time.  I’m sorry, Captain. The chamber’s been damaged. You'll destroy the ship?  How do you feel? You suffered a mild concussion. I’d like to keep you overnight for observation.
I've removed the projectile, but her injuries were extensive. I believe so. There are a few things about her physiology I still don't understand. Aren't you familiar with this woman's ancestry? The cranial genes are recessive, which explains her human appearance. My guess is they came from her maternal grandmother. She's one quarter Skagaran. [Sheriff's Office]
His condition's unchanged. I'd like to show you something. This is one of the more interesting members of my little menagerie, a Lyssarrian Desert Larvae. It's epidermal layers secrete a viral suppressant that I use as a salve for cuts and bruises. The larvae have another, somewhat more controversial, property. When implanted with the DNA from another species it exactly replicates that species' life-cycle, albeit at a rapidly accelerated rate. Essentially, but one that is born, grows old and dies in approximately fifteen days. The Lyssarrians call them mimetic simbiots. They're a closely guarded secret. Very few people know of their existence. To harvest it's neural tissue for transplant. There's no guarantee that human DNA will stimulate the larvae's growth cycle, but as it stands now it may be Commander Tucker's only hope for survival. To ensure the tissue's compatibility, I'll have to wait until the simbiot reaches Commander Tucker's present physical age, then I can excise the tissue from a non-critical region of the simbiot's cerebral region. It would experience no discernable side effects and should be able to live out it's normal life span. I don't make this proposal lightly, Captain, but I'm obligated to provide you with all available options. [Ready room] It's rather sensitive to light at this stage. By tomorrow morning, if all goes well, we'll have a healthy baby boy on our hands.(Next day, a new-born is exercising his lungs in the traditional manner.) Perfect genetic duplicate, right down to the birthmark on his right side. And hungry. Excuse me. (Phlox hands her the bottle so he can pick the He's certainly come a long way in a short time. Why not right here? I can't think of a more stimulating environment for a developing young mind, and I'd be able to keep a close watch on his development. Now all I need to do is find him a name. The crew's been offering suggestions but nothing sounds right. Steven, Enrique, Dennis. Dennis? You see my dilemma? He's remembering things that happened to Trip when Trip was this age. There are some species that rely solely on genetic sequencing to pass on their cultural memories. Evidently, humans have a similar capacity. This could be an important discovery. He certainly possesses Commander Tucker's curiosity. This morning he took apart my medical tricorder. And he's beginning to ask questions. Where did I come from? Where's my mother and father? Why am I here? He's going to have to be told the truth, soon. (slightly out of breath) I'm sorry, Captain. I was in the middle of giving Porthos his physical. I only turned my back for a moment. Yes, indeed. He's in peak physical condition. Which is more than I can say for myself. Not at all. You won't feel a thing. There's been a development. Sim won't survive the transplant. That assessment was based on simbiots grown from Lyssarrian DNA. My tests on Sim show that human based simbiots are not as resilient. If I excise the quantity of neural tissue I need to save Commander Tucker, Sim will die. I'm sorry, Captain. [Deleted scene - Engineering] They were a group of Lyssarrian scientists who conducted illegal experiments on simbiots. They claimed to have developed an enzyme that stopped the rapid aging process. The enzyme is experimental, with very little empirical evidence to suggest that it works. That's why I didn't mention it. No need to apologise. You were a damn good son.
There'll be an extra helping of snow beetles for you tonight, young lady. (He puts the jar of blue liquid into the environmental system.) [Bridge] (As Yarrick inputs commands on a screen at the back,)
Their neural pathways are virtually identical. I'll need to perform a few tests, but I don't expect it will be a problem. They're relatively easy to implant. Thank you. Dermal art used to be very common on Denobula. Fortunately, my parents insisted I study it. I've also stimulated his hair follicles. Ah, but you're forgetting about the stress of imprisonment and torture. It could very well have an effect on hair pigmentation. (He fetches a jar from the counter.) Oh, yes. I've treated patients with Regulan bloodworms for years. There should be no side-effects aside from a thoroughly cleansed lymphatic system. Please try not to injure it. They're difficult to replace. I'm injecting them with trace amounts of the plasma. It won't be harmful.
Are you acquainted with Corporal Amanda Cole? She was in this morning with a mild headache. Says she's been experiencing it for a week now. Every test I ran came back negative. Frankly, I was mystified until she mentioned she was receiving Vulcan neuro-pressure from Commander Tucker. Well, I wanted to ask you. Neuro-pressure's a highly specialised discipline. Commander Tucker's only be receiving it for a couple of months. I thought it was possible that he might have misapplied one of it's techniques. Well, I've already spoken to Corporal Cole about using caution, but I was wondering if you might have a word with Commander Tucker. Perhaps during your next session with him? Everything all right? Oh, there is one other thing. If you find time, perhaps you could schedule a neuro-pressure session with Corporal Cole. Maybe undo some of Commander Tucker's work. [Corridor] He's suffering from a form of rapid cellular degeneration. I don't know yet. I've managed to revive him, but he's in a fair amount of pain. We were trying to save your life. He may be going into shock. [Command centre] I don't even know if I can revive him. Captain, this man is dying a painful death. To keep him conscious is unethical. Very well, I'll do what I can. His pain medication's wearing off. Captain. They're from a different world than I am. Mine is called Denobula, my shipmates are from Earth. I'm doing everything I can. Try to rest. (Phlox goes over to a monitor and the alien grabs him, his arm passing through Phlox's throat and knocking him out. The alien goes for a walk through the walls.) [Cargo bay] (Reed is shadow-fighting in front of a large mirror as Hayes enters.)
T'Pol! Here. (He does it himself and the shaking stops.)
A mild neurotoxin. Likely part of an autonomic defence system. The egg probably considered you a threat. An analgesic should take care of the irritation. Understood. Ah, Captain. I've learnt quite a bit about this fascinating fellow. Perhaps fellow is the wrong word. Their species is genderless. They reproduce asexually. Each adult appears capable of producing multiple egg sacs. I wouldn't be surprised if every insectoid vessel had it's own hatchery. I'd estimate their lifespan is no more than twelve Earth years. This individual may be one of the elder members of the crew. It was nearly ten years old. Without knowing more about their incubation cycle it's impossible to say, but probably no more than a week at most. Captain, if you don't mind my saying, you look as if you could use some rest. Surely a few hours sleep wouldn't Captain, you haven't eaten or slept in almost two days. You've shown signs of obsessional behaviour and paranoia. Captain, if you won't come with me then I'll be required under Starfleet order 104 section C to relieve you of command. His neurochemistry appears normal. This scan is hardly conclusive. I'll need to get him into the imaging chamber and run a complete neurological series. What are you proposing, Commander? Perhaps we should approach the Major and explain the situation. He seems like a reasonable man. In his quarters, resting. Do you recall when the Captain was attacked by one of the eggs? I thought it was a defence reflex, but it was actually something far more sophisticated. The substance contained a unique neurochemical. It infiltrated the Captain's synaptic pathways, causing him to reverse imprint on the baby insectoids. It's the opposite of what happens when a young animal bonds with its mother. Well, more likely a caretaker. Of course, the Captain didn't realise this on a conscious level. Eventually he became obsessed with protecting the eggs to the exclusion of everything else. He'll be awake in a few hours. He should be fully recovered by then.
Nonsense. What's one more mouth to feed? I doubt that would be necessary. Certainly. [Bridge]
Fourteen. Three are unaccounted for. It's good to see you again, Captain. (goes to tend to others on biobeds) It's a simple matter of repairs. Well, perhaps not that simple. Somehow, I don't think it's the damage to Enterprise that's troubling you. Nearly forty years. Twice. Why? Probably not. May I ask what you're planning to do? I'll be ready. [Armoury] Yes, this will just take a moment. (T'Pol grabs his arm.) PHLOX: What is it? (After examining her.) There's a good deal of residual trellium in your bloodstream. How long have you been doing this? I need to know precisely what has been happening. As I recall, you were homicidal and paranoid. You must have known it was dangerous. Trellium exposure is deadly to Vulcans. It eats away at the neural pathways. Commander Tucker, for example. When did you realise you were becoming addicted? You're not experiencing them now. This will help stabilise your synaptic pathways, but the withdrawal symptoms will return in a few days. It's going to take time. It won't be easy. You should remain here for observation. I expect you to report back here at the first sign of trouble. This is between you and your doctor. [Bridge] Perhaps you just needed some company. How do you feel? It's not surprising that there are residual effects. They're probably temporary. Then you'll learn to cope with them. Afraid? You sought these emotions. Don't expect them to vanish overnight. Patience. [Engineering]
On my way, Commander.
That's correct. They came from his father. According to Lorian, I discovered, or rather I will discover, a method of successfully combining human and Vulcan genomes. Commander Tucker. Captain's starlog, supplemental. I've decided to proceed with Lorian's plan to modify our warp engines. Both ships have moved a safe distance from the nebula to avoid conflict with the Kovaalans. [Engineering] Captain. (he's putting together a box of supplies) Their Sickbay is in poor shape, and they're short on critical medical supplies. So, with your permission? I can't believe this. My Rigellian parrot is still alive. I knew they had long lifespans, but Oh, yes. Eight members of their crew are suffering from low-grade Nubilian fever. I'd like to vaccinate everyone on both ships. Their physician, and I use that term generously, is very inexperienced. And I'd like some time to give him a refresher course in viral propagation. It's remarkable, isn't it? Discovering an extended family that you never knew existed. Did you know that I have nearly thirty living descendants on that ship? I look forward to introducing them to my wives on Denobula. From what I've gathered, your great grand-daughter would be more at home on the bridge of a starship. Perhaps Starfleet will consider allowing children on board starships one day. Admiral Forrest did let you bring Porthos.
For any of us. Meditation isn't helping? There isn't anyone on the ship who hasn't been affected by recent events. What can I do for you? Have a seat. He believes he can get the Xindi to reconsider their attack on Earth. We owe him a little faith. Degra seems to be a reasonable man. I'll have it sent over immediately. I've never heard of this procedure. The transport pod that carried this alien? There are some modifications that need to be made to it. Certainly. [Corridor] You make that sound like bad news. Now we are making peace with them. You have other friends. Ah, I was hoping someone might notice. Well, I'm pleased to see that my efforts are yielding results. A Denaxian tape-worm. [Mess hall] It's perfectly harmless. I hardly notice it at all. I insert a standard V probe into my Well, it's a simple procedure.
Her biosigns are stable. Cardio-stimulator. Step away, please. (He applies the paddles to Hayes' chest.) Increase by point two joules. (But it's no good. The gallant Major has gone.) [Situation room] Stable. The Xindi parasites were no match for my osmotic eel. She's undergone a severe neural trauma. It should be safe to revive her in two hours. No less. She's in no condition to be moved! You could kill her. She'll need another cortical treatment. At least let me come with you. He's not a doctor.
If the ship were to enter that disturbance, the entire crew would be dead within minutes. I could synthesise a neuraleptic compound that would keep us conscious for approximately twelve minutes. I'm afraid there's nothing I can do to prevent epidermal decay. Perhaps I can extend it, but not by much. I encourage you and Mister Tucker to encourage alternatives. There must be something you can do to abbreviate your plan. [Degra's ship - Hoshi's room] Oh no, don't be silly. I was simply dictating a letter to my colleague, Doctor Lucas. He offered to make sure my affairs were in order in the event that, er, well, you know. Hope for the best, prepare for the worst. I don't know about Vulcans, but Denobulans take great pleasure in bequeathing their belongings to far-flung relatives. (at Reed's station) I've enhanced the neuraleptic compound as much as I can. I strongly advise we remain in the disturbance no longer than fifteen minutes. Fifteen minutes and counting. Thirteen minutes left. It was expected. Try not to scratch it. Eleven minutes remaining. [Reptilian Bridge] Less than ten minutes to go. (three Sphere Builders appear in Engineering. They knock out the crew with energy balls and start sticking their hands into machinery to disrupt systems) There are nine alien lifesigns aboard. They appear to be transdimensional beings. This disturbance we're in, it's obviously been altered enough to sustain them. [Reptilian Bridge] We can't afford three or four minutes. Corporal Kelly, listen to me very closely. Modulate your weapons to a rotating frequency of thirty two point six teracycles. Our transdimensional friend, the one we found in the pod, I had quite a few hours to study his physiology. Let's hope my memory serves me well. [Shran's Bridge] It's time for you to work your magic, Mister Tucker. Within five minutes, everyone on this ship is going to start dying. Ignore it Commander. You've got less than two minutes. [Weapon Control platform] T'Pol. T'Pol! You don't have a minute, Commander! That's it, times up. Without the Spheres, their transformed space must be collapsing in on itself. [Weapon Control platform] I think they sense that we're travelling in an unusual manner. In the belly of the beast, so to speak. I don't have the slightest idea. I doubt I'll get much peace and quiet around here until we're flying under our own power. Is there something I can do for you? Oh, you're doing fine. Vulcan's are obviously more sensitive to the effects of mysterious realms. Excuse me? Only time. How's morale? I suppose we'll all need time to heal. After a while. He's lost his best friend, but it's just a matter of time. He'll be fine again.
It's chicken liver, your favourite. With grated cheddar. No, I can't say I blame you. I don't have much of an appetite myself. Perhaps a Denobulan lullaby will improve your mood? On the other hand, my singing would often drive my children to tears. Maybe what you need is a nice, thick steak. I'll see what Chef has on the menu. Be right back. (But as he gets up to go, the Sickbay doors open to reveal - Daniels! but looking very unwell indeed. He collapses into Phlox's arms,) [Apartment] (Archer is lying unconscious on a sofa, having his injuries tended to by a lovely black woman. Then he wakes with a start.) Portions of Daniels' body have aged at a dramatic rate. In some areas, the tissue is over a hundred years old. Yet, other sections have been reduced to an almost foetal stage. It's not any kind of infectious organism, at least, nothing that shows up on my medical scanner. Frankly, with his amount of cellular chaos, I'm surprised he's still alive. I doubt he'll live more than 24 hours. He's conscious, but I don't know for how long. Captain Archer is dead. He was on the Xindi weapon when it exploded. Are you responsible for sending us back in time? (Daniels nods feebly) Why? It's nice to see you again, Captain. It was a pleasure, as always. He doesn't have much time.
A few cuts and bruises. Captain. (He shows Archer a PADD.)
Lieutenant. If you wouldn't mind. (Reed takes some off him.) Thank you. Why leave the comforts of home, when you can take it all with you? What do you mean? Attacked? Why? Well, I'm not going to let a few isolated incidents disrupt my vacation plans. I lived on Earth for many years before coming aboard Enterprise. I appreciate your concern, but I'll be fine. Would you? (Reed opens the airlock for him.) Thank you. [By a tranquil lake] (Archer is checking a length of rope.) Delicious, thank you. You may be thinking of Vulcans. I'm quite comfortable. : Well, perhaps we should be on our way? Gentlemen, please! (The man is about to hit Phlox, when the Denobulan hold his breath and his face enlarges, with a frill around it. The combatants stare, amazed, then they run for it.) Your parasite count is almost negligible. This should dispose of the rest of them. Hmm? My osmotic eel is under the weather. I should stay aboard until she's feeling better. I'm sure you and Ensign Mayweather will enjoy it. Oh, you must mean the, er ((holding breath gesture). Nothing more than an instinctive defensive response. My presence could provoke another incident. Someone could get hurt. I can't blame those men for the way they reacted. Earth has survived a horrific attack. It will take time for the trauma to heal. Besides, I have friends to keep me company. Now, if it's not too much trouble?
It must've been difficult for you to leave them behind. This is extremely sophisticated work for twentieth century Earth. Really? What kind of modifications? I think it already has. On the contrary, we've used genetic engineering on Denobula for over two centuries, to generally positive effect. You tried to redesign your species. The first time that was attempted on Earth, the result was thirty million deaths. It's your responsibility as a scientist to learn from past mistakes. I can read. [Bridge] (Enterprise shakes from an impact.) We're almost there. Try to hold still.
He's dehydrated, suffering from slight malnutrition, but otherwise, he's in good condition. He isn't an Augment. He's an anomaly. His DNA is similar to the others, but not identical. He was born with none of their enhanced abilities. (He pulls the curtain aside and goes in to see the young man.) He's doing fine. Ready to be discharged. In his last correspondence, he mentioned he was being transferred. He didn't say where. I appreciate it. Captain, I spent a few months at C-12 myself. I know the security protocols, I'm familiar with the technology. I'd like to be included in the landing party. Thank you. I'm approaching a new sleep cycle. Not for another few weeks, but I would like to increase my body mass by at least ten percent. To tell you the truth, I'm not very hungry. We've been friends a very long time. You might be interested to know Smike's become quite the student of Earth history. He's been reading up on the Eugenics Wars. I'm quite familiar with the subject myself. Human intellect and human instinct were out of sync. So many people were killed. I can understand why Earth banned genetic engineering. It's a degenerative brain disorder that afflicts humans. I'm sorry. And you were thinking if genetic engineering had been permitted I've had time to examine his work more closely. I'm forced to admit some of it is extremely inventive. He's really quite brilliant. It's a shame such a man has to remain incarcerated. Perhaps we were simply fortunate. Life support runs through this relay. Half an hour. They should start feeling the effects within ten, fifteen minutes. Even an Augment needs oxygen. [Station Control Hub] That should do it. Jeremy. Don't move.
Containment breach in forty seconds. Twenty seconds.
Certainly. This is a most enjoyable sport. Reminiscent of Octran fertility contests. (T'Pol enters.) Except we're fully clothed, which is probably for the best. Captain's starlog, supplemental. Enterprise has arrived at Vulcan as ordered. Three days after the bombing of Earth's embassy, the death toll stands at forty three, and I have lost my friend, Admiral Forrest. Vulcan authorities still have no lead on who's responsible. [Corridor] According to the Vulcan Genome Registry, the DNA on the bomb's controls was left by this woman. T'Pau. (The image of a young woman is on his overhead monitor.) The Captain asked me to re-examine the DNA from the bomb to see if anyone else might have handled it. In these chromosomal fragments. Here, and here. These are telomeres. A genetic clock, if you will. Each time a cell divides, they grow shorter. Though T'Pau's current age is thirty two standard years, her DNA recovered from the bomb has an age of only a few months. Precisely. The evidence implicating T'Pau is false. Undoubtedly another fabrication. Corporal Askwith? He's in a coma. His cranial injuries are substantial. I don't expect him to recover. There's only so much damage a human body can withstand. Most Vulcans see melding as deviant behaviour. I can. One that cost forty three innocent lives. I'm afraid he's in no condition to be questioned. He's in a coma.
The DNA on the bomb's controls was left by this woman, T'Pau.
He should be fine in another day or so.
I'm reading massive cellular deterioration. He's losing cohesion. If he materialises, he'll die in seconds. I'm losing his vital signs. There's nothing you can do for him. Your neurolytic enzymes are at the same level they were a week ago. No sign of Pa'Nar Syndrome. You were diagnosed with an incurable disease. Now it's gone. It's a big adjustment. From what I've been reading, similar diagnoses are taking place all over Vulcan. People with Pa'Nar are coming forward. It's no longer a stigma. It's clearly had an impact on you. You seem more certain of yourself. You're re-examining your core beliefs. Something most people never do. [Engineering]
Not until we know what we're dealing with. Three other landing parties returned from the surface with no ill effects. Here's the medkits. (He puts them through the decon chamber wall but as Hoshi comes to get them, she starts coughing.) Are you feeling any other symptoms? (She dashes into the bathroom and throws up.) I'll prepare anti-nausea medication. You get me those blood samples as soon as you can. (Phlox and Archer head off down the corridor.) Whatever's afflicting them, it's not showing up on the standard scans. It's not. [Corridor] Lieutenant Reed. Something I can do for you? Of course. Just a moment. (Reed looking at the monitor displays.) That's correct. (Phlox scans Reed.) I'm not detecting any vascular involvement. (Reed looks quizzical.) Your headache. Not a bad one, I take it? Mild analgesic it is. (Phlox gives him the shot.) So am I. Lieutenant, I believe I can put your mind at ease. If your colleagues have returned with a contagious illness, there is no way it can spread to the rest of the ship. We are all quite safe. (Phlox opens the Sickbay doors and gestures for him to leave.) Out, out, out! I have a lot to do as well. [Decon chamber] (Hoshi has wrapped a blanket around herself.) The closest classification it matches is a virus. Highly contagious. Silicon-based. I can only surmise the virus was brought here. Perhaps by a meteorite, which could explain why only one of our landing parties encountered it. There's no record of anything like it in the Denobulan database. I'll do all I can, Captain, but at the rate the pathogen is reproducing, Commander Tucker and Ensign Sato have less than five hours to live. [Mess hall] We didn't want to interrupt you. We thought we'd see how you two were progressing. We were more interested in discussing your state of mind. Commander. Ensign. (The pair walk off.) They're very brave, the way they're facing death. You want the humans to fail. Perhaps we should consider other qualities in making our decision. Then whose responsibility is it? [Situation room] Those are the new test results my host is waiting for. The Helmsman and the Armoury Officer are back on the Bridge. (We see Reed and Travis sit up slightly and exchange knowing looks on the Bridge.) The altered immune receptors weren't effective. At levels that would be fatal to humans, but it's a start. Commander, I want you to set your hypospray for three units of sonambutril. Commander, the virus is incompatible with carbon-based life. It's attacking your bodies in ways I can't predict. Not if you're sedated. Commander. [Decon chamber] T'Pol and I have isolated a specific frequency of radiation that disrupts the silicon matrix of the virus. Unfortunately, the dosage required would be lethal. That's what I'm working on. You can't be awake. (He checks the biosigns.) Not with that much sonambutril. (He turns on the audio.) Extraordinary. [Decon chamber] Captain, T'Pol. I was just coming to see you. These are brainwave readings of Commander Tucker and Ensign Sato. The patterns aren't human. I see. Are you responsible for what happened to my patients? Commander Tucker and Ensign Sato were sedated. They shouldn't have been able to stand and talk. Is there anything you can do to help my patients? You're interfering with me! I have no recollection of that. You're going to adjust mine again? So I won't remember a word of this encounter. If you have that ability, you must be able to help my patients. No wonder you erase memories. Your behaviour is appalling. [Corridor] For the radiation to destroy the virus without killing the patient, it must be precisely focused. The emitters in the Decon Chamber aren't suitable, but the bio-scanner in Sickbay is. Ensign Sato's condition is deteriorating. We need to hurry. (They go through two doors, observed by Reed and Travis on a monitor.) She's going into oligemic shock. Captain, she's dying. (Archer carries Hoshi to Sickbay while Phlox helps Trip) [Sickbay] Get her on the bioscan bed. This equipment's not designed for EV gloves. No, Captain, no! Attach the leads twenty centimetres apart. (Archer wires up Hoshi.) [Outside the quarantine area] You need to inject [Sickbay] Forty units of trinephedrine into her heart. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That can't go deep enough. (Archer gets a long-needled hypodermic.) Old-fashioned, but effective. Angle it slightly more to the right. Now, in one quick motion, insert it three centimetres. (Archer does so.) Press the activator. Clear. (Phlox jolts her with electricity, but there's no response.) Three hundred millijoules. Captain. Three hundred and forty. She's gone. Captain, help me with Commander Tucker. [Outside the quarantine area] (They watch Archer take Hoshi off the biobed.) We need to move him into the scanner. (They do so, then take him out again shortly afterwards.) It didn't work. I'm sorry, Captain. There's nothing more I can do for Commander Tucker, but you've still got a few hours. There has to be something else I can try. I won't give up. Captain, Hoshi's You're all completely free of the virus. It has to have been a delayed reaction to Commander Tucker's radiation treatment, but how it spilled over to you and Hoshi, I have no explanation.
This would be easier if you'd take a few steps back.
I'm sorry. She needs to rest. I did everything I could. Andorian metabolism is higher than humans'. Keep moving, you'll exhaust him. You'll begin to compensate within a day or two. If left untreated. With electrical stimulation and brisk cranial massage, you'll be back to normal in half that time.
I've analyzed it. The individual is highly telepathic. Not to this extent. There's no exact match in my database. However, the nearest genome is Andorian. [Control area] There's not as much data on the neural interface as I'd like. I can connect someone to the unit, but it'll be dangerous. If the interface malfunctions, there could be severe neurolytic shock, possibly resulting in brain damage. Diagnostics will only tell us so much, I'm afraid. A day. How do you feel? So far, so good. Her synaptic response is erratic. It's getting worse, Commander. You're all right. You know the risks. So does Commander T'Pol. Commander, she's doing her job. Take my advice. Don't interfere. Not everyone. It's not your fault. As far as I know, there are no species in the galaxy that have mastered the art of mixing romance and vocation. You were having trouble sleeping. This is the one ailment that is universally untreatable. You'll have to suffer through it. [Andoria, ice tunnels] (There's a familiar lot of holes in the ceiling and floor.) Synaptic trouble. She's quite insistent. (The second Drone reveals its true appearance.) Cortical fluctuation. It could trigger a seizure. Disconnect her. Now!
There never used to be a wait to get in. There are a lot of Starfleet people here. A few? They asked if I was interested in becoming Director of Xenobiology. I'm considering it. The truth is, I've grown rather fond of my shipmates. I'm not certain I'm ready to leave them just yet. What would you suggest? What do you want? (memory) There never used to be a wait to get in. They asked if I was interested in becoming Director of Xenobiology. Truth is, I've grown rather fond of my shipmates just yet. What would you suggest? (The attackers come out of the bushes.) What do you want? I will do nothing of the kind. I'm certain there are easier ways for you to recruit a new lab assistant. I beg your pardon? I don't recall meeting a Klingon at that conference. What do you want with me? Why didn't you simply ask for our help? Starfleet and Denobula would've provided you with all of the specialists you'd need. Why me? What field of study are you in, precisely? Unless I'm mistaken, this virus is a mutated form of the Levodian flu. We should contact the IME. They may have seen this mutation before. I'm certain they'll be willing to share their database with us. I know of a few indirect channels. No one would have to know. You stole it. That doesn't sound very honourable. Perhaps you should ask your superiors to steal a genome sequencer? We're not going to be able to map the virus without the proper technology. (K'Vagh and two soldiers bring in the prisoner from the Cantina, now with an nearly flat forehead.) This man's been infected. We're being exposed. When I asked you to bring me a subject for dissection, I assumed he'd already be dead. (stopping Antaak) What do you think you're doing? Out of the question. I thought you were committed to saving lives. That choice is not ours to make. (K'Vagh shoots the prisoner himself.) There is something familiar about these base-pair sequences. Do you think it's wise to keep wild animals in here? I don't let them roam free. I have seen these sequences before. Six months ago, to be precise. This is Augment DNA. How did modified human genes find their way into this virus? Earth banned genetic engineering decades ago. The Augments who attacked you were relics of another era. You were trying to create Klingon Augments. But Soong's experiments were all killed. Where did you get the genetic material? Their cranial ridges started to dissolve. Augment DNA was more aggressive than you realised. It became airborne. You should have told me this earlier! I can't sequence these nucleotides any faster. Perhaps you should've abducted Doctor Soong. He could've mapped this genome more efficiently than I can. They're massacring the victims? General, we're making progress, but I'll need a few weeks to develop an antiviral agent. It will have to be tested. I can't cure this in five days! You don't seriously expect me to help you create Klingon Augments?! I won't assist you. (K'Vagh draws his disrupter from its holster.) Kill me if you must. I refuse to co-operate.
What do you want with me?.  Then end it. Contact Starfleet. You want me to create Klingon Augments. Living weapons. I won't do it. Yes. Yes. That would stop the genetic effects of the virus in stage one. There'd be changes of appearance, some minor neural reordering, but no development of stage two characteristics. No enhanced strength or speed or endurance. But then General K'Vagh would not get his Augments. He would never allow it. Do you understand what will happen if the General learns that we've deceived him? There is no, uh, House of Phlox. Denobulan family units are different from Klingons. Wondrously so. What about the House of Antaak? As a physician in the Imperial Fleet, you've served in the military. I've identified the RNA sequences that code I know where to look for the switch that will turn off the virus. An hour. We're getting the test results now. General, I know the Klingon fleet is on its way, and I understand what this project cost you, personally. Antaak told me about your son. At least he was spared the final stage of this disease. May I ask how he was infected? One of these four strains has the genetic trigger that can neutralise the virus before it advances to its lethal stage. I don't know yet. That's why I have to check each of them. A week. Your fleet can quarantine this world while I complete my tests. Sterilisation is not necessary. The only possible way to get results on Krell's schedule is to infect four healthy Klingons! Only one of these strains will work. The other three will be lethal. Ethically, it's unthinkable. Why did you think you'd succeed in perfecting Augments when Doctor Soong failed? The Earth once had thousands. They became tyrannical and started a war. Augments don't. Their increased aggression is matched by their decreased inhibitions. You'd lose control of them, just as humans did. (Phlox injects K'Vagh.) An hour, at most. I don't believe so. (K'Vagh produces a flask from an inside pocket.) Never on the job. [Sickbay] (Marab is on a biobed, coughing.) They're quite ill. So are you. Try to rest. That accounts for two of the three lethal strains. If we work quickly, there's a chance we can treat you in time. [Krell's warship] (The Fleet Admiral is eating live gagh when his monitor beeps.) Load the amino acids. I'll extract the viral DNA from his blood. (The door opens, and an armed man in a Starfleet uniform enters.) Captain. Better now that you are here. Gentlemen, please. I think I can speak for myself. Captain. I need a little more time to cure this plague. I lied. Your son may be alive, but he will not survive much longer unless I don't complete my work. A few hours, Captain, that's all I ask. Several million patients are counting on it. [Bridge] Hello, Admiral Krell. This is Doctor Phlox. I am transmitting the details of an antivirus. Feel free to have your physicians confirm my findings, and you're welcome to call with any questions. As I said, in another few hours. I could finish the antivirus in less time if I had a human host to replicate enough antibodies. Captain, I would have to expose you to the plague. I cannot predict what it might do to you. Unquestionably. In addition to the virus, I'm injecting you with a metabolic catalyst to accelerate your immune response. It won't be pleasant. [Bridge] Doctor Phlox here. The Captain is indisposed at the moment. [Bridge] I imagine you have your hands full up there. We have a plan to defuse this situation, but we'll need a few more minutes to carry it out. I'd appreciate it if you could keep the ceiling from caving in on us until then. It's working. (Archer starts to grow forehead ridges) [Bridge] It's done! Hold him! (He takes blood from Archer.) We've got it. Is the canister ready? Send it. Open a channel to Krell. (Antaak beams the canister away.) [Bridge] Admiral Krell. Doctor Phlox again. By now you may have noticed the [Klingon Bridge] That the atmosphere contains approximately twenty parts per million of the viral strain. Or if you don't trust your sensors, trust your senses. You will feel the initial symptoms in about thirty minutes. A tightness in the chest, irregular heartbeat [Klingon Bridge] Maybe so. But I'm prepared to give you the cure. Thanks to Captain Archer, I've managed to complete the antivirus. Of course, if you destroy this colony, well, treating you and your crew could prove difficult. I suggest you power down your weapons, Admiral, and let me cure your people. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Admiral Krell has convinced the High Council to call off their sterilisation programme. They've promised to distribute Phlox's cure throughout the Empire. [Sickbay] There's no trace of the virus in your bloodstream. (Antaak touches his smooth forehead.) In the future, it may be possible to reverse the cosmetic effects. You did your best to correct your mistakes. That's all we can ask of ourselves. I have a feeling that's about to become very popular. (T'Pol and Captain Hernandez enter, and go to Archer's biobed.) The cravings should disappear in a day or so, along with your ridges.
That depends on what's causing it. How long have you been experiencing this? Ensign Keeley was here with a headache several minutes ago. Perfectly, just as you are. There's been plenty of that going around. The Orion females? Why should they give you a headache? Just a little healthy sexual energy. Helps keep the blood pumping. I'm surprised at you, Ensign. You never struck me as being prone to jealousy. This should do very nicely. (Then he falls to the floor.) It's all right. Well, I must be nearing a sleep cycle. You're right, I did. A week ago. [Engineering] (Tucker is supervising work on the top of the engine.) Captain, his adrenaline levels are dangerously high. I need to administer a sedative. In his current state, he can't give you coherent answers. (injecting him) Be quiet! It's the same thing that's affecting everyone on this ship. It's a highly potent pheromone. When exposed to human males, it accelerates the metabolism, causing aggression and ultimately a form of delusion. Women aboard the ship have also been affected. I've received an increasing number of complaints about headaches and listlessness. I suspect the pheromone acts as a defence mechanism against competition. It's impacted my sleep cycle. I'm having to rely on stimulants to stay awake. I've scanned a good number of the crew. So far, the only people who haven't been affected are T'Pol and Commander Tucker. I would have to run some more tests, but for the rest of us the effect seems to be cumulative. The longer we're exposed, the more pronounced the results are. [Decon Chamber] The dizziness should fade in a couple of hours. The after effects will be around for at least a few days.
It can stimulate the pain centre of virtually any humanoid. A synaptic scan calibrates it for each species. These sensors continually shift the stimulation from one nerve cluster to another, keeping the subject in a constant state of agony. It may take a moment. Tholians have rather extreme life support requirements. Increasing temperature to four hundred and eighty Kelvin. (Noises come over the Decon intercom.) If you're angry now, just wait. [Outside Decon] How is it would be more accurate. Tholians possess both male and female characteristics. Its biosigns, such as they are, appear to be stable. A minor adjustment to life support should make it more co-operative. Decreasing temperature fifty degrees. Its exoskeleton is beginning to fracture. Yes, Captain. [Engineering] (Thick cables lead from the warp drive to the cloaking device.) Ten hours in the Booth. Impressive. Nap time isn't over yet. (But this time he can't stop the signal.) [Bridge] The sedative is no longer working. With pleasure. [Bridge] A few more seconds, Captain. Will you kindly die? (The six legged Tholian finally explodes.) Phlox to Bridge. [Bridge]
I found traces of reptilian saliva in the Ensign's wounds. The bite radius would suggest a particularly large reptile, more than two metres in length. Unless one of them owned a velociraptor, I find it extremely unlikely. At this point, he could go either way. No doubt there'll be several discreet celebrations if he should expire. I was merely researching classical literature. I wanted to compare our major works with their counterparts in the other universe. I skimmed a few of the more celebrated narratives. The stories were similar in some respects, but their characters were weak and compassionate. With the exception of Shakespeare, of course. From what I could tell, his plays were equally grim in both universes. I find it dangerous. If I were the Captain, I'd restrict access to that database. I'm certain he wouldn't want to give his crew any ideas. This is Phlox. Acknowledged. [ISS Avenger - Corridor] (Phlox meets Soval and T'Pol.) Neither of you appears to be injured. [ISS Avenger - Shuttlebay] PHLOX; Sabotage the Defiant? Have you lost your senses? It's not a delusion if the Captain has the power to do what he says. And from what I've seen, he most certainly does. I should report you both. Of course I am! The Captain has proven himself in battle. Perhaps he should rule the Empire. Females? If the Emperor were my patient, I'd be obligated to save his life. I suppose what you're suggesting isn't that different. [ISS Avenger - Corridor] (T'Pol calls for a turbolift, the door opens and she is confronted by Hoshi and a MACO pointing guns at her.) These interruptions aren't helping. The inside of this panel [ISS Avenger - Bridge] I've removed the module. [ISS Avenger - Bridge]
I thought it was a fine speech. She's going into shock. Get me a med kit! [Sickbay] I just received word from Starfleet Medical. The wound was too severe. She didn't survive. They didn't say. Do we know who she was? I have a very good idea. (He goes to the main monitor.) PHLOX: It was from a child no more than six months old. I used every DNA identification protocol I'm aware of. I even used a Klingon procedure. It contains Vulcan and human DNA. I had the computer search for any matches in the Starfleet databank. When I got the results, I ran the search three more times just to be certain. According to every analysis, this child is the offspring of Commander Tucker and Commander T'Pol. [T'Pol's quarters] (T'Pol is trying to meditate when the doorbell chimes.) Certainly. It's a girl. Vulcan and human physiology are not all that dissimilar. From the evidence I have, there's no reason to believe she's anything but perfectly healthy. You'll also be interested to know she has your eyes, and T'Pol's ears. I'm in something of a quandary about it myself. Especially since T'Pol's never been pregnant. And she had the embryo removed, also without your knowledge? I believe you know the answer to that theory, Commander. We'll get to the bottom of this soon enough. Until then, I suggest you keep any such theories to yourself. It seems he got his wish. That may be exactly what happened. Her blood had elevated levels of growth hormone. I ran some more tests and found traces of myofibrilin. It is still given to workers in remote places where artificial gravity isn't practical.
Would you like me to give you something? Here's a bag. [Orpheus Mining Facility] Two hundred and forty eight. It appears my initial prognosis was incorrect. It's genetic. Her Vulcan and human DNA aren't compatible. I'm attempting to stabilise her nucleotides, but there's never been a child like her. I wish I could do more. When you invited me to join this crew, I thought it would be an interesting diversion for a few months. Some time away from the complications of family, which on Denobula can be extremely complicated. I didn't expect to gain another family. (close to tears) It hurts as if she were my own child. Make something good come from this, Captain. [Starfleet Command] (Everyone is back around the table, and the Enterprise senior staff are standing at the end.)
