Take me with you, please. I'm called Rajiin. I'm very grateful for what you've done, Captain. I'll serve you well, I promise. I don't know. I'm told it's called Oran'taku, but I don't remember it. I've had many owners. Captain? Thank you. [Chemist's shop] (Tucker opens a case containing ten glass vials.) Much better than I'm used to. The last ship I was on, I never left the cargo hold. Except for a few visits to the Captain's quarters. Your crew won't mind? Are they all from Earth? Doctor Phlox mentioned you were on an important mission. Very little. The two I saw looked reptilian, and they weren't very pleasant. At the time, I was just relieved they weren't interested in me. Why are you looking for them? Good evening, Captain. I'm sorry to disturb you. I hoped you might have time to talk. I was taken away when I was very young. I don't remember much about it, and I doubt anyone there would remember me. I'm very grateful for what you've done, Captain. I want to repay you for your kindness. (She moves very close.) I know. There's a reason I was taken from my home. I have certain gifts. Would you like me to show you? It's all right. (She runs her hands over his head and torso. There's a strange glow and we can see his muscle and bone structure. (goes to leave) Well, I just wanted to say thank you again. Good night. The Captain said it was all right if I left my quarters. I'm Rajiin. (holding Hoshi's hand) It's a pleasure to meet you. I was looking for the mess hall. What's your job here? I see. Actually, I speak quite a few. [T'Pol's quarters] (T'Pol is kneeling down, lighting a candle.) You must be T'Pol. I didn't mean to startle you. My name's Rajiin. Your door was unlocked. I was hoping we'd have a chance to talk. I didn't think you'd mind. You're Vulcan, on a ship filled with humans. Why? Don't resist. You have a disciplined mind. You're in such control of your emotions. Try to let go. Better. (Rajiin runs her hands over T'Pol's torso and once again we see muscle and bones.) Let go. (The door bell chimes. It's Tucker, and eventually T'Pol is able to break away so Rajiin attacks her.) (into communicator) I need assistance. I have what you want. I can use their transporter device but you'll need to be within ten thousand kilometres. Is there something wrong? There's no need to bother the Captain. (She gets in close and personal.) So do I. (She mesmerises him and gets his weapon, using it to fire at Reed. She goes through Engineering, shooting crewmen, falling gently to land on her back and get up again straight away.) [Transporter alcove] Are you in range? Respond. I'm sorry. I can't answer it. She shouldn't have resisted. I told you. My name is Rajiin. The only thing I can tell you is that you're in danger. If I say anything else, they'll kill me. It's true that I deceived you, but that didn't make your decision to help me any less admirable. I don't want to see you harmed, Captain. The best thing for you to do is let me go. I had no choice. [Bridge] (The two ships are firing at the nacelles.) They won't harm anyone if you let me go. They wanted information. About you. They're building a weapon. This is different. A bio-weapon. They need data about your species before they can begin. I don't know. I don't know. They didn't tell me anything else. There's more to these humans than you can learn from a set of biometric scans.
