You're being naive. Their planet is fifty light years away. It is not a coincidence. How many humans are aboard? You will accomplish nothing if all you do is run tests. They scanned the debris and left nearly three hours ago. Toward the Orassin distortion fields.
When can we get underway? Patience is for the dead. It's too early to speak of accomplishments. I'll reserve my gratitude for when the humans have been annihilated. [Situation room] I want four ships to accompany the weapon. Even after Earth is destroyed, there will be residual presence in the system. I intend to hunt down and eradicate every refugee caravan, every colony, every last outpost they have. See that we don't. (The comm. system beeps.) Go ahead. How long ago? Send a patrol. We will resume this when I return. (leaves) Answer the question. How many Earth vessels have entered the Expanse? Is this a pre-emptive strike? You don't want to know my specialty. I had no idea that humans were so resilient. It's not a trait found in most primate species. There's a reason reptilians are called upon when force must be applied. It was a reptilian who piloted the weapon that attacked your world. He was from my regiment. I selected him myself. His name will go down in history. It will be spoken with reverence, a testament to the superiority of the cold-blooded. I wasn't aware of that. How unfortunate. And what was that? (trying very hard not to throttle him there and then) Earth vessels. How many? You want me to kill you? I'll reciprocate with an interesting fact of my own. We know exactly where your ship is. When we lost contact with our lunar outpost, we scanned the vicinity and discovered it hiding. Unless you tell me exactly what I want to know I'll dispatch a squadron right now. No more conversation? I hope you had a chance to say goodbye to your crew. Degra? I don't know who that is. What makes you think Degra would be interested in talking to you? Degra has only two children. Restrain him. You've had enough time. (he chaina Archer up again.) REPTILIAN: Has he revealed the location of his forces? There are no other matters. Take them back to their ship. Return to your ship. He's going to a detention centre for more questioning. If there are any survivors from his ship, they'll join him. Your ship's under attack. We grew tired of waiting. I don't answer to you. By the time you do, the Earth ship will be dust. [Bridge] (The attack is still continuing and there are fires burning.)
(to other Reptilian) Fifteen millilitres from the new arrival. (Somehow Archer doesn't flinch as the needle is pushed into his neck and the blood sample drawn.) [Loomis' car]
Where is Degra? With the humans? I supposed the Council authorised these negotiations? Undock from the human vessel immediately.  [Bridge] Proceed to our starboard docking port. You'll all be dealt with as the Council sees fit.  [Bridge]
We know exactly where your ship is. (Enterprise is under attack, with holes in the hull and bodies floating out.) [Bridge] You had no right to recall my ships. The humans should have been destroyed the moment they were detected. You're permitting an enemy vessel to remain in orbit near a military installation! Thanks to an attack that you opposed. At the very least, we should board their vessel and take them prisoner. We're not finished with him. He hasn't provided us with the necessary information. Very well. We can deliver him. He is the commander of an enemy vessel. He will not be harmed any further. You have my assurances. Meaning?
That can be remedied. I'll contact Gralik. Typical humanoid arrogance. You expect us to come scurrying whenever it suits you. Then why are you wasting our time? When? We have been standing by for nearly an hour. What is it? Are these the satisfying results you promised? Time? We have given you more than enough time. We were promised a weapon to destroy the humans in one stroke, not hack away at them bit by bit. Not enough. Every failure puts us at risk. We hope so. [Command centre] (Watching a playback of the test.)
And what of your work, Degra? They attacked a trellium mine. We cannot wait any longer. Are you saying you're not up to the task? You know that isn't true. Perhaps it is time to reconsider our colleagues' proposal. That can be remedied. Were you successful? Signal us when you're ready. (Rajiin is confronted by an armed security man.) He wasn't taken alive. Don't we? Bring her! (Rajiin is brought in.) REPTILIAN: Show them. Show them! (Rajiin goes to the table and leans on it. A projection of a human, with That's enough! Take her. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of  CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights property of their
I'll contact Gralik. If the test is successful, how long before we can deploy the weapon? More delays? That's no excuse. They should have been ready by now. Such lethargic creatures. In a complex this size, how difficult can it be? Walks? We don't have time for you to go foraging through the forest. We'll find him ourselves.  [Forest] (Reed's scanner beeps.) Where were you? And do your personal activities involve destroying one of our seekers? Who was with you? Our scans detected other biosigns. What kind of tests? We were told the shipment was ready. We should go, Degra. We're behind schedule already. (Gralik is the only one with a view of the shuttle, and Archer leaving it.) And you've been well paid for it. It doesn't concern you.
