I got a letter from your sister. She said you mentioned a close call with some kind of storm. She also mentioned something about alien soldiers forcing their way aboard. I guess there's no point in asking you about the Romulan minefield. I've been serving on cargo ships for a long time. I've made a few contacts here and there. What makes you say that? Deneva station. Just a quick run to pick up supplies. We'll have you back in plenty of time. Did you forget your way? You're not assigned to guest quarters. [Room B6] It was, but they didn't mind giving it up for a few days. We don't get VIPs very often. I found some of your old things. Thought you might feel more at home. You stayed up all night for a month, mapping every system you planned to visit when you grew up. I'm glad you're home. Those plasma injectors aren't going to align themselves. I should go. After you've settled in, come by the Engine room. Some people want to say hello. [Cargo module] I wouldn't risk it. If it detonates, you could lose the nacelle. I don't see why not. Mazarite? (to Travis) Even your father had to make compromises. The safest thing to do is give them what they want. Cargo can be replaced. [Mess hall] (The 1931 classic version of Frankenstein is showing, and we're up to the reanimation scene.)  I understand you made a few modifications to the impulse relays. Next time, you might want to check with me. I am the Chief Engineer. I've played referee between you and your brother for a long time. Nutri-paks? I think they've ruined your taste buds. How long would you stay? But you're needed on your ship. Even if your captain agrees, it could be a long time before Enterprise is back this way again. You're going to give up your career, move back home and take orders from your brother? Congratulations. Now you know what it's like to be a parent. I could spend every waking minute worrying about you two, but I'd never get any work done. You should've seen your father when he took over. He was a year younger than Paul is now. He was an engineer. He didn't know the first thing about running a Bridge. We fell so far behind schedule, he almost lost his ECA license. He wanted to quit. I wouldn't let him. Your brother just needs some time. Didn't we have this conversation? It was right here in this room, four years ago, when you first thought about joining Starfleet. That's true, and a lot more's going to change. Will we be talking about this again in another four years? You're the helmsman of the first warp five starship. I'm proud of you. Everyone here is. Even Paul, though he won't admit it. If you'll indulge a little motherly advice, don't let your guilt over leaving guide your decision. Night. [Captain's mess] Engineering, stand by to release the primary clamps. Just a few more clamps. Starboard plating's down. Hull plating's gone.
