Who are you? What did you do to that door? I want to know what you're doing here. A real collector would've waited until the shop was open. You're not here to pick up any antiques. I've been watching the shop for weeks. I know all about your evening deliveries. People are getting sick. Some are even dying because of what's going on in here. Did you know that? Move away from the door. (T'Pol has arrived and stuns her from behind.) (waking suddenly) What did you do to me? That's the second lie you've told me. You're not very good at it. Why did you bring me back here. Did Garos tell you to? Are you working for him? You don't know who I'm talking about. He owns the shop you broke into. Wait. If you don't work for him, what were you doing in there? Which city? Who sent you? I suppose telling me nothing is better than another lie. You didn't tell me your name. Jon. How far away is this city? [Bridge] Yes. Hello. Who's your friend? If you're careful not to touch anything. You two are from the same province? Must be difficult to make friends when you keep so much to yourself. Yes, you do. (T'Pol scans shelves of bottles.) RIANN: Turn down that flame, please. Why don't you tell me why you were in Garos's shop. What kind of machine? I can't tell you much. People are dying and I can't determine why. Drop this in the water, carefully. I learned of the epidemic about eighteen months ago. My brother was one of the first victims. At first I thought it was some kind of airborne contagion, but it never spread beyond this part of the city. I'm sampled the soil, the water, I can't find anything out of the ordinary. (T'Pol dips litmus paper into a vial) The first cases occurred here (She goes over to a map on wall.) RIANN: A few hundred metres from his shop. That was just one month after he arrived. Every few nights, someone carries crates from his shop to different places outside the city. When I've gone back in the morning, crates are gone. Hand me that. Tea. Would you like some? Sorry. I mutter when I'm writing sometimes. It's an old habit. My mother bought me a tousorobco once, but it tuployo pludak. All right? I'm all right. I understand. (The shop door opens and a man loads three crates onto a hand cart then wheels it away. They follow.) [Forest] (As Archer and Riann watch, he unloads the crates then talks into a device similar to Garos's scanner and finally leaves.) Not before I see what's in those crates. Help me open this. (A bright light appears from above them and they dash for cover.) Have you ever seen anything like that? Jon! (The man is above him in a tree fork. Archer pulls him down and they fight on the ground. Finally Archer knocks him out, then peels off his latex mast to reveal a scaly face. Both scrabble for the phase pistol, Archer gets there first and stuns him.) Is there anything else you'd like to tell me, Jon? [Garos's shop] If your ship can travel to so many stars then why would you come here? Me? Why? We're so backward compared to you. Can't you use your device? What are we looking for? Here. This is Tengala Street. Here's the shop. This outline could have something to do with the energy field. Wait, what are you doing? What about the yellow dots? How do we know they don't represent the field? Maybe it's the yellow button. That's what worries me. Blue. (Archer presses it, an alarm sounds and all the doors shot.) [Bridge] Jon. (Garos is nearby, looking for them.) [Bridge] The oil lamp. (A form of street lighting.) There should be at least a litre of residic oil in the container below it. Residic oil ignites at three hundred and ninety eight degrees. You wouldn't happen to have anything that gets that hot? (Archer dodges to the shelter of a building and adjusts his phase pistol then fires. The lamp behind Garos and his friend explodes, sending them flying and knocking them out momentarily.) Just one? What if Garos comes back? They could stop by for tea. Who'd believe me anyway? Where is your starship headed now? Is your translator broken again?
