You mean that? No, I'll buy you one. Consolation prize. Two more, Leo. You know why you didn't get this assignment? You tried too hard. You did everything by the book. You burned the midnight oil in that simulator, eighteen, twenty hour days. You shut everything and everyone out of your life just so you could be the first. You still don't understand. Starfleet doesn't just want a great pilot. They want a great captain. [Shuttlepod] NX control. I thought we built a warp ship so we could go to warp. I saw Italy go by again. If this is going to take much longer, maybe you can send up some food. How about some of those deep fried mushrooms from the 602? [NX Control room] Acknowledged. WSP is nominal. APU's are good. [NX Control room] I'm breaking orbit. At least the thrusters work. I did get a little variance on the RCS. [NX Control room] (Archer checks the large wall display of NX-A.) Not on your life. [NX Control room] See you in a few light years. [NX Control room] She's getting a little shaky. [NX Control room] Are you sure you've got that stabilisation problem ironed out? I'm at two point one. I think I can get more out of her. The field's collapsing! A little shaky. Trust me, you don't want to pass through the warp barrier in one of those. Should make a nice addition to the Starfleet Museum. I'm not sure, sir. The closer I got to two point two, the more trouble I had keeping the field stable. The abort call was premature. We had some instability on the previous tests, but it always settled down. We're not going to get anywhere without taking some risks. Bourbon, straight up. This is really going to throw a wrench in my career plans. (Ruby delivers glass.) Thanks. I'll have another. Debriefing. After the flight surgeons were done with me I got hauled in front of the Starfleet senior staff and the Vulcans. What do you think? The subspace field destabilised at warp two point two. Primary flight controls failed, resulting in the loss of the vehicle. What? I'm not interested in your opinion, Lieutenant. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, Archer, but it doesn't work. We need more than time. Another chance to what, get killed? It wouldn't have made a damn bit of difference. You weren't in that cockpit. There's plenty wrong. You just refuse to see it. Every time there's a problem with this project, you blame it on pilot error or gravitational anomalies, or some technical malfunction. Well, you're going to have to face the truth this time, because there's nothing left to point an finger at. Your father designed a lousy engine. (This starts a fist fight.) We're done flying. No use hanging around. Here you go. (pushes a trunk at Archer) Suit yourself. Look, I was out of line. That's good of you to admit, but it doesn't really matter now. You heard Forrest. The programme is on hold indefinitely. What about the Vulcans? They'll look at your data and say we need to run computer simulations for another ten years to prove that you're right. Forrest answers to Starfleet Command. It's out of his hands. If you want to convince the Vulcans, you'll have to do a lot better than showing them a bunch of antimatter calculations. We only lost one ship. Still have one left. Can you think of a better way to prove it'll fly? You want to talk about taking risks? You're a great pilot, maybe as good as me, but you're never going to get out into deep space by playing it safe. When the first warp five starship is built, it's Captain won't be able to call home every time he needs to make a decision. He won't be able to turn to the Vulcans, unless he decides to take one with him. [Shuttlepod] That's because they haven't been installed yet. Not to late to call this off, head over to the 602 for a beer. By the time they figure out what's going on, we'll be half way to Jupiter. [Forrest's office] Why don't you take it? I had the last flight. You're due up. (They swap seats.) Besides, you could use the practice. I hope you and Tucker were right about that intermix. That's warp two. [NX Hangar] Almost. [NX Hangar] Sir. If we follow all their recommendations, we'll never make it into deep space. Get Lieutenant Tucker in here. Ask any engineer on the project. They'll tell you this ship can fly. Archer and I just proved it. We're ready to go. Now. To Jonathan Archer, first skipper of the Starship Enterprise, (he takes a drink) and one lucky s.o.b. It couldn't have been talent. I'm just waiting for Forrest to realise what a horrible mistake he made. Still, they could have done a lot worst. Anyway, I'd rather wait for the NX02. Let you make all the mistakes so I'll have an easier time of it. Got to go. I'm catching a shuttle to Alice Springs at oh six hundred. More survival training. Night, Ruby. Good luck, Jon. Hey, I'll see you out there. [Shuttlepod]
