Like to see you make that catch with the gravity plating at Earth sea level. One more reason not to go. The cargo handlers at Jupiter Station. They didn't balance the load. Shaw and I, we, er, we trimmed it out. Granted. I'm Matthew Ryan, first officer. Nausicaans. They tried to board us. We managed to fight them off but not before we took a few bruises. Your parents ran freight? Oh, we can handle this ourselves, Captain, but thank you. One of our younger crewmembers panicked, hit the emergency beacon. With our comm. down we had no way to tell Starfleet to ignore it. He was wounded in the attack. I'm in command until he's back on his feet. I'm sorry we took valuable time away from your mission. Is he going to die? How long? That's all right. A few engineers, that's all. We'll keep them where they're supposed to be. What do you want me to do, throw him off the ship? (A group of men are concealed behind some containers, standing over a Nausicaan who We've got our own machine shop. That's a transporter. (He gazes at the alcove.) I've read about them. Have you been through it? They say that for a split second you can actually feel yourself in both places at once. So you were on the Horizon? (They start walking again.) How do your parents feel about you leaving? Then why'd you leave? Thanks. I've already seen most of the ship. I've heard about it. Warp one point eight works just fine for us. Any faster and there'd be no time to enjoy the trip. [Mess hall] You eat this well all the time? Resequenced? This tastes real. You know the last time I had a steak? Eighteen months ago. All we've got left now are hydroponics and nutri-paks. When it was someone's birthday my mother would bake a cake. We knew batter than to ask what it was made of. Oh, no way. No. They were on the North Star. (Gloom descends.) Yeah, I was one of the survivors. I went to the Fortunate after that. Running freight is dangerous. You mean join Starfleet? Was this premeditated? Buy me lunch and give me the recruiting pitch? If Starfleet gets all the good crews, who does that leave to run the freighters? You did. So why'd you leave it? Why did you abandon your family. Did they? Or were they just saying what you wanted to hear so you wouldn't feel guilty. Commander Tucker should be done with my valve assembly by now. Thanks for lunch. [Fortunate Corridor] (Two boys run past the workers.) Some of the connections were off by a few microns, but they should be fine. Well he's still unconscious but the burns are healing, thanks to your doctor. Thanks, but we're anxious to get underway. Goodbye, Captain. I think one of the kids has a Teneebian skunk as a pet, if that's what you mean. Are you saying we've got a stowaway? Well, what are you talking about? Okay. Not that it's any of your business, but there is a Nausicaan aboard. He's my prisoner. They have been attacking our ship for months, stealing our cargo. They nearly killed my Captain. Now what gives them the right to do that? And what would you do? Take him back to Nausicaa? They'd probably give him a medal. That is my business. Starfleet doesn't have any jurisdiction over what goes on aboard my ship. You wouldn't do that. He's in there. He's tied up over there. The frequencies. (kicking him in the chest) Give me the frequencies. I'm counting on it. [Fortunate corridor] That wasn't so difficult, was it. Remodulate the weapons. Keep him locked up. We might still need him. How? So his friends can pick him up and he can tell them to change their shield modulations? What was the point of all this? If we don't show them that we're serious, they're never going to leave us alone. I'm responsible for this ship now, and I need to know that you are going to help me do whatever it takes to protect her. (Shaw nods.) We've taken enough casualties. It's time we started inflicting some of our own. Captain's starlog, supplemental. We've picked up a faint warp trail that could be the Fortunate, but we don't know for sure until our long range sensors are back online. [Engineering] Are you sure? The new shield frequencies? Bring the cannons online, drop out of warp. Put it on the viewer. (A little ship makes a dash.) RYAN: They've seen us. Lay in an intercept course. Full impulse. Can you get a weapons lock? Then get us into range. Return fire. This must be where they offload stolen cargo. Hold your course. We still have their shield frequencies. Lock weapons on the first Are you sure you programmed the right frequencies? Go to warp! Full impulse, then. Hull plating to maximum. (Another big hit and explosions.) He's our prisoner. How many? Pass out weapons. We fought them off before, we can do it again. Weapons. [Section D corridor] (Ryan opens fire on the Nausicaans and a shooting match ensues. A crewman is hit.) He's going to be okay. Shut up. [Bridge] What a relief. Starfleet's come to save the day. What, and you believe him? You believe they're just going to let us fly away? What about next time, when another freighter gets jumped [Bridge] In the middle of nowhere. What then? I'm dealing with them the only way they understand. He's my prisoner, and I'm going to handle [Bridge] This in my way. Oh, you again. What, your Captain decide a little boomer to boomer talk would persuade me? What have they got to do with this? I'm doing this for them. [Bridge] That is just what it's about. Hold your fire! Take him. (The Nausicaans leave, quickly.) [Bridge]
