(the guy in the blue suit and red shirt) Vic's been arrested. The Gestapo's clearing out entire buildings, shooting people on the street. They're looking for you. The Germans are offering ten thousand dollars for information leading to your capture. Why? Look, you son of a bitch, my friend is probably being tortured right now. I want to know why. I won't tell anyone. Shut up! You got three seconds. One, two, three. (Carmine pushes his hand away.) Damn military. You cut and run, you leave us at the mercy of these Nazi bastards. Oh, yeah, yeah, I forgot. It was an orderly retreat. (A siren Alicia. We're going to see if we can find out any more information about Vic. [Sickbay] Curfew starts in an hour. We got to move fast. I know what you mean. We used to own this neighbourhood. Nothing to tell. We were delegates for the Construction Workers Union. Come on, let's go. [Alleyway] This guy's a welsher and a drunk. I wouldn't put too much stock into what comes out of his mouth. I'm only doing this because Alicia asked. Don't forget that. I want you to tell him what you told me, about your customer. What you owe me, take twenty percent off. What? I'm a generous guy. Hey, You think the Germans are tough? Get me in a bad mood. [Wood, at night] (Two figures materialise and go walking. They pass a field gun.) (lighting a cigar) Could be the last Cuban in the city. You don't know what you're missing. I read in a magazine once the Germans were doing medical experiments on people. Well, maybe that's what you saw, one of their experiments. A lot of weird stories floating around. The Germans working on new weapons, guns that shoot light instead of bullets. Turn people into dust. It all sounds like one of those stories that guy, Orson Welles, dreamed up. How'd he do that? You know all those people who panicked? I was one of them. I fell for the whole thing. I called my sister in Jersey, I told her the Martians were coming. She broker her ankle racing for the car. It cost me a fortune in medical bills. Sometimes I wish the Martians had come. We're keeping the Germans busy, more and more of us every day. Irish gangs, dockworkers, coloureds, even broads. Some of these women, they can shoot the fleas off a tick. When the war's over, I got half a mind to put them on the payroll. (they see someone in an overcoat and hat coming) Here. (offering a gun) It's loaded. (Archer takes it) Prazki? (the stranger also has a gun, and raises it when he sees Archer) You'd better take her advice. You ever see anything like that before? That's no mask. What in the hell is a temporal agent? Listen, you freak. How does this suit you? (Sal shoots him in the hand. He bleeds yellow.) It's better than he deserves. You want answers, don't you? The hell with it. We better get out of here. Was that my imagination, or did he say something about being from the future? You want any more of our help, you're gonna tell us what's going on. What was that back there? A Martian? Well, where are you from? We gotta get out of here. (Germans come rushing out of a building.) Move. (The Germans let rip with a machine gun, and Sal is shot in the back.)
