Having endured a catastrophic World War, Earth's governments came to this city for the purpose of creating a just and lasting peace among nations. Today, we have assembled here again, representatives of numerous worlds, to forge an unprecedented alliance. With this Coalition of Planets, we seek to strengthen our bonds of friendship, render permanent the peace that now exists among us for the ongoing exploration of our galaxy. Let us dedicate ourselves to these worthy goals so that future generations can look back upon this moment with pride and eternal gratitude. Thank you. (Applause, although Tucker is less than enthusiastic.) I hope I didn't embarrass myself too much. Call me Nathan. I want to thank you again for attending. Having Enterprise here seems to put everyone at ease. People feel comfortable in the presence of heroes. Well, it certainly helps that the delegates can understand each other. These universal translators work perfectly, thanks to you. Whatever you did, they're extremely precise. Though, when I'm listening to the Tellarite ambassador, I wish they were just a little less precise. I've always believed that formidable goals produce formidable results. (Meanwhile, a lady member of the press meets up with Travis.) Fortunately, the news hasn't spread to the general public, and I'd like to keep it that way. An announcement of this nature could derail the conference. You haven't spent much time on Earth lately. After the Xindi attack, there was a dangerous increase in xenophobia. It died down somewhat, but not completely. There are still people out there who want us to stay in our little corner of the galaxy. The news of a Vulcan-human hybrid could inflame them, give them something to rally against. As I said, you've been away for a while. Can't afford to operate on faith. There's more at stake here than a simple trade agreement. You fought the Xindi. You know better than anyone how Earth's survival depends on alliances with other species. We don't have the Vulcans watching our backs anymore. All I'm saying is that there's strength in numbers. I'm sure they are, but I've heard nothing new. Starfleet investigators are more than capable of handling this. I suggest we let them do their job. I'll notify you the moment I hear something. I appreciate your co-operation. (Samuels leaves, and Archer goes to the comm. panel.) The Tellarites are pushing for an embargo against the Orions. They claim they've been attacking their freighters. You have to appreciate their point of view. Ambassador, Captain Archer. How can I help you? Why come to me? I can't do that. I'm sorry. If that's true, it's extremely troubling. It seems you're doing fairly well investigating on your own. I've already explained why there was a need for secrecy. I was very young when I joined Terra Prime. Didn't you make any questionable choices when you were that age, Captain? It was a stupid mistake. I was a fool. My father had died in a freighter accident and I blamed the pilot, who happened to be Denobulan. We all have our demons. I've exorcised mine. I underestimated you. I suppose I'm not the first person to make that mistake. You'll have your case file within the hour.
I want that transmission blocked. Then find some way to contact Enterprise. I want to speak to Archer. [Bridge] (to a woman, as Soval gestures to him) If you'll excuse me. Ambassador? Isolated incidents, I'm sure. Paxton's a fanatic, but he's a man of his word. He won't act before his deadline's up. The Council's aware of that. If you can't bring yourself to fire on them, another Captain can be assigned to Enterprise. No one will think less of you. This wasn't an easy decision for the Council. The potential for disaster's even greater than you think. Over the next thirty months, the terraforming project has fourteen comets set to collide with Mars. Without the array to divert them toward the polar caps, the comets could hit anywhere, even the domed cities. Paxton can destroy any ship that approaches Mars. You're not serious. But that's only fourteen hours from now. What happens if this plan of yours doesn't work? Paxton's deadline is up. We have to face an unpleasant reality. Captain Archer's mission's failed. Two minutes? I'm not prepared to take that chance. Your estimates could be wrong. I understand your reluctance. I'm giving you new orders. Do it now. I can have you relieved of duty. Open a channel to Admiral Gardner. You're risking the lives of hundreds of thousands of people. You're out of time. Destroy the complex now. Give the order! [Orpheus Central Control] Postpone is a diplomatic way of saying it's dead. Paxton's unnerved them, and there's not a lot I've been able to say to change their minds. (Her communicator chirps.) Fellow delegates, this last week we've seen what humans can be at their worst. But we cannot, we must not use that as an excuse to end the dream that began here. For then, the demons of our past will have won. Instead, I want to look to the future and begin by honouring the people responsible for our being here tonight. They represent all of us at our best.
