You're wasting your time. Klaang knows nothing. It would be unwise to discharge that weapon in this room. You wouldn't have come looking for Klaang if Sarin had told you what she knew. That means you're no threat to me Jon, but I do need you to leave this room. (door opens) Now.
Very clever. Careful, Jon. It would be a shame to trigger another antimatter cascade. There'd be nobody here to stop it.
They boarded a cloaked vessel and they knew exactly where to find the discs.
Did you correct the problem?
That wouldn't be wise, Captain.
Commander. Climb in. No. What's happening is beyond your comprehension. Get in the shuttlepod. I would rather not have to discharge this weapon. (Tucker moves to the pod, then pulls the hatch down and disarms Silik. They fight, but Silik escapes Tucker's grip by turning squidgy and wriggling out. Then he gets his weapon and stuns Tucker.) [Bridge]
You persist in asking questions you know I will not answer. (Archer opens the door and goes in.) Tell me, how was I planning to send that to the future? An impressive display, Captain. Though I'm not implying you're correct in any of your assumptions. But you don't have the answer you're seeking. The whereabouts of your missing crewman. (Archer pushes Silik up against the wall.) You've changed, Captain. And then? Are you going to destroy it? I don't care about your crewman, Captain, but I don't want Vosk to succeed any more than you do. I'll help you. There is one problem. I use my genetic enhancements to get inside the building. Your presence will negate that advantage. You're welcome. How do I look? Better? From my dealings with you and your crew, I'd come to believe that your race was inherently unaggressive. (Archer checks on a corpse in the street.) One thing is clear. When necessary, humans are fully capable of reverting to old methods. The way you handled that Xindi threat was extremely effective. No doubt it's the reason why Daniels chose you to stop Vosk. (They hide from an army patrol.) One doesn't join forces with Vosk. They're only a means to an end. To him and his followers, other species exist only to serve their needs. His faction once tried to eradicate the Suliban. They travelled into our past, altered it to prevent our species from attaining sentience. He was stopped by the Temporal Agents. They still oppose us, they're still our enemy. That will never change. (They come across a group of men around an oil drum fire.) Do we really need these people? I don't see how they can be of any use to us. Are you threatening me? Why would you do that? It only opens from the inside. (he squeezes through an air vent) Take cover. (Two alien scientists walk past.) They're activating the conduit. Work fast, Captain. (He does, and an alarm sounds.) [Bridge] We're in an extremely precarious position. It might help if I had a weapon.  They're in the atmosphere. Ionisation. The signal can't penetrate. I think not. You've proven a worthy opponent, Captain. I would've preferred to die fighting you, but I suppose I can settle for this. (dies)
