Those who have never seen a living Martian can scarcely imagine the strange horror of it's a - app - appearance. Can we just skip to the part where the Martian machines attack? My mum read it to me. Uh huh. I think it's chapter ten. I was trying to teach him to fetch. Sure. Can he do any tricks? Okay. I used to have a dog. His name was Bedford. He was so big, I could ride him like a horse. That's Zephram Cochrane. He invented warp drive. Doctor Phlox says your dad helped design the warp five engine. Did you always want to be a starship captain? Why? Bet it's a fun job. It pulls a little to the left. That feels better. My dad says I should be an engineer. My mum thinks I should study architecture, but I want to do what you do, be a starship captain. You know what's weird? My parents call me Trip, but everyone here calls me Sim. Where's my mum and dad? Are they back on Earth? It's broken. I miss my parents.  Doctor Phlox says I'm not allowed to go in there. He's Trip. My parents. They're not really mine, they're his. So, that time I put a garden snake in Lizzie's dollhouse, that wasn't me. So I'm just some kind of copy of him. How long have I lived here? I feel older. Will it hurt? Doctor's always say that. Can we go fix the model now? They're showing 'A Night At The Opera' tonight. Marx Brothers. Wondered if you're planning to go. Oh. What about dinner? Want to grab a bite? Yes, ma'am. It's because I'm different, isn't it? The reason you don't want to do anything with me. I guess it must be weird, being with someone like me. Five days ago I was wearing diapers. I probably won't be around after the current situation's resolved. I suddenly realised it was my favourite dessert. Now I know why. The older I get, the more I remember. It's like I've lived this whole other life. Can't explain it. Yeah, I did. Do you think it's possible to redirect the phase cannons so they can fire back onto the hull? I want to try and blast off enough of that particulate so we can open up the Launch Bay doors. All we need to do is build up enough momentum to can get the ship out of here, right? Well, we've got two perfectly good engines sitting in the Launch Bay. If we string a couple of grappler lines between the shuttlepods and the ship we can tow ourselves clear. Leave that to me. (He hands over a PADD.) [T'Pol's quarters]  Can I come in? Did you have a chance to look at my calculations? And? That doesn't mean it won't work. So you're going to recommend the plan to the Captain? You and Trip used to spend a lot of time here together. I remember. We were lying right there, working the neural nodes on each other's feet, talking about the warp engines. How I was hoping to modify them. Right. Commander Tucker. You know, he was really starting to enjoy those sessions with you. I'm not sure that's the only reason. Was there ever anything between you and Trip? The reason I ask is, well, you're all I think about, if you know what I mean. And I'm not talking about an adolescent crush. That was, well, that was two days ago. This is much more serious, the way I feel about you. Anyway, what's driving me crazy is, I don't know if these feelings are mine or his. I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable. I just thought I should tell you this, while I still had the chance. [Ready room] I want to pilot one of the shuttlepods. It's my plan. I think I should have a say in how it's implemented. Yes, I have. Trip has thousands of hours of flying time and I have his memories. You're worried something'll happen to me, aren't you. You want to make sure I'm around because you need part of my brain. So your concern for my safety is really about saving Trip. Set the overrun ratio. We'll start at oh point one seven five. [Shuttlepod One]  Prepare to initiate on my mark. Now. [Shuttlepod One] A few more seconds. Thanks Captain. [Sickbay] Just want to get these initiators in place. If you had five days left, would you spend them sleeping? Besides, tomorrow morning I'm walking into Sickbay to donate some of my unneeded neural tissue. Which means that pretty soon I'll be answering to the real Trip, and if I know him, he's going to want these engines in as good a shape as they can be. I appreciate that. I wanted to learn something about my own species, so I've been doing a little research. Mostly on lifespans. Did you know that at one time in history human beings lived an average of only thirty five years? The average Vulcan lifespan was only forty? Just that both species expend a lot of effort to change those statistics. I guess it's just natural for people to want to stick around for as long as possible. [Sickbay]  Why not give up my life? I've only got five, six days left anyway. Let me ask you something, Doc. When you researched Lyssarrian larvae did you come across any references to the Velandran Circe? Why do you think he kept it a secret? There's not much evidence, but it exists. The fact is, I may not have to grow old and die in a week. There's a chance that I can live out a normal lifespan. I can't change what happened to him but maybe I can change what's going to happen to me. [Trip's quarters]  Come in. I was on the way to my room last night, but I came here instead. Which is where I belong. I have his memories, I have his feelings, I have his body. How am I not Trip? Then what am I? Just something you grew in a lab? Does that make it easier for you to condemn me to death? I didn't put him in a coma. In a way I will, by saving myself. My life is at stake! Any chance is worth taking. I know. So what are you going to do? Drag me down to Sickbay, force me onto a biobed at gunpoint? Even if it means killing me. You're not a murderer. I was wondering if there's anything I can still do. Maybe there's a panel I can install or something. I've got a few hours to kill before my operation. Why not? The two things I care most about are in this room. I'll get right on it. (Instead, he goes to a computer screen and starts doing something.) [Bridge] Where the hell was I going to go? We're nowhere near any habitable planet. Didn't really want to spend the rest of my life floating around in a shuttlepod which doesn't even have any toilet facilities. Can you imagine a lousier way to spend your old age? Cooped up in that thing, peeing in a bottle? Actually, I can imagine a worse fate. Being stuck in there with Malcolm. Damn, this is a screwed up situation. A lifetime in eight days. It's not that I'm scared of dying, it's just that I can't imagine not being here tomorrow. You want to know what really stopped me? My sister. And she was my sister as much as Trip's. I don't want what happened to her to happen to anyone else. Do me a favour when this is over. If Commander Tucker decides to do any more modifications to the engines, tell him to watch his ass. [Tucker's quarters] On my way. I appreciate that. All in all, I guess I've had a pretty good  I'm sorry I doubted you, Doc. I'm serious. You see, I don't just remember Trip's childhood, I remember mine. You made a damn good father. You said to me once that commanding a starship was what you meant to do. I guess this is what I was meant to do. Good luck, Captain. You owe me one. (Sim returns to lie on the biobed. Phlox injects him and his eyes close.) [Armoury]
He was really starting to enjoy those sessions with you. What's driving me crazy is I don't know if these feelings are mine or his. [Tucker's quarters] (It's a neuro-pressure session, and he is working on her foot.)
