You can start by telling me what you're  doing here.  Captain Skalaar of the Tellarite Mining  Consortium.  Shore leave?  In that case, I recommend you visit the  equatorial range. The view from the north summit is inspiring.  Many times. I prefer to think of it as my own  personal retreat. You mustn't leave until you've experienced the  hydrothermal pools of Ren-gham.  The polar island chain, two hundred and twenty  seven kilometres from the southern tip of the Rykos shoreline. Look for  the pyroclastic debris field then follow the lava tubes  I'd be happy to show you.  Not at all. I'll meet you at your starboard  docking port. I'll help you plan your shore leave. [Corridor] I'd stay clear of those emitters if I were you. The very  latest technology. I installed them last month.  I've taken appropriate counter-measures. We won't be seeing  any more of your starship.  You can either be quiet or spend  the rest of this trip unconscious. Which do you prefer?  (Archer sits down quietly) [Decon  chamber] (The  I'm trying to reach Captain Goroth. It's very important that I  speak with him.  I have the fugitive.  He's standing about five metres from me. You'll be pleased to  know he's still alive. I'm bringing him to Kronos as we agreed.  I trust you'll have the full payment?  A pleasure doing business with you, Captain. (Ends  You're right, and I don't care to. [Bridge] I don't take bribes from criminals.  Klingon Judiciary says you are.  Oh, that was very noble of you. You'll think twice before  doing that again. (Skalaar sits down to eat.)  I'm familiar with Rura Penthe.  That's not my concern.  I've captured dozens of fugitives. Every one of them claimed  to be an innocent man.  Goroth already knows you're aboard. If I don't deliver you  he'll offer a reward for both of us. I've learned never to cross a  Klingon.  I don't answer to those savages. I work for myself.  If you knew how much they were paying me you'd understand.  This has nothing to do with you. I'm sure you're not a bad person, just  an unlucky one. [Decon  chamber] I already have the human in custody. The reward is guaranteed.    In two days you'll see I'm telling the truth.  Do you want to scrub plasma injectors the rest of your life?  I'm giving you a chance to (Signal ends.)  Tezra's not a person, it's a cargo ship. Far more impressive  than this antique.  You'd be wise to keep quiet. The Klingons pay me the same  whether you're alive or dead. A vessel's approaching. I wouldn't get  too optimistic. It's not your starship. (Another alien makes contact with Skalaar. This one has its chin tucked in and a ridged skull with two plumes of fine  hair hanging down.)  Always one step behind me, eh, Kago?  Why would I do that?  Goroth told you where I was, didn't he.  If I was incompetent Archer would be aboard your ship,  wouldn't he?  Or what, you'll destroy my shuttle? Can't collect on Archer if  You must think I'm a fool.  If you try to escape. (Skalaar lets him out.) SKALARR: This is the warp field  regulator, the impulse throttle.  There.  What?  This ship wasn't designed for these manoeuvres. We've lost the  aft cannons.  Still online.  Subspace beacons. They generate a false warp signature. I used  one of them to evade your vessel.  What good will that do?  Ready.  Don't celebrate yet. Our reactor's leaking. The warp drive's  offline. I'm never going to make the rendezvous.  The reactor also powers life support.  It can only be accessed from the outer hull.  But Kago's on the surface.  More than you know. If Kago collects the reward he'll probably  waste it on Orion slave girls. Not me, I'm going to do something useful  with it.  You think I've been chasing fugitives my entire life? Once I  get the money I'll have enough to pay off the impound fees. I'll be a  freighter captain again.  The Tezra isn't like any other cargo ship. She was the first  of her class, the fastest ever built. She could haul a million metric  tons at warp four point five. Even your starship isn't capable of that.  I retrofitted her engines myself.  My brother and I were hauling a shipment of fire-salt. I  thought I could trim two or three days off our journey by cutting  across the most insignificant corner of Klingon space. I learned very  quickly there's no thing as an insignificant corner of Klingon space.  We were lucky to escape with our lives, though we did pay a price.  And it's cargo too. My brother never forgave me. I've been  trying to find a way to get the Tezra back every since. What are you  doing! (Archer throws him to the ground and pulls a weapon.)  Don't worry, we'll meet Goroth on time. [Decon  chamber] (T'Pol  wakes up as Phlox is working with test tubes and a PADD.)  I need your help.  You think I would have come here if I had a choice? I need an  antimatter injector.  Do you know who this is? He's the only prisoner who's ever  escaped from Rura Penthe. The Klingons are offering a fortune to get  him back. Tell him. (Archer stays quiet) Tell him!  Of course I'm coming back. You're going to be my first  officer.  Scrubbing plasma injectors? Is that how you want your children  to see you?  You think that I enjoy spending my time with vermin like him?  Please, don't turn your back on me again. We can reclaim the  Tezra.  Why not?  The engines?  Get that injector and install it.  What are you trying to say?  What choice do I have? I told you, if I let you go they'd kill  me.  Twice. Why? [Decon  Chamber] (T'Pol  is muttering in Vulcan.)  What about my payment? (Goroth throws a box at him.)  We agreed to nine.  I see you made it back safely.  I don't see why they would.  I'm not sure. If you know of an old freighter  for sale?  Be careful, Captain. It's likely the Klingons  will double their bounty.  No promises. <Back  to the episode listing Star  Trek ® is copyright of CBS  Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web  pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. 
