I'm busy. Jonathan Archer. What brings you here? They're naming the prison after you? I'm kind of in the middle of something. Well. I suppose it's not every day one gets to speak to the man who saved the planet. Please. (Archer steps into the cell) I apologise for the clutter. I'm not allowed traditional recording devices. (The guard closes the door and steps out of sight.) I was particularly proud of that. I made it all the way to Sausalito. On the rare occasion I get stuck on a problem, I find a vigorous escape attempt helps to clear the head. (Archer looks at a paper) Go ahead. They're DNA sequences. That one is for a modification of the human T-cell. It would render Sharat Syndrome a thing of the past. That one increases the visual spectrum by five percent. Of course, none of this will ever be tested. They clear out my room every few months. I'm told it all gets vaporised. How can a supposedly intelligent species reject technology that would enhance ability, relieve suffering? So did splitting the atom, yet the first ships to colonise the solar system were nuclear-powered. But you're not here to discuss that. I read the reports. I understand the Klingons are quite annoyed. Looks like you might've saved Earth for nothing. Let me guess. Human? I see. Permission to come aboard, sir? No need for an introduction. I admire your people very much. We share a similar view of humanity. That it could stand some improvement. I've heard of you, but I don't recognise your face. You're not getting your fair share of publicity. We're on a starship soon to be at high warp. Where exactly would I go? If I could examine the DNA samples the Klingons recovered, I could tell you something about the current state of the Augments. A laboratory would be preferable, your Sickbay. Doctor Phlox's reputation rivals my own, before I was imprisoned, of course. I'd enjoy trading notes with him. Malik. He was the rebellious one. Reminded me of myself when I was his age. I came to think of them as my own children. I knew they'd survive. Well, I made some modifications of my own. I prefer to let my work speak for itself. I didn't realise you shared humanity's reactionary attitude toward this field of medicine. But you don't approve of what I've done. We can't let past mistakes hold us back. Well, what makes you think I haven't? There never used to be Orions in this area. They must've expanded their range of operations. It's a shame. I really liked your Science Officer. It's not going to be easy. They've most likely been taken to a processing station. The nearest one's on Verex Three. They'll be ushered into their new profession, as slaves. These stations are heavily guarded. Only legitimate traders are permitted to enter. I had to establish a relationship with the Orions. They helped me acquire certain goods and equipment I needed to survive. I can get you inside, but I can't get your people out. You don't like me, do you, Commander Tucker? You probably blame me for what's happened to your Vulcan friend. Your crew could use a sense of humour. ARCHER: Make the engines a priority. When it's time to leave, I have a feeling we're going to need all the speed we can get. (Tucker beams Archer and Soong down to -) [Orion Slave Market] At least we know four of your people are still here. Doesn't seem to be much demand for humans. Neurolytic restraints. Ingenious, really. They induce convulsive seizures in disobedient slaves. If a slave attempts to leave the premises. Wouldn't recommend it, not if you want them alive. (They've found their way to the auction block, where an Orion woman is presenting herself for sale, unabashed.) Only the women. Orion females are known for their extreme appetites, their innate skills. We made a wrong turn. Thank you so much, though. Thank you for your help. Really, thank you. Let's go. [Klingon ship] (The alpha male and his woman are marching through the ship.) Nine. [Bridge] I'd say they're not unlike some of your ancestors, judging from your accent. They were more like subjects. Sorry, Captain. I hope you find your people. Thanks for the ride. (The Slaver has his hand around T'Pol's neck.) There was an outside chance. No one was injured. I didn't take this action lightly. I'm simply saying it wasn't easy for me to place you and your crew in jeopardy. I respect you, Captain. They didn't steal a Klingon ship to go sightseeing. They're the future. They're stronger, smarter, free from sickness, with life spans twice as long as our own. You, more than anyone, should appreciate what this means. Your father suffered from Clarke's Disease. His final years were marked with extreme pain. He didn't need to suffer. Genetic engineering could've cured him. Those who want to suppress my Augments are the same ones who condemned your father to death. Turn the ship around, Captain. Go home. Leave them alone. Persis? (they embrace) I can't believe it. [by the Airlock] Malik. (Archer gets thrown away against the bulkhead so the pair There's nothing to say, Captain. Let them go. Their ship's disabled. By the time it's repaired, we'll be far away. It's been a pleasure, Captain. Take my advice. Go home and start learning how to speak Klingon. [Klingon Bridge] (Now at warp, Soong gets to meet the other Augments.) There were times back on Earth when I doubted myself, my work. But seeing you all, I know that everything I've fought for was worth it. We're going to build a new world. But we can't begin that task just yet. Thousands of your brothers and sisters are waiting to be born. Let's go get them. To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
 Thousands of your brothers and sisters are waiting to be born. Let's go get them. Eleven years earlier [Trialis] (The young children are getting a history lesson from their 'Father'.)
No one's been [Klingon Bridge] Good-bye, Captain. (Ends transmission.)
