Thymic sclerosis? I'm afraid we'll have returned to Vulcan by then. An impressive definition. Could you tell us how the disease is transmitted? Do you condone these acts, Sub-Commander? These mind-melds? Yes, your colleague on Denobula. Forgive us Doctor, but since there's a Vulcan serving on your ship, a fact that you neglected to mention to us, we had to consider other possible motives for you inquiry. Are you familiar with any of these names? They're melders. Vulcans with the ability to transfer thoughts and memories to each other. Do you know any melders, Sub-Commander? Then I'll ask you again. Do you condone their behaviour? Unmistakably. She's suffering from the syndrome. [Sickbay] (The neutron microscope is up and running. Phlox is working in the background.) I'm sorry, did we keep you waiting? What can we do for you, Captain? It's unfortunate that T'Pol is ill. I certainly hope not. Our decision has nothing to do with that. Pa'nar syndrome is a disease that's unique to an undesirable segment of our population. Thankfully, there are very few of them. We don't condone the intimate acts that these people engage in. They defy everything our society stands for. We take great pride in our ability to contain emotions. Sharing them is offensive. Now if you'll excuse me, we have a great deal of work to do before the conference ends. It's not for us to decide what the High Command needs to know. Nonetheless, there's only one way to contract Pa'nar syndrome. Good day. [T'Pol's quarters] (She is meditating with a candle when the comm. beeps,) The fact that she has Pa'nar Syndrome is not the reason she's being recalled. When it took place is not pertinent. Exactly. They're genetic aberrations who prey on people like you. People foolish enough to experiment with abhorrent behaviour. This is pointless. Our culture is governed by rules. We're not about to ignore them. You'd rather let them spread their infections. That's exactly why you're being recalled. Unfortunately, you don't know what you're talking about. The decision's been made. We should end this inquiry. We?
