You didn't tell me you were bringing a guest. Obviously. It's agreeable to see you. You appear well. (to T'Pol, in Vulcan) Why is he here? (in Vulcan) This is the first time you've brought a colleague home with you. You both must be very tired after your journey. (she leads the way into the living room) The guest room is on the south end of the house. (Tucker leaves them.) I'm no longer an instructor there. I wrote you a letter. Didn't Starfleet transmit it to your ship? I don't know why you're surprised. This was planned years ago. There's more to life than one's profession. Perhaps you'll learn that one day. It seems that I'm not the only one who knew you were coming. You received this yesterday. (She hands over a letter.) Did you believe he had forgotten you? You're going to respond. He's your fiancé. That is a matter for debate. It would be wise for you to speak with him. [Climbing a rock face] I've had ample time to attend to them. You still haven't told me the reason for your visit. I thought perhaps you'd decided to rejoin the High Command. The gespar isn't fresh. My stasis unit needs to be replaced. My daughter's always been fascinated by alien worlds. She was all too eager to finish her schooling and leave Vulcan. A mother is expected to push her young out of the nest. At some point, they're supposed to return. I'm told that on Earth a human child chooses their own path in life. They put their own wishes ahead of their family's. You've learned much from them, haven't you? Your father believed that our work should enrich Vulcan society. What's happened to you? Expressing gratitude is an Earth custom. I've noticed. I know that you are romantically involved with my daughter. There's no logic in denying it. How long have you been attracted to her? She didn't. I'm her mother. You've repaired it? If you have the time, perhaps you could repair my food Koss? It's difficult to meditate with you standing there. That's not entirely accurate. I chose to retire rather than face dismissal. I was under investigation by the Security Ministry. They claimed I had taken restricted data from the Academy archives. No. Their accusations were fabricated. I was told that if I left the Academy they would end the inquiry. After the monastery was destroyed, the First Minister was dismissed. You've made many enemies here. You've changed. Your emotions were always close to the surface, but you managed to suppress them. It's because of this Commander Tucker, isn't it? He's the reason why you refuse to bond with Koss. Do you really believe that a human and a Vulcan can have a future together? Imagine the shame your children would endure, assuming that the two of you could have children. Koss and his family are waiting. These clothes belonged to my husband. They fit you well. She's fulfilling her family obligation. I met my husband only once before we were joined. In time, we developed a deep connection to each other. Have you informed T'Pol? You're in love with her. Vulcans may not express their emotions, but we are sensitive to them. There's still time. I may not condone your relationship, but it's important for her to have all the facts. It's time. (She leads the group out into the courtyard, and T'Pol gives Tucker a quick kiss on the cheek before going outside.) [T'Pol's family home - courtyard] (Koss and T'Pol kneel in front of each other and touch two fingers together.)
I'm pleased to see that you're all right. Agreed. Yes. I only wanted her to know I was safe. I can't change what I've done. She doesn't deserve imprisonment. I want her released. My daughter wouldn't lie. They're the least of our worries now. You must have questions for me. I've been growing disillusioned with Vulcan society for some time. When I was forced to resign from the Academy, I began seriously to question my beliefs. Syrrannites believe that Vulcans have strayed from the teachings of Surak. Considering what the High Command has done in recent years, the listening station at P'Jem, the suppression of dissent, our position isn't so hard to accept. The High Command was just beginning to hunt down suspected Syrrannites. I was afraid I would be next. I wanted to keep you out of it. I know your marriage to Koss was for my sake. To help me regain my post. I can't do that. I thought that if you could see what we were trying to accomplish I held out that hope, yes. It's possible I was being foolish. Did you? Syrran possessed the katra of Surak. I used to think that, until I learned to open up my mind to other possibilities. T'Pau? No one here has ever performed this ritual. You'd not only be placing Surak's katra in jeopardy, you could kill Archer. I doubt Surak would agree. I believe your prejudice toward humans is clouding your judgment. Syrran chose to place the katra in Archer. He must have had his reasons, even if we don't understand them. That may be, but we do have a choice. Now, for the sake of everyone involved, I ask you to reconsider. And if Archer dies? It's not without risk. The shock to your nervous system will be severe. It could kill you. How is he? He agreed to the ritual. There is a profound difference. T'Pol. If that's your wish. What do you know about it? If he knows where it is. The High Command knows we're here. We should evacuate immediately. The Vulcan ships are firing on Enterprise. You can't stay here. T'Pol? I was afraid you were still inside. You have always struggled so with your emotions. I came here, I did all this to help you. You will. I've always been so proud of you, my T'Pol. (T'Les dies in her arms.)
