(played by Jolene) One hundred kilometres. Our landing vector is too steep. (A shooting star streaks through the night sky, explosions on the ship, a crash on a hillside. The ship is a wreck, with fires everywhere,) I don't think so. Captain. (He's dead.) (scanner is beeping) Two lifeforms. (A couple of deer.) Fascinating. If we're exposed, we could contaminate their culture. It's too dangerous. Mestral. (to Stron) Remain here. [Carbon Creek] We're here to find food, nothing else. We'll keep contact with the humans to an absolute minimum. If we must interact with them I will Prisoners? It's hard to believe these people were capable of launching an artificial satellite. (They hear a voice from a car radio and go to investigate the group of men listening to the match.) (walking on) Some type of combat, no doubt. A communal gathering place. It appears so. Remember. Currency. Do you have anything that doesn't require currency? We had an accident with our vehicle outside your town. (Maggie returns with two glasses of water.) We're fine. No. We're business associates. No, thank you. What are you doing? I told you not to speak to anyone. You don't even know the rules. He doesn't. It's time for us to go. We do not. No. What if you lose? I'll have to socialise with him. Why didn't you ask the merchant? You seemed willing to engage everyone else in conversation. [Captain's mess] Why does he do that? Then perhaps you can help me construct a subspace transceiver. If we remain here, we'll die. This world's on the brink of self-annihilation. Because your fascination with this species is blinding you. You sit for hours each day in front of this idiotic device. Open your eyes. They revel in violence. They devote what little technology they have to devising ways of killing each other. What potential? Only because they believe we're human. If they discovered the truth do you think they'd be so compassionate? Where are you going? Why? It'll be safer to go after dark. You can't risk being followed. Waveform discriminator? More research? Then why did you lie about it? You were engaging in intimate activity. You're to have no further contact with that woman. I'm still in command. I was about to meditate. Studying meditation techniques? You'd be surprised what a disciplined mind can accomplish. What else do you study at this library? I have an interest in astronomy as well. I've seen it already. And you. [Mine] Why do you need us here? We can't interfere. At best, these humans only live to be sixty or seventy. Is it worth the risk just to extend their lives a few more years? Compassion is an emotion. Proceed twenty two metres, then turn right at the junction. In eight metres, you'll find a narrow opening near the ground that leads to an abandoned shaft. There's a stratum of quartz on the wall, opposite the opening. Set your dispersal radius to seven degrees. Approximately thirty metres. [Mine] (Mestral makes his way to the trapped men.) T'Mir. We thought it wasn't transmitted. Understood. [Pine Tree bar - outside] (Jack pulls up in Maggie's car while T'Mir is sweeping leaves.) That's correct. Home. Up north. I'm sure you'll meet a lot of interesting people at college. What? Why not? What will you do? JACK: Keep saving, I guess. Find a job. Mom doesn't want me anywhere near the mine but that's where the work is around here. Can you try again next year for the scholarship? I'm sure they will offer it to you again. Perhaps. (Maggie has been listening at the door.) Didn't you terminate your employment? All of them or just one? Where would you go? Perhaps I can arrange for you to be on the next survey ship. He was killed in the crash. Mestral died in the crash as well. We cremated their remains. [Captain's mess]
