Who are you? ARCHER; I'm Jonathan Archer. Captain of the Earth vessel. And you must be T'Pol. You are a long way from Enterprise. I am T'Pau. I had nothing to do with the destruction of your embassy. I haven't left this desert for two years. What does that tell you about your evidence? You have a lot to learn about Syrrannites. No, you traverse vast wastelands based on false information. What did you plan to do when you found me, place me under arrest? It seems everything I've heard about your species is accurate. You told them where to find us. Is there anyone else with you? To have crossed the Forge by yourselves, with the sand-fire storms this time of year Who was this person? He's dead? Are you certain his name was Arev? His true name was Syrran. He was our leader. [T'Kareth Sanctuary - room] (T'Pol and Archer are hustled into a room with bars in the windows, and the door is locked from outside. Archer staggers and leans against the wall.) You put us all in danger. What if they'd been followed? You could've accomplished that without revealing our location. Not until we've confirmed their story. She's not merely your daughter. She's a member of Starfleet, and Starfleet is allied with the High Command. They'll both remain where they are until I'm satisfied they can be trusted. Search patrols are flying day and night. If Syrran is dead, then everything we've worked for is lost. [Ready room] This man, did he tell you his name? We believe you. If Syrran knew he was close to death, he would have tried to transfer the katra to someone else. There is only one way to be certain. I have to meld with you. The prospect doesn't appeal to me, either. I've never melded with a human before. Your unchecked emotions will no doubt prove distasteful. However, I ask your indulgence. (Archer turns to face her.) My mind to your mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. Our minds are merging. We're in the desert. There's a storm. We find refuge in a cave. Sand-lightning. Our minds are not alone. There's someone else here with us. I sense his presence. (She breaks the meld.) He has the katra. [Situation room] I've studied it for some time. I believe I can conduct it successfully. The risks are acceptable. What alternative would you suggest? That we follow this human? You question my logic? The reason is obvious. He was dying. Your daughter couldn't reach him in time. He had to choose Archer. I've made my decision. I'll perform the procedure in one hour. I won't sacrifice our future to protect the life of one human. [T'Kareth Sanctuary - room] We've come to a decision. The katra must be removed. There's a procedure, a ritual. It will transfer the katra to another person. Vulcan neurology is exceptionally resilient, but a human's We're not offering a choice. We'd prefer that you undertake the ritual willingly. It will stand a better chance of success. However, if force is required, we won't hesitate to use it. Passed down through the ages, the katra of Surak, father of all we hold true, lives on in this man. Let it now live on in me. (She stands behind Archer and puts her hands on his forehead, then starts speaking in Vulcan. Archer seems to be in pain, then we join him in another vision.) I failed. Surak chooses to remain where he is. [Bridge] (The modified shuttlepod has launched from Enterprise.) An artefact. Syrran led us here to find it. Telescopes have sighted three Vulcan cruisers in orbit over the Forge. Give the order. (T'Les leaves.) We could be next. Take charge of the evacuation. We'll meet you on the Forge as soon as we can. I've spent two years searching for the artefact. If there's a chance of finding it. Go. (Archer, T'Pau and T'Pol head off down the tunnel/) [Bridge] (Enterprise is hopelessly outgunned, and taking damage.) They've begun their assault. (The group moves on.) I had my doubts whether it really existed. (A big explosion nearly knocks them off their feet. Archer catches the Kir'Shara as it falls from T'Pau's hands.) Are you all right? We should keep moving. (They are about to head off, when T'Pol hears a moan.)
We've sent word to the Syrrannites in the mountains. They'll care for the wounded. Two days. The Kir'Shara contains Surak's original writings. It's the only surviving record of his true teachings. It would have an enormous impact on the High Command, and all of Vulcan. [Ready room] Archer! Don't move. (There are sparkly things in the rock walls We'll find a way. Surak will help us. You don't believe in the katra? He doesn't need a physician, he needs a priest. One experienced with katras. It was a great loss. We disagreed frequently, but I valued her counsel. I could allow you to experience what she shared with me. I would initiate it. Pa'nar Syndrome. Do you still suffer from it? Another lie perpetrated by the High Command. Pa'nar has been known since Surak's time. It's caused by melders who have been improperly trained. One with great experience can correct the neurological imbalance. My mind to your mind. My thoughts to your thoughts. Our minds are merging. Our minds are one. [Shran's ship] I'm going to scout ahead. (She leaves them.) Am I interrupting? Protecting the Kir'Shara. [Vulcan] (T'Pol wakes up.) They're heading east. Away from the capital. She's with them. Where are you going? There's no logic to your plan. We have no weapons. If they take the Kir'Shara from you, they'll destroy it. Your technique has improved. [High Command] V'Las can't govern without approval from the Council. The existence of the Kir'Shara will persuade them to reconsider their support. We can transport in, but we'll need access codes. Administrator, it is agreeable to see you again. Quantum dating will confirm that it's from the time of Surak. The Kir'Shara will show us our true path. Word has already spread of the discovery. It may take years to translate all of the writings. You may be witnessing the start of a new era, not only for Vulcan, but for Earth as well. SOVAL; The Minister intends to pursue a less aggressive policy toward your people. The High Command will be dissolved. You'll no longer have us looking over your shoulder. It's time for Earth to stand on its own.
