We've dropped out of warp, sir. Main power is (Everything switches off.) [Bridge] Mister Tucker. [deleted scene - Bridge] If you're feeling well enough to come to the Bridge, Captain, now would be a good time. [Bridge] (A large orange planet fills the viewscreen.) That should suffice.
Yes, sir. Acknowledged. There's a vessel approaching, Captain. It's power signatures match the scans you took of those bio-pumps. [Bridge] Yes. [Bridge] Our port nacelle has been damaged. (More weapons fire jolts Enterprise.)
We've identified several nocturnal marsupials. I'd like to keep crewmen Cutler and Novakovich with me overnight to study them. (using communicator) T'Pol to Tucker. Do you require assistance? Less than half a kilometre from here. [Tent one] We've relocated into a cavern. I have no reason to deceive you. Yes, Captain.
Water, carbonated.
Captain?
You wanted to see me, Captain. I'm familiar with it. P'Jem. It's an ancient spiritual retreat. A remote sanctuary for Kolinahr and peaceful meditation. The Vulcan purging of emotion. P'Jem is a place of quiet contemplation, Captain. I'm not certain we'd be welcome. I'll research the proper protocols. It was the Captain's idea. It is a Vulcan sanctuary, if that's what you mean. It could create a certain awkwardness. In infinite combinations. Our mission is to make contact with those whom humans consider new life and new civilisations. I suppose so. It wasn't possible to hail them. The monks consider technology a distraction from their spiritual pursuits. It won't be a problem as long as we observe the proper protocols. When we arrive, we'll be greeted by a Vulcan Elder. You should not speak to him or any member of the order unless spoken to first. If they appear to be meditating, do not approach them or attempt to make conversation. Also, maintain quiet at all times and do not touch or disturb any artefacts, relics or ornamentation. If we arrive at their time of communal kolinahr it's likely we'll be turned away. At the conclusion of our visit we'll be offered the Stone of J'Kah as a gesture of salutation. Accept it, then bow slightly and observe a respectful silence for approximately five seconds. The temple is almost three thousand years old, Commander. You can't expect it to be in pristine condition. (She pulls on a big bell rope. After a few moments, Archer pushes the doors open anyway and they enter.) [Atrium] (T'Pol whispers with the sole man present.) He says we have arrived at the time of kolinahr. The order must remain in silent reflection throughout the lunar cycle. They are not to be disturbed. (to Vulcan) Your service honours us. Before we leave, may I request the offering of the J'Kah stone for my distinguished guests. It's probably nothing. This is the main atrium. There should be more than one member of the order present, and the icon in that shrine is perched at an odd angle. That's not all, Captain. The Vulcan Elder seems agitated. I've heard it can take days to explore this site. (Tucker stoops by the fallen jar.) They're Andorians, Captain. They're known for their suspicious and volatile nature. Yes, sir. They resent our superior reasoning and our technology. They even believe that we intend to mount an invasion on their homeworld. Nine weeks and four days. You get used to it, and I was given a nasal numbing agent. (Two Andorians return with Archer and throw him to the ground before leaving again.) Mister Reed wouldn't be that reckless. You need it more than I do. No. The sound of the transporter alone would alert the guards. They'd start firing before the team was fully resequenced. For what? A fire fight in close quarters with a dozen monks at risk? I'm fine. It's been twenty four hours since I took my nasal numbing agent. The cold is preferable to the odour. An armed assault would put all of our lives at risk, not to mention the destruction of the sanctuary itself. Tensions between Andoria and Vulcan are high. Any casualties would only make matters worse. We don't believe in responding to violence with violence. You're beginning to sound like an Andorian. Are you questioning my loyalty? I have never disobeyed your orders. (rolls over and takes all the blanket with her) [Bridge] That would almost be directly beneath the atrium. Perhaps you have faulty equipment. Yes. I've completed my scans. Sir? Your communicator. (Reed hands it over.) T'POL: T'Pol to Enterprise. The Andorian ship will be leaving the surface momentarily. They're free to go.
Come in.
T'Pol to Archer. Please report to the Bridge. [Bridge] Go ahead, Captain. Understood. [Reactor chamber] How long? The reactor's been destroyed, Captain. We've disarmed the Malurian ship. Should we disable their engines?
The repairs are almost finished, Captain. But there is something I need to speak to you about, in private. (later)
T'Pol to Captain Archer. (Silik draws a weapon, then gestures him to answer.) We've finished the modifications. Mister Daniels is eager to get started.
Captain, I'm detecting a ship dead astern. Eight thousand metres. There are no Vulcan ships within scanning range. It's them.
There's a Minshara class planet less than a light year away. Two, but they're very faint. You've encountered other warp-capable species? No. They did come looking for us, and considering they've already met two other warp-capable species the risk of contamination seems acceptable. We should assign some crewmen to watch Doctor Phlox and his equipment. Your experience with lesser civilisations is limited, Captain. You might be surprised what a temptation our technology can be. (She overhears Hoshi's young man.) No. We may look alike, but the similarity ends there. That's impossible. My teeth were sealed with a tri-fluorinate compound twenty three years ago. I'm sure you have more pressing concerns. I'll come back later. Are you asking out of personal interest or scientific curiosity? In my experience, humans lack the emotional maturity for interspecies relationships. They tend to be easily infatuated with things they find new. This crewman may simply be satisfying her curiosity at your expense. Be careful. [Ready room] We've received twenty nine hails in the past two hours. Apparently, word of our arrival has spread quickly. Other clinics are requesting help. Two orbital spacecraft approached us while you were on the planet. They mistakenly believed that we already had a cure. We had to turn them away. What did you tell them? And? Even if you give them our reactor schematics they don't have the technical expertise to build a warp engine. Then your decision shouldn't be difficult. The Vulcans stayed to help Earth ninety years ago. We're still there.
Were there any survivors? Was there time to remove any of the relics? I won't have time to complete my scans of this sector. I'll ask Ensign Mayweather to finish them. I understand the situation, Captain. I'm certain the High Command will find you a suitable replacement. My assignment to the Enterprise was only supposed to last eight days. It was unrealistic to expect it to continue indefinitely. I am largely responsible for what happened. That won't make any difference. Captain, I was assigned to Enterprise not simply as an observer, but to represent the interests of the Vulcan people. It's clear in the eyes of my superiors I haven't done that. For another forty eight hours. Was there anything else? I haven't received another assignment. My superiors believe that I'm responsible for the destruction of the P'Jem sanctuary. It's the logical conclusion. Pride is a human indulgence. There are three billion inhabitants, mostly concentrated in several cities in the equatorial region. The Vulcan database doesn't contain that information. I am uncertain why I was chosen for this mission. I have a lot of work to complete before the Vulcan ship arrives. We're only a few minutes from the capital. Returning to the ship now would be a waste of fuel. Some kind of fixed wing aircraft. I don't think they're an escort. Ready. Perhaps you should invite him on your next mission. (struggling) That seems unlikely. Unfortunately not. (A light comes on and the door is unlocked. The bags are removed from their heads. Three people are there, male humanoids, bumpy foreheads, slit down the nose, no upper lip.) Stop! He's not a tactical officer. He's the ship's steward. We're here to prepare a banquet for your Chancellor. Perhaps. Yes. Only a few centimetres. No. Yes. Slightly. If we can turn around, face each other. The database is accurate. The Coridan government doesn't view this as a civil war. I believe so. Without the database you wouldn't have found this planet, or P'Jem. Enterprise had no good reason to visit a Vulcan sanctuary. I had the opportunity to protest but I chose not to. (Their wrists are now untied.) It's clear that living among humans has caused my reasoning to become compromised. (They reach around each others waists to free themselves.) I am not running away. No. (Archer takes a lick of the stuff on the plate.) I'm not hungry. What happened? Captain Sopek? I'd like to return to my quarters. You should have consulted me first. That won't be possible. Leaving Sickbay would violate my doctor's orders. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
T'Pol.
Lieutenant Hess. Astrometrics detected what could be micro-singularities in the vicinity of the asteroid field. Our deflectors registered some unusual charged particles at the same time the Tesnian ship began to malfunction. No, but our hull plating was polarised. How are you feeling? Captain Archer would be quite annoyed with me if I told you of your heroics. I believe he's looking forward to doing that himself in the morning. I had no idea you could be so selfless in the face of such danger. Most males of your species would have given in to their fear. Vulcans can never ignore courage. (She sits on the bed and takes his Yes. May I call you Malcolm? I think it's a lovely name. Mol-Kom is the Vulcan word for serenity. Did what? Vulcans don't smile. I've analyzed the scans we took of the Tesnian ship right before it crashed. I believe they were hit by a micro-singularity. This is no myth, Captain. Three of the singularities also hit Enterprise. They collided with our hull plating here, here and here. They were. The dispersal pattern suggests they dissipated on impact. This could be a significant discovery, Captain. If we could get quantum sensor readings of the three impact points, we could authenticate our findings. I never intended to suggest that our crewmembers were less important than a scientific discovery. Even one of this historic magnitude. Yes. About what? Good night, Lieutenant.
(reading bookplate) From the library of Admiral Johnny Archer? This class of vessel hasn't been used for a long time. You're V'tosh ka'tur. That's not possible. I am here as an observer. I'm not capable of feeling offence. Tavin has also requested the recipe for Chicken Marsala. I've been busy. That's unlikely. Just because they smile and eat chicken doesn't mean they've learned to master their emotions. They're not the first ones to attempt this, Captain. Others have tried to reintegrate their emotions. They all failed. What they're doing is dangerous. It is. Most of them are asleep. It's quite late. What would you like? Mint tea. Mint tea, hot. (Liquid pours into the mug and she hands it to him.) You can try something else. Their selection of Vulcan beverages is limited. Yes. Unless you need further assistance (T'Pol starts to leave.) I spent two years at the Vulcan consulate on Earth and seven months on Enterprise. You may be right. On occasion, I also drink chamomile tea. You're easily amused. Captain Archer needs a Science Officer. What makes you say that? I have yet to mediate this evening. Perhaps that's what you're sensing. So you've said. You and your colleagues have chosen a reckless path. History's shown that Vulcans who attempt to embrace their emotions often revert to their primal nature. I've already eaten. Another time, perhaps. [Bridge] Several weeks. No. Not necessarily. It is aesthetically pleasing. It's curious that people who reject Surak's teachings would display his likeness. I doubt many would agree with you. What did you do on Vulcan before you left? You gave up a great deal to wander the galaxy in a transport. Not recently. Once. I should take these readings back to Enterprise. That won't be necessary. I believe I can explain my symptoms. Last night I neglected to meditate before I went to sleep. As a result, I awoke feeling agitated. All I need is an injection of inaprovaline. Twenty five milligrams should suffice. I've become acquainted with one of them. He suggested that my dreams might be more interesting if I didn't meditate. He was wrong. They were unsettling. It was a foolish thing to do. There are too many risks. It would be unwise to continue. Thank you, Doctor. [Ready room] Thank you. The lateral sensors were out of alignment. I haven't had a chance to scan the disodium layer. Yes. I'd rather not discuss them. (backing away) I plan to resume meditating tonight. It was a mistake to try in the first place. I'm reading over twenty million cubic metres of disodium as well as traces of ethylchlorate. It involved a memory. I was walking down a street in San Francisco on Earth. I was curious about human recreation. I wanted to see it for myself. It was late. Everyone in the compound had gone to sleep. I didn't see any harm in leaving for a couple of hours. I simply walked. Then I heard music. It was unusual, chaotic, but I was drawn to it. I went into a restaurant where musicians were playing. I sat at a table. I can't remember. I felt invigorated. Briefly. They finished playing and I returned to the compound. Mind meld? How does it work? Proceed. It's not working. (telepathically) Yes. (telepathically) Yes. I don't know. I have to return to the compound. Let me go. No! [T'Pol's quarters] Stop! This was a mistake. Please go. Leave! TOLARIS: You're feeling anger. Your emotions are breaking the surface. Embrace them! (leaving) What a shame. (After the door closes T'Pol falls to the floor, then crawls to a comm. panel.) T'Pol to Sickbay. [Engineering] Come in. Not at all. Has the Vulcan ship left? Then yes, I'm feeling better. Every night. Is it enjoyable? I envy you. Goodnight. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Vulcans are revered for their accomplishments, not for the way they look. It's a rogue. A planet that's broken out of its orbit. This planet supports a diverse animal population. Hot gas is vented from the planet's interior. Most of the life forms are concentrated in those areas. No evidence of humanoid life. I'm scanning for a break in the canopy. There's a clearing ahead, nine hundred metres, but it's not much bigger than the shuttlepod. Captain, the vessel is that way, six hundred metres. Captain. (They draw phase pistols and switch on the night vision monocles, to see a multi-legged creature crawling up a tree.) I'm still not detecting any biosigns, but their ship's less than two hundred metres in that direction. Yes. For a moment, I had a humanoid biosign. It's gone. (Again we see them through another's eyes.) Have we trespassed in your territory? You're hunters. To kill the indigenous species? Perhaps you were dreaming. Are those volcanic vents? It's more like the grottoes of Deneva Prime. I'm detecting a large geothermal shaft sixty metres in that direction. I'd like to examine it. Sir? Are you all right? There's no internal damage but he's lost a great deal of blood. What did she say? I believe you should reconsider returning to Enterprise. So the only logical conclusion is that she is a real human woman? How? I'll go with you. A well-armed hunter was nearly killed today. It would be foolish to go into the jungle alone. Is that your only reason for going by yourself? With respect, Captain, I wonder if you would be so determined to find this apparition if it were a scantily-clad man. [Sickbay] Do you hunt on your own world? They sound like intelligent, sentient beings. I find this as distasteful as you do, Captain. I'm just not sure how we can stop them. We have no right to, in any case. Even if we stop them, their people will continue to come here and hunt. They've done it for hundreds of years.
Commander. I assume you have an explanation. That artefact you brought back from the lunar surface. It must have been placed there intentionally. When I opened it, the canister released some kind of gas. (The door opens, T'Pol lies down again and Trip hides.) There are times I wish Vulcans hadn't learned to repress their violent tendencies. What about the others? Whatever put the others to sleep didn't affect me in the same way. My body works differently than the humans. That's the name of their species. They're a terrible race. Deceitful, cruel. It wasn't my choice. I'm a captive here. They've enslaved me. Please, take me with you. I'm well-trained in the arts of pleasure, but I'm not familiar with oo-mox. Like this? (She does a double handed caress.) And this? Perfectly. (Archer holds out his manacled wrists.) Not that interesting. No sense of humour. Always complaining. How?
My courage doesn't need testing. We haven't detected any inhabited planets on long range scans. Why didn't you? The atmosphere is thin, but breathable. As the trader said, none. No power signatures. It appears to be deserted. Nothing. I heard something. No. Vulcans don't imagine things. The creeps? No. No. Fear is a primitive emotion. When I was recalled from Enterprise by the High Command, I learned the crew was preparing a 'going-away' party. I found the prospect somewhat frightening. (Archer and Travis are also exploring) Something wrong? There's someone here. There aren't. There's a space behind this bulkhead. (Trip uses his phase pistol to cut the door open. They go through to another door which opens to reveal an area filled with lush plants.) There appears to be a dampening field in this section of the ship. I'm reading a power source but I can't pinpoint its location. Is this your vessel? (She gets out her communicator and activates the UT.) Can you understand me? How long have you been here? These relays are cross-circuited. Efficient, but I'll need to reconnect the Bridge systems. That's not necessary. I can take care of it. Perhaps she can help you then. By the way you keep talking about her you obviously appreciate her technical expertise. So was the female engineer on the Xyrillian ship. I'm simply noting that the last time you found someone this competent you wound up carrying her child. (Liana enters bearing a tray with fruit on it.) Not at all. Commander Tucker and I were just discussing his previous repair experience. No, thank you. (to Trip) I'm going to remove those power shunts on the Bridge. (T'Pol leaves.) Your computer core? These are optronic relays. Not at all. I've done as much as I can do for now. I need to return to Enterprise to analyse the data. If you'll excuse me. (She turns around to find more crewmembers behind her.) I need to contact my ship. I don't understand.
Are you all right? We're picking up [Bridge] Captain? Go ahead. He's approaching the compound. Two minutes. Go ahead, Captain. I'll let him know.
T'Pol to Lieutenant Reed. We've made some progress on the translation, but we're going to need to get into the cargo bay to test it. Is the forcefield ready? You'll have to do it quickly. Doctor Phlox says our people don't have much time.
Captain, report to the Bridge. [Bridge]
We're picking up a distress call, Captain. It's coming from a vessel approximately two light years to port. No, sir. Should we alter course? I need to speak to you, Captain. It's urgent. Are you alone? According to him [Bridge]
This is T'Pol.
Bridge to Captain Archer. We're approaching the colony. Understood.
They'd gone to Earth to investigate the launch of its first artificial satellite, called Sputnik. [Captain's mess] So they took whatever employment they could find while they waited for the rescue vessel to arrive. (Stron is doing plumbing, and cheating by using his weapon to solder a leaky U-bend, while Mestral has joined the miners underground.) But as the weeks passed, it seemed less likely that their distress call had been received, and it became more difficult for them to avoid the humans. (Later,  a broadcast of the White Sands test is on the TV screen behind the bar.) After rescuing the twelve miners, Mestral became something of a hero that day. [Captain's mess]
(Bridge} Captain Archer is no longer aboard Enterprise. Come see for yourself, or send your soldiers. You'll realise I'm telling the truth. This is Sub-Commander T'Pol. All security teams remain where you are. There are thirty armed vessels surrounding us. Unless I'm mistaken their weapons are still targeting our warp core. Mister Reed? So, unless you have a better suggestion? (The Suliban pods dock with Enterprise.) [Wrecked plaza] Don't you believe your scanners? Captain Archer believed Crewman Daniels was from the future, but if I recall, you killed him. Nothing else. The last time we saw Captain Archer, he was entering that turbolift. Under the circumstances, it would be best to do what he says, Commander. [Starfleet Headquarters, San Francisco] (It's a beautiful sunny morning.) I don't know. The Vulcan Science Directorate has determined that time travel is impossible. It's not an opinion. Captain Archer believes Crewman Daniels comes from the future. Captain Archer claims he saw Daniels two days ago. The Vulcan Science Directorate has determined that time travel is impossible. [Wrecked city - outdoors] I don't know where he is. (T'Pol is still dopey from the drugs and interrogation.) Captain Archer's gone. A temporal reading in the turbolift. I don't know where he is. Science Vulcan Directorate has determined that time travel is not fair. We're all confined to our quarters. I told you, in my quarters. There's a Helix out my window. You're on the ceiling. Why aren't you on a monitor? I thought you said you were in the future. Yes. There's no time. If this is going to work, we need to begin now. Ensign Sato. Forty metres, maybe forty five. [Hoshi's quarters] Third dimension, timeline. Timeline, first, second, First, third dimension. No! No! No! (Tucker and Reed drop down from the ceiling.) T'POL: No! Stop! (They hypo the Suliban and drag them away.) [Reed's quarters] If they regain consciousness don't hesitate to use these. (The hyposprays.) Ready. (Tucker rushes to the warp controls. Over on the Helix, Silik is trying to use the future device.) [Bridge](Alarms are You may have overdone your pyrotechnic display. The scorching on the starboard nacelle is extensive. Maintain your course and speed, Ensign. [Helix - Temporal communications chamber] Alter course ten degrees starboard. Are long-range sensors still operational? I see them. Stand down weapons. Open a channel. Enterprise to Suliban vessel. Lieutenant Reed suffered some minor injuries, but he's recovering in Sickbay. Captain, I'm curious. Why didn't the other Cell ships try to stop you? Permission granted. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. We've joined the Vulcan ship D'kyr. It seems that Starfleet and the High Command are eager to discuss the future of our mission. [Bridge] Come in. She tends to be discreet. What can I do for you? You spoke to the Admiral? I assume with good news. I still don't believe in time travel.
I'm sorry to interrupt, Captain, but we've detected an uncharted system along our present course. One of the planets is Minshara-Class. We're ready.
The Kreetassans manufacture plasma injectors. We need one. We obviously offended them again. Yes. I think we should discuss this in your ready room. [Ready room] Do you recall the stand of trees outside the Hall of Diplomacy? They're Alvera trees, over three hundred years old. The Kreetassans consider the Alvera trees cultural treasures. Apparently, Porthos urinated on one of them. It is understandable. I conveyed your sincerest apologies to the Chancellery. They're discussing possible acts of contrition. I don't need to remind you that Commander Tucker is relying on us. Are you referring to your pride? Not yet. They're not interested in punishing you. They only want an appropriate apology. For what? You shouldn't have brought your dog on a diplomatic mission, especially considering we had previously offended the Kreetassans. You're once again ignoring the consequences of your actions. You obviously place more importance on the quality of the air your pet breathes than on the quality of the plasma that drives your ship. (She speeds up her machine again.) I'm not questioning your pluralities. I'm questioning your priorities. Not when it pertains to primitive quadrupeds who haven't developed the ability to speak or to use a toilet. (She stops her treadmill and gets off.) I obviously can't keep up with you. (comm. beeps) T'Pol. (Archer stops his machine and mops his brow.) I thought you might be hungry. You read the Kreetassan's document? I understand. Ensign Sato and I have broken down the reconciliation demands into specific categories, if you're interested in reviewing them. I'm sorry to have interrupted. I took the liberty of temporarily synchronising our clocks to the Kreetassan's capital city. Mister Tucker reports that the new plasma injector is operating Evidently the finesse you exhibited outside the Hall of Diplomacy was appreciated. That's not necessary. There's no need to apologise. Friction is to be expected whenever people work in close quarters for extended periods of time. Then it's good that you're my superior officer. That we're not in a position to allow ourselves to become attracted to one another, hypothetically. If we were, the friction that you speak of could be much more problematic. [Sickbay]
Captain, we're receiving response to the distress call. [Bridge] T'Pol to Captain Archer. You're needed in Launch Bay one immediately. [Launch Bay one] (Phlox is examining Travis's supine body.)
Try to strike me. You won't hurt me.
Yes? It's all right. Is something wrong? Where? Are you certain it's him? Captain. No, thank you. Admiral Forrest will be calling you this afternoon, sir. I was contacted by the Vulcan High Command last night. They've requested my services regarding a matter of security. He should be contacting you this afternoon. The Admiral will inform you that Enterprise will be asked to alter course to the Pernaia system, where I will need a shuttlepod and a pilot for three to five days. A Vulcan ship will rendezvous with the shuttlepod when my mission is completed. Admiral Forrest will be contacting you this afternoon. Cold-weather gear, restraints and phase pistols. [Archer's quarters] (Archer is in bed, bouncing a ball against the bulkhead when the door bell chimes.) Your orders to bring me to Pernaia came from Starfleet, not the High Command. I have a personal matter I'd like to discuss. (She deliberately moves to block his view of the game on his desk monitor. He switches it I completed my training seventeen years ago. Are you familiar with a planet called Agaron? Not always. Agaron was a very corrupt world. When their leaders were first trying to forge an alliance with Vulcan they asked for our assistance. That was nearly thirty years ago. Hundreds of our agents were surgically altered and sent to infiltrate the most criminal factions of Agaron society. Eventually, they were instrumental in the overthrow of those factions. I'm not that old, Captain. After the alliance was formalised, the Vulcan agents were recalled. They all returned voluntarily, all but nineteen. The Ministry of Security sent a team of newly-trained operatives to retrieve them. I was only able to apprehend five of the six fugitives assigned to me. The Ministry considers it a matter of honour. I'd like you to come with me. The man I'm being sent to apprehend is extremely dangerous. It would be wise for me to have assistance. I'd prefer it if you'd come with me, Captain. I need to be with someone I can trust. If you don't wish to help me, I understand. Good night. (gets up to leave) Menos. Yes. Before he was sent to Agaron, the dorsal lobes of his ears were surgically altered. The ridge on his forehead was added sometime afterward. He was assigned to infiltrate a cell of smugglers. He learned their craft. He became very proficient at it, amassed a large fortune. Synthetic biotoxins used to manufacture transgenic weapons. I spent three months trying to find him. He used his wealth wisely. Whenever I'd get close, I'd find he'd left a day or two before. Only once, on Risa. They thought they were invulnerable. He. He thought he was invulnerable there, that no one would think to look for him on such a peaceful place. I got very close. Twenty metres, maybe ten. (She has a memory of running through foliage.) I never found him again. No one did. Not until now. (It's snowing when the shuttlepod lands by some buildings on the side of a mountain.) [Tavern] (Many different races have come here to drink, and other things, when the three enter in their thermal gear. T'Pol's scanner is beeping.) He's here. Within thirty metres. He saw me. I'm not certain. (Archer jumps onto a table and whistles to Travis, then ducks as shots are fired towards him. It's Menos trying to make his escape. An alien snarls something at Archer.) Follow me. [Captain's mess] (Trip is watching a water polo match on a monitor when the door bell chimes.) We just need to get him to our ship. The Ministry of Security very clear about that. He works alone. I wouldn't. It may be a weapon. The information that I was given says that you buy high grade biotoxins and sell them to anyone who will meet your price. (pulling a knife) You're a liar. He's not telling the truth. He says he has a ship full of injector casings. (They head outside.) Spent injector casings. I want to speak to Menos alone. Would you allow me to do that? Who is Jossen? Who is Jossen? Tell me who he is. Where did I meet him? You're telling me lies. I followed you to Risa, no one else. I bribed the Tellarite transport captain who brought you there. He told me exactly where to find you. I wasn't looking for anyone else. I killed him. Stop talking. I said, stop talking! There were seven. I was sent to bring back seven fugitives, not six. Menos had a partner, or a friend. I'm not sure. His name was Jossen. I followed them both to Risa, not just Menos. The day I told you I saw Menos and lost him, I saw Jossen as well. They tried to escape. Jossen fell to the ground. He began to reach for his weapon. I had forgotten all of it, until today. Have you heard of the Fullara? It's an obsolete Vulcan ritual where the memory of an event is repressed along with the emotions associated with it. Fullara. When I returned to Vulcan, I was unsettled. I resigned my position with the Ministry and sought guidance at the Sanctuary of P'Jem. For months, one of the Elders worked with me to control the guilt, to restrain the despair of having taken a life, but the feelings remained. I suppose I was never certain what his intentions were. The Elder had no choice but to perform the ritual. When I left the Sanctuary I didn't remember anything about Jossen or the Fullara. When the first call came in about this new mission. Maybe that's why I wanted you with me. What if Jossen wasn't a smuggler? What if he was innocent? Then it wouldn't have mattered whether he intended to use that weapon or not. Menos's ship was filled with injector casings, nothing else. He has a family. Our scans should be able to confirm if he's dying of radiation poisoning. Where's Menos? He's not here. Why risk using his own vessel? He'd know we'd follow him. Any one of them. When we return to Enterprise I'll inform the Vulcan ship that Menos escaped. If the High Command wishes, they can question as many of the vessels that left here as they can find. He's obviously gone. I may have killed an innocent man seventeen years ago. I don't know. What's the difference? That's impossible. I went to P'Jem. They performed the ritual. Yes. (Archer throws a pistol to Travis who takes a position near the door.) Stop! Captain? Because I trust you. (scanning the canisters revealed by the missing forcefield) Biotoxins. If one of our weapons had struck this. I guess he was.(The shuttlepod returns to Enterprise.) Captain's Starlog, supplemental. The Vulcan ship Nyran was waiting at the prearranged coordinates. After transferring Menos to their custody, we've returned to Enterprise. [Ready room] No, sir. No, it's not. That won't be necessary. I was much younger then. You do have a way of putting questionable actions behind you. If you ever need someone you can trust.
They now believe their enemy is capable of creating genetically-enhanced soldiers, not to mention particle weapons.
Science officer's log, August 14, 2152. Enterprise remains on course for the trinary system. I've transmitted a distress call but the nearest Vulcan ship is more than nine days away. By the time they arrive, they may only find debris, if that. Even if Enterprise makes it past the black hole without being destroyed, it seems likely the crew won't survive. [T'Pol's quarters] The crew's bio-signs were growing erratic. I began to doubt any of them would survive more than a few hours. [T'Pol's quarters]
You're needed on the Bridge, Ensign. Eleven hundred hours. There's been an emergency. Now, Ensign. [Bridge] Yes, Captain? Right away.
Retellian cargo pilots. The seal is secure. (The hatches are opened and Archer steps through to shake hands. The visitors have flat ends to their noses.) Commander Tucker is resourceful. I'm sure he'll be able to assist you. What about it? I'll show you to the docking port. Dilithium hydroxls. Ionised pyrosulfates. Where were you taking your passenger? Has the accused been informed of the charges? How much do you weigh? Your weight. Height? Does your culture observe any postmortem rituals? They've granted me complete autonomy in these matters. If I had to consult my superiors every time I made a ruling it would defeat my purpose here. We'll convene at eighteen hundred hours.
Bridge to Captain Archer. We've got an alien vessel approaching. They're hailing us. Yes, sir. We're in position.
Many of these moons have atmospheres that contain selenium isotopes. That's most likely what's affecting our sensors. Sixty two. An Arkonian military vessel. No, but I'm aware of their reputation. If we're in their territory, we should proceed with extreme caution. We've searched five of the moons. No sign of Commander Tucker or the Arkonian ship. It appears they've made no progress either. They're continuing to search the moons they agreed to. I'm afraid they don't trust us. Primarily because I'm a Vulcan. We made First Contact nearly a hundred years ago, not long after the Arkonians developed warp drive. But from the beginning, our relations were difficult. Your people accepted Vulcan guidance, opened diplomatic and cultural exchanges. The Arkonians were suspicious and deceitful. Eventually, the High Command withdrew its contingent. It doesn't appear promising. For now. I'd advise you to remain cautious. Arkonians are unpredictable. They're prone to hostility. I'll keep that in mind. Let me know when we reach the next moon. [Alien's campfire] (There's enough light coming over the horizon for Tucker to turn off his torch. The alien is watching as he tries to connect a piece of equipment to an aerial, and gets an electric shock.) See for yourself. (A diagram of the moons orbiting the gas giant, with colours.) It's a thermo-kinetic analysis of e moons. Each of them undergoes extreme temperature variations during their orbits. At night, it can drop to five or even ten degrees below zero. During the day, the temperature can rise to as high as one hundred and seventy degrees. And that we find him before the sun rises. [Trip's campfire] (Tucker is tying Zho'Kaan hand and foot.) The surface temperature is rising quickly, Commander. I estimate it will reach one hundred thirty degrees within the next hour. The encounter was less volatile than I expected. You managed to establish better relations in a single day than the Vulcans have in a century.
The treatment's no longer effective? It's too great a risk. I'd be taken off Enterprise. It's too great a risk. I wasn't aware he was gone. It is the first I.M.E. conference he's attended in over a year. There are over one million physicians on Vulcan. I haven't spoken to anyone on the surface. Of course. You are physicians. Why would you need me to define an illness? It's an incurable degradation of the synaptic pathways. It also affects the endocrine and immune systems. Through a telepathic practice. Mind-melds. They cause a disruption of neuroelectric impulses in the mid-brain, which can lead to the early stages of the syndrome. I'd appreciate it if you'd tell me why you asked me here. They're Vulcan. I'm not familiar with any of them. Not well, but I've met a number of them. I don't understand what your questions have to do with the Doctor's request. You travelled up from the surface to tell Doctor Phlox you wouldn't help him? Sir? It's none of their concern. The disease is not contagious. If we had told you there's nothing you could have done. If the High Command was to learn that I was infected, I would most likely lose my commission. It's not about the disease. It's about the people who are capable of transmitting it. There are certain Vulcans, a small minority, who are born with the ability to perform a very intimate form of telepathy. A melding of minds. They are part of the telepathic minority. One of the reasons why they left Vulcan was to escape prejudice. Their behaviour is considered unnatural. They're seen as a threat. No. It wasn't by choice. One of the men on that ship. I have no intention of telling them. I have my reasons. Yes. Transfer it here. I just received a message from Doctor Yuris. The youngest. He asked me to meet him in a northern section of the city. I believe he wants to help. He asked me to come alone. [Deleted scene - Shuttlepod] I beg your pardon? That's correct. There's a landing port about a kilometre south of the meeting place. You worry about your crew. I didn't want you to worry about me. [City - evening] What is it? You've taken a great risk by bringing this to me. Why? Why jeopardise your career to help someone you despise? You know I'm not a member of the minority. What if I didn't choose? Are you infected? You can't jeopardise your position. Thank you for this. [Mess hall] As we've seen, they're not very motivated to develop a cure. No, I haven't. You spoke with them. Have they notified the High Command? I won't do that. I have Pa'nar Syndrome. It doesn't make a difference how I contracted it. He is not right. If I use that as a defence as a way to keep from being taken off Enterprise, I'd be condoning their prejudice, and in the process, indicting every member of the minority. I won't do that. [Vulcan medical area] Come in. (Archer comes in and sits down.) T'POL: Lieutenant Reed told me you went to the surface. I assume you were unsuccessful. They'll never agree. I have no interest in challenging their decision. You need to understand. I won't tell them how I got the disease. They haven't elected to do anything. They're born with this ability. There are no rules telling you to oppress minorities. No, I'm being recalled because you're afraid of anything that doesn't conform to your idea of acceptable behaviour. You gave me your word. Why? So you can perpetuate your double standard? Condemn the infected when they meld by choice and sympathise with them when they don't? I have nothing to say to them. [Sickbay] (In front of the new neutron microscope.) That was to be expected. Also to be expected. With your permission, I'll be contacting the High Command. I don't intend to let Yuris be dismissed without a fight. Maybe this incident will encourage others to speak out.
They're rated for one hundred and twenty. When the Andorians first arrived a century ago, they began to terraform the planet. Once an atmosphere was developed, they established a settlement. Its sole value is its strategic location near Vulcan space. It was the only logical conclusion. How much evidence would you need if the Klingons decided to set up a colony on Pluto? The Andorians refused to let the High Command inspect the colony. So, they annexed Paan Mokar to protect their territory. They were removed. They left the High Command little choice. A surveillance satellite was put into orbit to monitor the agreement. The planet's been deserted for nearly a century. It's the Andorian jamming signal. I'm entering the landing coordinates they gave us. Did you have a chance to read the Territorial Compromise? The Compromise is at the heart of this dispute. It's worth your attention. Did you glance at any of the other materials I sent to your quarters? V'Lar's treatise on negotiating tactics is the definitive text on the subject. Glancing. Ambassador Soval clearly believes you'll fail. I was hoping some advance preparation would help you prove him wrong. I assume you have a strategy? And then? Yes. (They move through the buildings.) Captain. You provoked this situation when you violated the Territorial After you set up a military outpost here. Is there something you'd like to discuss? As Shran said, this is a provocative issue. However, I think you did well. But my opinion often differs from the High Command's. [Conference room] Engaging an Andorian vessel could be construed as an act of war. It's a human expression. It means the next move is yours. [Launch bay] Weapons fire. I can't pinpoint the source. (We see it is coming from several points in the colony.) We're still within their jamming range. Direct hit to our starboard engine. Main power is offline. We're losing altitude. Two hundred metres. One hundred metres. Fifty. We need to reduce our speed. You were with the occupation force? The Vulcan units must be advancing their positions. Captain. I believe they're envious. I am aware of that. We believed they needed our help when they first developed warp drive. That hasn't changed. I find the work gratifying. I was onboard Enterprise at the time. I felt my opinion would be welcomed. Just because Captain Archer has earned my respect doesn't mean I Those are Andorian weapons. It isn't life-threatening but he needs medical attention. Have you considered there might be Andorians who would want a war with Vulcan? With your permission, I'll escort Ambassador Soval to the airlock.
None that I can detect, but its hull seems to be scattering our sensors. Captain. This might be a hatch. He's human. [Sickbay] There aren't any ships or inhabited systems for several light years. How could he have travelled this far? We haven't found any. [Launch bay two] It's Suliban. Minimal weapons. I don't believe it's a combat ship. They're charging weapons. Forward plating is holding. Their weapons have been disabled. Sir? It could it tell us what happened, maybe even who built the vessel. I'm not certain Daniels would approve of this. A Vulcan cruiser. I don't recognise the configuration. Few Vulcans have ever chosen to mate with another species. There are significant biological differences between the species. It's unlikely we could reproduce. Humans and Vulcans. The dorsal section is the wrong shape. This says it's powered by a temporal displacement drive. Assuming the vessel is from the future, why haven't they retrieved it? The vessel's Tholian. They're extremely xenophobic. The High Command has had limited contact with them. Captain, it's unusual for Tholians to travel this far from their system. They're believe to be a non-humanoid species. They've locked on to us with a tractor beam. Please. The Captain asked me to perform a metallurgical analysis of the vessel's hull. I've discovered several unusual alloys. One of them is in a semi-fluidic state. To say the least. That's his theory. Perhaps. It's not an opinion. It's simple logic. Are you saying you believe time travel is possible? I prefer to embrace logic. If you'll excuse me, Doctor. Captain, the craft is emitting some type of high-energy particles. (They go down the steps to join her.) The radiation could have affected your perception of time. Can I speak with you? [Ready room] I'm not certain we'll survive that long. We've attracted the attention of two hostile species. It's logical to assume they're searching for us. Perhaps you should destroy the vessel. Assuming for the moment the Temporal Cold War exists, I believe we shouldn't get involved. Your curiosity is placing Enterprise in unnecessary danger. Captain. If the Suliban return, they may be cloaked. I recommend we go to Tactical Alert. [Engineering] They're matching our speed. Less than three minutes. Six hundred thousand kilometres. Two hundred thousand kilometres. The crew's alive. The vessel is disabled. The cell ships have dropped out of warp. (The Suliban and Tholians begin fighting each other.) How many? We're prepared to surrender it to you, but our launch bay doors took heavy damage. We're going to need more time. I have a repair team working on it, but they estimate it will take Seal the hatches and send security teams. [Launch bay two] (Archer removes the warhead.) It dematerialised, and it's not aboard the Tholian ships. They may have only wanted the vessel. Their warp drive is damaged, but life support is stable. There's no evidence to support that. As the captain of the Tal'Kir pointed out, a ship can be replaced. I'm sure the gesture would be appreciated. The High Command has asked me to prepare a report on this incident, with your permission. They're more likely to believe in time travel. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Lieutenant? Biosigns? Sensor logs? Set a course for Keto-Enol.  [Prison transport - Bridge] We're on an exploratory mission. We believe our Captain and Chief Engineer were abducted after visiting your planet. We don't know. Let us send you their descriptions. Perhaps you could find out if any of your officers have seen them.  [Prison transport] (Bowls of porridge-like stuff are being handed out to the prisoners.) Where are they? I trust you'll accompany us to ensure there are no further mistakes.  [Prison transport] Your transport vessel? Try hailing them. Increase our speed to warp four point two. Contact them.  [Prison transport] Are your superiors aware that there are two innocent humans aboard? Drop to impulse. Take us into the system. Any human biosigns? Patrol ship? Magnify. Where's it heading? They may have come to rescue Kuroda. How heavily armed is it?
Their ship is deteriorating, and they have no way to repair it. They can't survive in space. Those six switches control the feed. You're going to have to recalibrate them in sequence for CO2. [Atmosphere control]
Twenty seven. I've already given the order. Considering the alternative was to set the ship adrift, I anticipated your decision. Where do you plan to take them? Empires tend to expand. They may eventually discover they haven't travelled far enough. It's a D5 battle cruiser. I doubt it's bringing supplies. Their maximum speed is warp six. Nothing unusual. Methane ice, isolytic plasma. Diamagnetic dust. The Klingon ship will be here in less than eleven minutes. They're pursuing. Ten thousand metres. (A bang and a shower of The Klingons have only allowed us to remain here during the trial. We're to leave immediately. We don't have a choice. It's quite inhospitable. We're deep inside Klingon territory. A rescue attempt is out of the question. The Captain isn't. He made it clear he didn't want us to endanger the crew on his behalf. I'm saying a rescue isn't an option, but there are diplomatic channels. Not all of them. I've dealt with several Klingon bureaucrats in the past. Some of them can be persuaded. Mister Mayweather, take us out of orbit. [Rura Pente] (Down inside the ice and snow covered planet, prisoners wearing ragged furs against the cold mine dilithium by hand.)
And the imaging relays? You should have plenty of time to practice your harmonica. I have no interest in horror movies. I was hoping for something more serious. I've been coerced into watching tonight's movie. (Phlox gives her a hypospray.) Don't be surprised if you see me here again afterwards. I have little doubt my headache will return. [Corridor] (Enterprise has rendezvoused with the Horizon.) I've deployed the imaging relays. Approximately thirty hours. The holometric camera still need to be calibrated. If the sensors are calibrated by then. According to the database, Frankenstein is also a work of literature. Perhaps a dramatic reading would be more illuminating. They'd be more likely to appreciate the author's true intent. I don't understand how sitting silently in a darkened room constitutes fraternising. I beg your pardon? I'm reviewing this morning's sensor data. (turning around) We can stop the film if it's disturbing your conversation. There is something similar. a discipline known as tarul-etek. It uses disturbing imagery to provoke an emotional response. I don't understand why humans would feel compelled to frighten themselves. Cardiovascular activity would be more efficient. There were many medical inaccuracies. I thought the protagonist was interesting. No, his creation. From my perspective, this was the story of an individual persecuted by humans because he was different. In many ways, the film seemed quite prophetic. The reaction of the villagers, for example. It was similar to the reception Vulcans received after landing on Earth. Nevertheless, many humans reacted with fear and anger. I'm going to recommend that Ambassador Soval watch the film. I believe it would help Vulcans who've recently arrived on Earth. On the contrary. I'm looking forward to Bride of Frankenstein. Captain. I'm reading biosigns on the planet. To quote Doctor Frankenstein, it's alive. It appears that several microbial species which live underground are being unearthed by the volcanic activity.
One of the transports leaving the planet just declared an emergency. In a low orbit. six hundred kilometres below us. May I join you? If you wish to be alone. Slowly. The damage was extensive. How is your patient? That's unfortunate. Why not? Did you go? Your children are fortunate to have a father who taught them to embrace other cultures. Are you all right? We're locked onto the co-ordinates. The Xantoras have mobilized their military patrols. They'll detect a shuttle launch.
Go ahead. I think it would be best if you come back immediately, sir. There's been an incident. [Ready room]
 I've located the transport on long-range sensors. They're traveling at warp four point eight.  How much longer?  Acknowledged. [Arctic transport]  Do we have weapons? [Maintenance area]
It could be a phantom reading, background radiation. But never in such dense concentration. Even with modified sensors there wouldn't be much to see. Those tests involved very small quantities. This structure is nearly ten million kilometres in diameter. I've brought some sensor enhancements. We'll find them useful in mapping the nebula, if it's there. This is a scientific mission. It's only logical to bring your Science Officer. Commander Tucker obviously didn't remind you that Starfleet regulations prohibit the Captain from leaving the ship unaccompanied. (The shuttlepod launches.) We should reach the edge of the phenomenon in two hours, forty six minutes. I can pass the time by meditating, but if you'd prefer to talk? Would you like to join me? You seem quite unsettled since your call from Admiral Forrest. Commander Tucker was reluctant to discuss it as well, though he did mention an old colleague had died. I'm somewhat familiar with Starfleet history. I've never heard of a Captain Robinson. From what you've told me, your relationship seemed adversarial. He did have a point. It does take more than piloting ability to command a starship. Fortunately, you seem to have developed the necessary skills. An observation. I assume Captain Robinson's flight was successful? The readings could be misleading. Optimism doesn't alter the law of physics. What happened? I was referring to Captain Robinson. His test flight. I suppose we'll never know. Who would have won. (An alarm sounds.) Main power is fluctuating. There was a surge in the EPS grid. It was probably nothing more than a simple malfunction. I'm not detecting any dark matter. Even if you're right, it may be dangerous to proceed. Another surge could disable life support. You obviously admired this man. And yet he cracked your molar. To say the least. I thought you said he was responsible for nearly ending the programme. The history of your early warp flights is well-documented, but I've never read anything about two Starfleet pilots stealing the warp three prototype. I have no doubt it happened, though I find it difficult to believe you had to be convinced to participate. The particle density has nearly doubled. Shall we try again? (two more bangs still only make a little purple glow) Perhaps we should head back. Was your test flight successful? Still, the NX programme continued. The particle density has increased again. It appears so. (the area gradually lights up with ribbons of pinky purple) Fascinating. This data will certainly cause a debate at the Science Directorate. I have to monitor the quantum field. Captain Robinson clearly wanted to command Enterprise as much as you did. Your charges were effective. I believe there's a human custom that says when you discover something of merit, you earn the right to name it. I was thinking the Robinson nebula would be more appropriate. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
I'm on my way to the Bridge. 
 If this time traveller is trying to protect humanity, why didn't he tell you all this before millions of people were killed?  It's Duras.
Captain. [Bridge] Yes, Doctor.
Captain to the Bridge. [Bridge] Go ahead. Understood. (The pod flies into the massive hollow interior.)
Send a security team to the surface. We're being altered by some kind of
Is that sufficient pressure?
Let me go. Let me go! (She tries to strangle Archer.) I'll kill you. You liar! No! Get away from me. (T'Pol screams as she's strapped down.) What's he doing? He's trying to kill me! You killed the others. Murderers! Get away! (She screams until Archer holds her head and she is finally sedated, then she is rolled into the Imaging Chamber.) One Day Earlier [Command Centre] Captain. I would have helped you do that. Not at the moment. Movie night? I recognise the transponder frequency. It's the Seleya. They entered the Expanse nine months ago. The asteroids are moving in a chaotic fashion. Their paths are unpredictable. It may be the result of some spatial anomalies. Approximately two thousand kilometres dead ahead. Twelve hundred kilometres. I could take the helm if you'd like. A great deal. I served on it for over a year. It was my last assignment before joining the consulate on Earth. I was the deputy science officer under Captain Voris. They were attempting to chart the thermobaric perimeter. After several days they reported that they'd become caught in some kind of subspace eddy and were being pulled into the Expanse. It was their final transmission. The Vankaara was sent to find them. You already know what happened to that crew. Directly ahead, two hundred metres. I'm reading multiple biosigns. The starboard docking port is still intact. [Seleya] (They climb into a wreck - spluttering electrics and debris scattered around.) I'm reading biosigns on this deck. I can't isolate them. One biosign. (They open another bulkhead, and get attacked by Vulcan with iron bar. Archer is cut, T'Pol   tries to takes their assailant down with a phaser but has little effect. Archer finally gets him.) I'm fine. (She scans the Vulcan.) T'POL: His synaptic pathways have been severely damaged. Captain! (Two more Vulcans approach.) Seven more, that direction, thirty metres. What are you doing? These are Vulcan officers and we're on a rescue mission. You heard me! No. (They're attacked from behind.) T'POL: That way. If their comm. system's intact we may be able to contact Enterprise from the Bridge. Seven decks above us. Assuming the entire crew is still alive, one hundred and forty seven. The bay's depressurised, probably from an asteroid impact. That'll be difficult. All four bulkheads leading to the airlock have been sealed. It's two decks up. Since we've come aboard, I've been experiencing anxiety. Whatever's happened to this crew may be starting to affect me. I'm not a doctor. I'll do my best. His name is Solin. When I served here he was It's already started. I can feel my control slipping away. It's too late. There's an auxiliary control room on the Engineering deck. I don't need your help. [Seleya compartment] (They come out into an area with fallen girders and spluttering cables.) Thank you. A common misconception. We have emotions. We simply keep them suppressed, under control. Something has obviously caused them to lose that control. There was a time in the past when we were an extremely violent race. We nearly destroyed ourselves. Paranoia and homicidal rage were common. [Seleya crawlway] The transceiver's been damaged. What! There's an auxiliary transmitter. If I can get access to it we may be able to contact Enterprise. What did you do? These aren't sequenced correctly. You overloaded the locking mechanism! It's pointless. The circuits are damaged! I should have been watching him. You didn't want me to see. Now I know what you were doing in the Command Centre. The Xindi starcharts. You were analysing them behind my back, undermining my work. The warp reactor is unstable as it is. Disrupting main power could shut down the anti-matter containment. You'd cause a reactor breach. You want to kill all of us. (pulls out her phase pistol) You don't trust Vulcans. You never have. Don't think I've forgotten. You blamed us for holding you back, for undermining your father's work. Now you've decided to take revenge. (Archer and Reed step forward) I'll fire! You're lying. You want to kill them. He's lying. He wants them all to die. They won't let you destroy this ship. No! Murderer! No, no, no. (Archer manhandles her along.) Get away from me. Touch me and I'll kill you. (She lunges for him so he stuns her and carries her across the girder in a fireman's lift, as the others ward off the Vulcans,) The Seleya? Was Commander Tucker successful? It's essential you protect this ship. Leave me on the next habitable planet. You can't allow your concern for a single crewman to affect your mission. This Expanse destroyed everyone aboard the Seleya. Don't let it happen to Enterprise. Perhaps we should watch, and find out. Then use logic more quietly.
Yes, Captain. You assume correctly. Yes, sir. (On his journey, he sees a bulkhead ripple, and in the Armoury the main steps buckle then flip completely over.) [Bridge] Go ahead. Maintain course. You should be heading directly towards the cloaking barrier.
No active sensor sweeps or artificial satellites, no vessels anywhere in the vicinity. They could also be electrical storms, deposits of diamagnetic ore, or Acknowledged. Corporal Hawkins is standing by with an assault team. We have it, Captain. Acknowledged.  [Forest] I managed to identify a sub-quantum imprint. It matches the signature of the Xindi probe. He was quite insistent. He said he needed it to help prove a point. (beams a case down)  [Gralik's home] Are you sure this is wise? Still, it might be prudent to find a more suitable environment to test it. What about radiation or particle disbursement? You know nothing about this device. Let me know when you're ready. What's wrong? What's that? The energy levels are increasing. It's overloading. If you remove the power cell The Xindi ship is still in orbit. We haven't detected any other vessels.  [Outside Cave] I strongly urge you to return to the ship. Is everything all right?  [Outside Cave] Go ahead. Acknowledged.  [Xindi shuttle cargo bay] (Archer opens one of the many containers.) Lieutenant Reed, report. Go ahead. Acknowledged.  [Gralik's home]
The doctor continued to search for a remedy over the next several weeks. Commander Tucker and I did our best to keep you updated each day on the progress of our mission. [Captain's mess] This was not a conversation I was looking forward to. [Archer and T'Pol's home] After nearly a year, we arrived in this system. Our convey was the only one to reach it. The others had all been attacked and destroyed. [Ready room]
I've confirmed that they're human. Their DNA is a perfect match. Our horses perished several miles north of your town from heat exhaustion. Do you have any experience riding these animals? Who? The Captain said to learn whatever we could. I plan to. [Schoolhouse] (The schoolteacher is tidying up when the door opens) Captain? That's correct. We found these in a data module. Several of them were damaged, but we managed to access some of the logs. Did anyone see you transport? These are volatile and suspicious people. Your disappearance may have consequences. They apparently found the humans suited to survive in this environment. I imagine the Sheriff has a lot of questions. Pleased to meet you. Doctor Phlox reports that his patient is doing much better.
That will stabilise the warp field? If we can maintain high warp for extended periods, we can cover the Expanse more quickly. To the left. Lie on your back. (She kneels by his head.) Advanced neuro-pressure can place great demands on the body. We haven't gotten to the more challenging postures. (She leans over him to press his ribcage.) Breathe. [Engineering] The warp field is fluctuating. Something's flooding the intake manifolds. Some kind of polaric field, approximately eleven thousand kilometres in diameter. Composition unknown. I'll need more time to complete a detailed scan. It's a logical conclusion. When we entered the field nucleonic particles flooded the manifolds, causing the injector flare. If Commander Tucker hadn't shut down the reactor, we could have had a breach. We're still running diagnostics. The damage is significant. It could take weeks. Commander Tucker's going to have his hands full. We sent out an EV team. They retrieved a sample of the substance accumulating on the hull. Multiple hits with a plasma rifle were required to dislodge it. It's composed of highly charged particles, mostly ferric ions, but there are several elements that we can't identify. (the sample leaps to Archer's mug and sticks there) And it's highly magnetic. So far, the danger to the ship seems negligible. Understood. Regarding the Lyssarrian procedure Doctor Phlox proposed, may I ask if you've reached a decision? Are you aware that the Lyssarrian Prime Conclave has banned the creation of simbiots? Simbiots are living, conscious entities. We'll be growing a sentient being for the sole purpose of harvesting tissue. He certainly sounds healthy. In a short time he'll be a lot older. Have you thought of where he's going to live? This looks promising. I'll be reviewing the field coil equations. They need to be finished in time for tomorrow's reactor test. I appreciate the offer, but I'm afraid I have to work late into the evening. Ensign Massaro is running a diagnostic on the plasma assembly. I'd like you to assist her. I simply believe that our attention should be focused on the ship's engines, at least until the current situation is resolved. Go ahead. On my way. [Ready room] Sir, I I reviewed them thoroughly. A fusion overburn has never been attempted with a shuttlepod engine. I agree. Despite the risks, I believe it's our best option. I already have. Was there something else? I was instructing him in the practice of Vulcan neuro-pressure. How Commander Tucker was hoping to modify them. They were helping him sleep. What do you mean? If you're referring to a romantic relationship, no. I can't answer that. I'm not uncomfortable. Phase cannons are charged and ready. (They fire.) They're still frozen. (Another shot and they open.) They won't last a few seconds. We're moving. Point six two kilometres per hour. [Shuttlepod Two] At this speed we'll emerge from the field in six point one hours. Your shift ended ninety minutes ago. You've been working for eighteen straight hours. I haven't commended you on the successful implementation of your plan. You saved the ship. (noticing monitor display) Lyssarrian Desert Larva. Your point? You wish to spend your last hours in Engineering? If you'd like, the A3 injector port needs replacing. May I come in? I just wanted to say how much your absence will affect the crew. How much it will affect me.
Come in. (Porthos makes himself right at home.) Meaning? Us? If Daniels is the time traveller he claims to be, why doesn't he find our for himself? I would think he would have all the time in the world. How are we supposed to accomplish this? Forgive me if I'm not entirely convinced. This apparatus. It appears to have been designed to incapacitate the vehicle. (The car's been clamped. The next potential one with an open window has a Rottweiler in it. They finally get into a truck with ladders on the roof and a loud radio which Archer struggles to switch off) I suggest you begin with two. I don't believe you've activated your external lighting. 2002. It was the closest I could find in the Starfleet database. Turn starboard on twenty fourth street. I have created a search grid that requires a journey of approximately eighty kilometres, but it's probably we'll find them before we complete it. (Later, a light has come on on the dashboard.) What's that icon? Where? That's going to be difficult at this time of night. We'll return what we don't use. [Strode's apartment] (Loomis rings the bell on 602. The door opens slightly and the occupant answers from lower down, from behind the chain.) One kilometre, straight ahead. (Archer parka up very neatly in a near-deserted car park.) Second structure from the left. Three Xindi biosigns. Five, in another part of the building. Go ahead. I've found a gate with an electric locking mechanism. We shouldn't have a problem. Do you see the vehicle?(Archer ducks out of line of it's headlights.) What's this? (She shows him the case of Methohexital.) Really. Why would anyone on the street be interested in acquiring methohexitol? Does it seem logical to you that legitimate medical research is being conducted in an abandoned factory? In one individual we've managed to find the worst qualities of this era. Greed, violence, moral corruption. Did he also figure that you'd have no compunctions about abducting people? Is that what human life is worth in the twenty first century? Be quiet. I told you to be quiet. Does the Fiesta Salad contain animal products? Nothing for me, thank you. Quite. (Driving along again. Loomis is eating his burger with his hands tied.) Drive. Don't speak until we're out of visual range. [Warehouse] When my associate returns we'll discuss the details. You've been abducting people for money and you're questioning our honesty? (On the warehouse, Archer disentangles himself from the wires and IV and starts following the Reptilians through the building using the scanner. He has his phase pistol ready.) Sit back. What are you doing? Extinguish that now! Now. (He throws the cigarette out of the vehicle. Her communicator chirps and she takes the keys from the ignition.) Stay exactly where you are. (She gets out of the car.) T'POL: T'Pol. Are you in a position to disable all three of them? [Warehouse - looking down on the Xindi lab] Acknowledged. (She returns to the car and throws the keys at Drive. (Further on.) Pull over and stop here. Lower your window. Be quiet. They're coming. (As soon as the building door opens, We've eliminated his only means of returning to his own century. Perhaps he has no other choice. If they can infect three quarters of Earth's population, it's unlikely humans will pose a threat to them in the future. Come with me. (The Command centre now contains the bio-reactor and three Xindi-Reptilians.) [Outside warehouse - day] (Patrol cars screech to a halt, a little bit sideways.)
Not yet. Twenty three biosigns. I believe I can plot a safe course. You've studied them for some time? You're referring to spatial anomalies. That Breath nearly destroyed your ship. Actually, we've determined that there are fifty nine Spheres in the Expanse. That's doubtful. Doubt is the basis of all scientific progress. We have determined that the Spheres are nearly a thousand years old. Mythology often has a basis in fact. Excuse me. (She leaves.) (under armed guard at her station) If you use Enterprise to attack your enemies you may prevail, but your war will not end. (gets up and walks over) Vulcan was once torn by violent conflict. Numerous factions with opposing doctrines on logic. Each decisive victory drove the defeated faction underground until they could regroup and fight again. The cycle perpetuated itself for centuries. Only when we embraced non-violence did we achieve peace. That's illogical. It's not possible to eradicate everyone who disagrees with you. Captain. Main power is being disrupted. I can't identify the location. [Engineering] (Archer is pulling leads and cables out everywhere.) No. (She is replaced by Jareb.) They're moving off. [Brig] (D'Jamat is sitting, meditating or praying when Archer opens the door and goes in.)
The two reptilian ships are moving towards us. The other vessels are holding position.
There are seven red giants in this region, but they're spread over approximately forty light years. Not at this distance. You appear to have gained his trust. Perhaps you should try a more direct approach. Ask him where the weapon is being constructed. It's Xindi. It may have been travelling through one of the subspace vortices that they use. It's hull signature matches the Xindi ships that were here two days ago. I don't believe so. [Degra's ship] They were attempting to erase the computer core when we boarded the ship. There's very little data left. They've been deleted. It may be necessary to communicate with you while you're inside the simulator. Details? T'Pol to Cargo Bay two. [Cargo Bay two] Sharp. [Cargo Bay two] Stand by to respond. Go ahead. [Bridge] Lieutenant, take us back into the debris field. I'm aware of the risks. Carry out my orders. The Doctor gave him an anti-intoxicant. A red giant. Open a comm. line to the Captain. Can you stabilise the simulator? Acknowledged. [Shuttle] Magnify. Captain, he has a weapon. [Shuttle] We're coming in. Perhaps he thought it would make them appear more convincing. Tactical alert. Engage. (Everything starts to shake.) [Brig] We've reached the coordinates. Ensign, magnify. (A red giant sun glowers on the viewscreen.) We've made it appear as if a plasma conduit ruptured, rendering them unconscious. This accident won't explain how their computer core was deleted.
Previously on Enterprise. ARCHER [Command
Go ahead. Doctor? I don't understand. Doctor, I'm on the Bridge. [Galley] Go ahead, Doctor.
The coordinates match the location of one of the red giants.
: There appears to be considerable activity around two of the inner planets. Numerous ships, all Xindi. A convoy of ships is approaching the detection grid. The grid is extremely sensitive. We'd be detected the instant we passed through. It utilises thousands of satellites. If one of them goes out of commission, it fills the gap. Their shuttle might be able to get through the grid without raising suspicion. Commander Tucker is going to need time to install the translation matrix. From the moon's surface. A small monitoring station. The moon's rotation brought it into scanning range. I'm reading three Xindi biosigns. Not yet. Probably for the moon's rotation to bring them back into communication range. Four hours. Sir. The initial explosion would need to be of considerable yield. What do you intend to do? He said you're the only one who can end the conflict with the Xindi. You can't do that if you're dead. He's in a position to know. Our recent visit to Detroit has tempered my scepticism. You should reconsider your decision. I don't want you to die. It's not necessary. I'll be in the Ready room. (Where she has a little cry.) [Insectoid shuttle] (Unchallenged, he dives into the ocean and heads for his target.) I'm aware of that. Doubtful. For what? I'll be notified if my presence is needed. I don't need any leadership advice. Dismissed. Get out. [Reptilian ship brig] (Archer is being interrogated by three Reptilians, one of whom is hitting him. Archer's hands are chained above his head.) This system is heavily guarded. Our chances for reaching the weapon are non-existent. There's still a chance the Captain may succeed. If we don't hear from the Captain in one hour, I'll pilot a shuttlepod into the system. Attempt a diplomatic solution. The odds aren't promising, but the fact that I'm Vulcan may help me establish a dialogue. Perhaps, but at the moment I don't see an alternate course of action. [Reptilian ship brig] That's hardly a viable option. We only have one more shuttlepod. You 're wrong. You have made your objection clear. Now return to the Bridge. I gave you an order. Let go of me! I said, let go! Go ahead. Hail them. T'Pol to Engineering. (There are explosions going on down there.) Engineering, report. [Engineering] Get it back. (Explosions, collapsing superstructure including the central dome. Travis gets out of the way just in time.) [Reptilian ship brig] Close them off.
Bridge to Captain Archer. There's an unidentified vessel approaching. They're asking for our assistance. Just that they've taken heavy damage. Twelve minutes. Go ahead.
That accounts for everyone. Mister Reed has both forward phase cannons back online in addition to the aft torpedo launchers. Hull plating is up to eighty percent. Degra's message was clear. We're to meet him ten hours from now. You're busy. I'll come back. None. (agitated) These emotions have grown more difficult to control. My usual techniques for suppressing them haven't been effective. Are you saying these emotions may never subside? It's a spatial anomaly. We've entered a dense field.  [Engineering] Captain. (On the viewscreen, a little ship appears from nowhere.) Pepperoni pizza. Damage reports? I'm sure they'll appreciate that. When was the last time you slept? That was two days ago. Go to your quarters. Get some sleep. I could order you. We've been working to reconstruct our database. Increase the data resolution. Commander. Commander! The Captain is trying to gain Degra's trust. (Tucker closes his tool box and stalks out of the room. Outside, the hole blows into a green volcano.)  [Situation room] (The wall monitor has 'System failure' in large red letters on it.) It must have ruptured when our sensors were offline. The manifold pressure is increasing. We have less than six minutes before the fire reaches the reactor shielding. He's too close to the fire. His EV suit can't compensate. The forward valve is closed.  [Ship's hull] We've detected a ship. They've just passed through the cloaking barrier. The Reptilian ship has been destroyed. Crewman Rostov said I'd find you here. You might find this useful. Portable power cells. Is there anything I can help you with? You think that the loss of a colleague or friend doesn't affect us? It does. But if we give in to those emotions, they overwhelm us. You're the ones to be envied.  [Ready room]
My emotions are growing more difficult to control.
The Spheres are controlled by a network of artificial intelligence. This section houses the redundant memory core. It should contain a significant amount of information. Hold this position. The exhaust vent.
This could be a command subroutine. A deflector pulse might disrupt the subspace links. This appears to be some kind of interspatial manifold on the surface of Sphere Forty One. Captain, I've located Ensign Sato. She's on board one of the Reptilian vessels. Captain, there's a massive anomaly forming near the weapon. Two more. (The bulkheads ripple.) Captain. The power readings from the weapon are increasing.
I've located Ensign Sato. She's on board one of the Reptilian vessels.
Your transmission is very weak. Do you read me? (Vosk arrives.)
Our targeting array is still down. [Bridge]
Come in. You wanted something? You could come with me. The transport leaves at eleven hundred hours. There's a guest room in my mother's home. I've never mentioned you. Commander Charles Tucker the third. You've told the Captain that you don't get to see as many alien cultures as you'd like. You've never been to Vulcan. Tar'hana. There are frequent eruptions. We can schedule a tour of the crater, if you're interested. Meaning? Vulcans appreciate beauty. Commander Tucker, I suggest Mother, you're home. (in Vulcan) Commander Tucker is my colleague. He wanted to visit Vulcan. It's not yet midday. Why aren't you at the Science Academy? We had communication difficulties in the Expanse. It's from Koss. I have nothing to say to Koss. Former fiancé. Good morning. Oh four hundred. We have to prepare the morning meal. As guests, it's expected of us. [T'Pol's family home - living room] (The sun is now up, and the three are settling down to the meal, mostly fruit by the looks of it.) The nar'ru vines have bloomed early this year. It sounds as if you're not enjoying retirement. I didn't know one was necessary. I've been offered a commission with Starfleet. If I accept, it could be several years before I'm able to return home. As I recall, you encouraged me to leave. A Starfleet posting is no less important than one with the High Command. I'm sure Father would have approved. Earth is supposed to be our ally. We shouldn't argue in front of a guest. [Bar] (Reed signs an autograph for two young women.) Why are you here? You've received my letters. You know I'm not interested in marriage. You have the option of choosing another mate. You should be aware I've been ill recently. It could take some time for me to recover, assuming it's even possible. What if I declare the kal-if-fee? You find this amusing. It's best if you leave. What do you mean? She retired. Why? Is that what you want, an absent wife? You should go. [Sunset in the mountains] This retirement wasn't your choice. Did you? I don't understand. Why would the Ministry do this? Because of me. They blamed me for the incident at P'Jem. They couldn't reach me on Enterprise, so they punished you. It's criminal. How could you let them do this? That wouldn't be your concern. [Night in the mountains] (The pair are in their sleeping bags, but Archer can't sleep. The nocturnal noises prompt him to get a phase pistol from his rucksack and go scouting. He is jumped by a pair of Xindi reptilians who throw him off a cliff, and he wakes up screaming.) There's something I need to tell you. I've decided to marry Koss. If I join his family, my mother will regain her position at the Academy. His father is a senior Minister with a great deal of influence. The decision was mine. My mother resigned because of my actions. I've been negotiating with Koss's family. They've agreed we won't have to reside together, not right away. I'll remain on Enterprise for the time being. Trip, I have to do this for many reasons. I'm sorry. Yeah. Well, maybe she'd rather make a connection with someone else. I'm grateful that you're here.
It's a volatile region between the Klingon Empire and the Orion Syndicate. It attracts the most dangerous elements from both. What view is that? I believe that's true of most species, if not all. Honeymoon? My government is trying to work out a diplomatic solution. There's still a chance they'll be successful. Thank you, Captain. Captain's Starlog, May 17, 2154. We've crossed into the Borderland, three light years from where the Klingons were attacked. Still no sign of their ship. [Sickbay] (The DNA strands are displayed on the overhead screen. Soon is no longer in handcuffs, but still under guard.) Orion Interceptors. I'm picking up an energy surge from one of the interceptors. No. (Then she gets beamed away.) [Engineering] Ensign. Are you all right? Don't touch it. Have you seen anyone else from the ship? An Orion slave market. The Orions traffic in forced labour. We're being processed for auction. Ensign. Ensign. I don't know your name. Jeffrey, Enterprise will come. It may take some time. We should try to stay together until they get here. [Bridge] (Enterprise is orbiting a planet, along with a lot of smaller craft.) If you wish, I can teach you how to minimise your anxiety. Ensign, don't! (Pierce gets a punishment zap. T'Pol is taken up to an auction block, where the green giant effortlessly lifts her up to let the buyers have a better look. The bidding starts, electronically. We see Tellarites in the crowd.) How many were taken? I'm not for sale. (She's beamed away.) Doctor Phlox says I can resume my duties this afternoon. There's a slight ringing in my left ear, but it should dissipate over time. Vulcans don't have honeymoons. After the ceremony, I went to Mount Seleya to meditate alone.
It's a medical facility run by Starfleet and the Denobulans. Highly virulent diseases are stockpiled there for research purposes. Why weren't these embryos destroyed after the war? None. It could be hiding behind any one of the larger asteroids. To prevent us from getting a transporter fix. It's a logical conclusion. Agreed. [Station Control Hub] (The captives are brought in. Phlox heads straight for his friend. Saul stops him, but Soong nods.) End transmission. Bring up the data file. [Station Control Hub] Proceed. We'll destroy it ourselves. It's not the preferred solution, but it's all we have. Load photonic torpedoes. Mister Mayweather? Take us in. [Station Control Hub] Lock weapons. (The Klingon bird-of-prey comes out of hiding and shoots at them, causing damage.) Return fire. [Station Control Hub] They're trying to draw us away from the station. Hold your course. Target the facility. [Stasis chamber] (Each embryo is in a sphere on the walls.) Who's on the shuttle? Soong. Fire torpedoes. [Denobulan shuttle]
And now, the conclusion. [Station Control Hub] Go ahead. You'll have to get farther away. We're ready. First Officer's log, Supplemental. We've evacuated the Away Team and all personnel from the station. The Captain shows no sign of infection. He's recovering in Sickbay. [Sickbay]
Captain, I've just spoken with Starfleet Command. That's where I prefer to be. My mother hasn't responded to my communiqués. It's not unusual for her to become lost in her work. As for my husband, our arrangement remains unchanged. I'd like to introduce Administrator V'Las. You have other suspects? Actually, they're a small group of Vulcans. They follow a corrupted form of Surak's teachings. The Registry records DNA from all Vulcans at birth. Enter. What is the purpose of your visit? Your message was cryptic. You have something to tell me that the authorities shouldn't hear? Why didn't she give this to me herself? My mother? What's important is that she's disappeared like the others facing unjustified arrest. No, there's a difference. My mother wants me to find her. (She shows him the medallion.) It's called an IDIC. It's been modified. (She presses something and the central stone projects a holographic map.) This is a desert called the Forge. The route's the one Surak supposedly followed. Syrrannites follow the same path today, seeking enlightenment. She told Koss this was a family heirloom, but I've never seen it before. This site is called Gateway, where Surak supposedly began his journey into the Forge. He brought logic to Vulcan, in an age we call the Time of Awakening, but his writings from that period no longer exist. Over the centuries, his followers made copies of his teachings. You find this amusing? The dampening field only extends a few hundred metres above the ground. Patrol craft can fly over it, but their sensors can't see us. We're being stalked. (An animal cry rings out in the dark.) Sehlat. Run. (A furry four-legged thing with enormous incisors is chasing them.) Higher ground. Higher. They won't climb. (The pair scramble up a rock face, and the sehlat paces below.) Days, at least. They're very persistent creatures. When I was a child, I had one as a pet. Domesticated. They were smaller, slightly. You have Porthos. Vulcan children are never late with their sehlat's dinner. T'Pol. That means desert wind. Captain, the reflected heat is too hot for you. I won't need water for several more days. My inner eyelids will protect my vision. My species evolved on this planet. (The group walks on, and Archer is suffering.) From the questions he asked you, I believe he is a Syrrannite. And it's obvious that he doesn't trust us enough to take us to the others. It may be too late for that. Sand-fire! (A dust storm is coming down the valley like a tidal wave. They run.) [Sickbay] Captain. (He gets up again. Arev has found a cave.) From my mother. You're a Syrrannite. When did you talk with her? Is she safe? The High Command believes the Syrrannites are responsible for bombing the Earth embassy. Of the IDIC? Surak died on Mount Seleya. Syrrannites claim it's the essence of a Vulcan mind. That it can be transferred from the body before death, then stored in some manner. Are you injured? Remember. Remember what? The patrol craft are flying again. They sound like they're closing in on this location. After we bury him. [The Forge - night] (They are walking along a ridge, when two vapour trails pass overhead.) There's nothing there. How do you know? (They head down a gully.) Captain, you're not Vulcan. It's almost dawn. We need to find someplace to hide. That won't help us. (He walks through the rock face, and T'Pol follows.) [T'Kareth Sanctuary] What do you mean? (They are pounced on by an armed group.) To Be Continued...  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
That it can be transferred from the body before death.
And now the conclusion. [High Command]
I've been fine. I'm reading the Kir'Shara. Interesting. Extremely. I see no point in discussing it. It's in the past. Talking won't change that. I don't feel anything about it. It's the truth. Trip, I appreciate what you're trying to do, but it's not necessary. The Vulcan Science Academy has been studying sub-quantum transporting for some time, with little result. It could be a form of spatial distortion. F Deck. Near the Armoury. [Armoury] (An electric arcing effect is going on as the two men search for the cause. A distorted something hits Burrows, and he screams.) He suffered massive cellular disruption, as if he'd been subjected to intense delta radiation. You've spent a great deal of time in this region of space. Are you sure? The probe materialised at the target coordinates. Captain, we're receiving telemetry. [Transporter alcove] It's on C deck, section five. It's fluctuating. I've lost it. This way. It should be here. (The weird phenomenon appears behind them.) It's highly unstable, surrounded by a subspace field. (It passes between them, just touching T'Pol, who collapses in agony.) [Sickbay] I took visual readings. (Tucker transfers the data to the main Sickbay monitor.) We don't fully understand the nature of these manifestations. They could pose other dangers. What he claims he needs. Because he's a friend of the family? The power conversion tables. Some of these modifications should help. Is there anything else? Movie night? I don't think I'll have the time for either. Kir'Shara. Eventually. I may have found new priorities. I'm needed on the Bridge. [Launch bay] (Archer has wheeled Emory down to see the shuttlepods.) I picked up something that was in your area, but I've lost it. [Launch bay] Nothing. [Transporter alcove] B deck, section eight. [Transporter alcove] It's still difficult for me to accept. The Kir'Shara is having an enormous impact. I've never felt less certain. Do you have a moment? I'm going through something that's very complicated. I'm learning, it seems for the first time what it truly means to be Vulcan. Not until I understand it myself. I don't think there'll be time for (pauses) That you understand.
We're waiting on new test results. Of course. We're going there now. Their courage isn't at question. Their intelligence is. This isn't a competition. Either a species' intelligence is developed enough for First Contact, or it isn't. This is the measure we have used for ten thousand years. It's not our responsibility to change it. We should leave these creatures to their work undisturbed. This could indicate the virus is sensitive to ionizing radiation. I'll prepare new samples for testing. [Decon chamber] (Hoshi is shouting in her sleep.) Did you know they had this capability? We come here only to study how physical species react to the unknown. You can help by telling us how you detected our presence. That happens in less than two percent of our missions. We'll remember next time. We're here to observe. We can't interfere. Our subjects are human. You're Denobulan. You were inhabited a few hours ago. An intriguing experience. Or what you observed in the Decon Chamber. But we won't. Thank you for your help, Doctor. I've seen seven other species develop the radiation cure. But never in time. Of course not. Expending resources to attempt an impossible task is not a sign of intelligence. The Captain and Science Officer have decisions to make. We need to return to our original hosts. [Situation room] To move them from Decon to Sickbay, we'll need to expand the quarantined area. Environmental systems are isolated. T'Pol here, Captain. (She has her back to the monitor which we can see Archer on.) I have. Yes, Captain. I'll do my best. Captain, if Commander Tucker becomes conscious. T'Pol. Go ahead. Yes. Obviously, the pathogen's behaviour is more unpredictable than we assumed.
T'Pol to Captain Archer. There's a ship on an intercept course. It's Andorian. [Bridge] We can only transport one at a time.
Just the MACOs. I've found a way to detect their warp signature. And Travis designed a sensor grid that should extend our range. Only one hundred and twenty eight. What about Columbia? Minister T'Pau is dispatching twenty three vessels. The High Command has been disbanded. Many of our ships no longer have full crew compliments. (seeing his desk monitor) Andorian and Tellarite fleet deployments? Have you discussed this with Commander Shran, or Ambassador Gral? Even if both sides were to agree, which seems unlikely, their deployments would have to be co-ordinated, a command hierarchy established. Precisely. It might work. These have four species have never co-operated on a mutual endeavour. We've received the final confirmations. All one hundred and twenty eight ships are in position. The combatants fight with these. (An almost semicircular blade with a wicked serrated edge.) It's called an Ushann-Tor. Andorians will consider that a further insult. Updating your will? Shran is a member of the Imperial Guard, trained in combat from childhood. He won't back down. If you back down, the Imperial Guard will withdraw their ships. Vulcans have a saying. One man can summon the future. What happens if that man throws away his life before his time? If anything happens to you. Take your places. There is still time to end this. Four ships have located the marauder's power signature. Not at this distance. Approaching visual range. It doesn't match. (at Reed's station) We have biosigns. Two humans. We'll need to be much closer. I can't get a lock through the camouflage. They're clear. (another bang) Sensors are down. I've lost them. [Control area]
And now, the conclusion. [Control area]
By a Klingon subroutine. I'm not certain. It's infiltrated our command protocols.
T'Pol to Captain Archer. The warp matrix has been compromised by a Klingon subroutine. And now, the conclusion. [Brig] Captain, respond! Understood. [Bridge]
Bridge to Captain Archer. Bridge to Captain Archer. (He breaks the embrace with great reluctance.) We're coming up on the planet.
T'Pol to Captain Archer. Captain Archer, please respond. We're approaching the warp signature. Once we were alone in my quarters, I implanted a telepathic suggestion. I compelled you to sabotage the power grid. [Engineering]
The Gorn's moved into the primary hull. [Bridge] Standing by. Grav-plating's at twenty G's. (Two more MACO turn up.)
I'm sure history will reflect our contribution. You've set a formidable goal. The drafting of a charter in six weeks? Commander Tucker does have a point. Enterprise laid the foundation for this event. Perhaps it should be you they're photographing. Excuse me? Her name was Susan Khouri. She was a medical technician. She'd been having some emotional trouble. Took a leave from work over a year ago. Come in. It's difficult to talk about something that doesn't make sense. Neither do I. I've never been pregnant, Trip. I can't. Do you believe me? Trip, the moment Phlox said that the child was ours, I knew it was true. I haven't. I can't explain how it exists, but I know it does. There's a child out there, and it's ours. I'm Vulcan. [Conference room] (It's too big to be the Captain's mess, and there are flags in the corner now.) The case file contains very little else in the way of evidence. Some biographical data on Khouri. Most of it's out of date. The nearest one is Orpheus, on the moon. I'd like to volunteer as well. We still have twenty minutes before we have to report to the foreman. The map is correct. We could ask for directions. What? Any particular reason? Trip. I know you're not convinced I've told you the truth, about the child. You think I might have gotten pregnant without your knowledge. I know. No. Have you? I believe so. I've learned something. (Trip shushes her.) A doctor from one of the medical facilities was found dead yesterday. They think it was a cave-in. He worked at the same clinic as Susan Khouri. I think so. Inside the system?
Her medical readings appear normal. How did you obtain our genetic material? The child is a binary clone. Human and Vulcan genes produced this child, which indicates our two species have more similarities than differences. She's not a threat. Neither of our species is what it was a million years ago, nor what it'll become in the future. Life is change. I won't let you hurt her. What does that mean? [Bridge] Hello. I'm your mother. You're going to need a name. We should discuss that with your father. (She scans the child again.) [Shuttlepod] In private. You and I both know that's not true. My daughter's ill. You will arrange for medical care at once. You will provide immediate transport for my child, Commander Tucker, and myself. The hospital at Utopia Colony will be suitable until Enterprise arrives. This. (She grasps his twitching hand.) Taggart's Syndrome. Since you obviously didn't die by age twenty, you're receiving treatment. Rigelian gene therapy? The very thing you're warning humans to avoid is what's keeping you alive. Alien knowledge, freely shared. You're not only a terrorist, you're a hypocrite. Colonel Green also said, to be human is to be pure. Under his rule, you would have been euthanised for having a genetic disorder. You're not significant! Elevated white-blood cell count, low-grade fever. She's dying. Captain's Starlog January 22, 2155. Enterprise is returning to Earth. Paxton is in custody, but the consequences of his actions continue to affect us all. [Sickbay] (T'Pol hangs an IDIC on the incubator.) Elizabeth. Her name is Elizabeth. [Launch bay] Come in. She was important.
