Have you come to take me home? You said my wound was superficial. That Tellarite pig. I've seen what phase-pulse infection can do to Andorians. Don't let me die unavenged.
You're going to wear out the deck plating. Commander. We have no choice but to let him deal with the situation. I doubt Archer's capable of a thorough interrogation. There are guards outside our quarters. We don't even know what deck the Ambassador's on. I was hoping we could talk. I doubt you're aware of this. How could you be? (She steps into the corridor and begins fawning on the You won't even consider it? (He hears Shran coming up behind him, and hits him, but Talas gets hold of his rifle and disarms him. Then they have a quick fist-fight, which she wins.) [Command area] How bad?
Commander Shran, would you come to the Bridge. [IW Kumari Bridge] (a female) We've lost the warp trail. Commander. We've been searching for weeks. Or until we're destroyed? You've seen what this place is like. What are the chances they've survived? We should head back to Andoria while we're still able. Continue scanning. Which one of you is Reed? I assumed I'd find you in the Armoury, not relaxing here. What is that? Lieutenant Talas of the Imperial Warship Kumari. I've been ordered to assist you. I have duties of my own. The sooner your ship is repaired, the sooner I can get back to them. I've brought some equipment that should align those relays much more precisely. Is there anything else I can get you? Some coffee, perhaps? Since you clearly don't need my help, I'll return to my ship. Thank you for the hospitality. For what it's worth, Lieutenant, I'm not here to steal your secrets. It would hardly be worth the effort. Last time I saw weapons like these was during my early tactical training. Not at all. I found it nostalgic. Just be careful when you reconnect that to your power grid. You didn't reset the EPS synchroniser. You may singe your eyebrows when you bring it back online. The phase couplers are charging. What's the frequency? You don't trust me. Is your mother considered a security risk? An odd one. My mother's security clearance is higher than mine. She commanded an Imperial Infantry Unit. Four generations. He must be disappointed in you. Betraying your family tradition by serving on a ship of exploration. Perhaps he'd feel differently if he saw you now, fighting for the survival of your race. I wish we had more time. You're only going to get ninety four percent efficiency from the phase cannons. And if you get tired of exploring, you'd do well in the Imperial Guard. [Command centre] Not by the anomaly. With all the bypasses we've been running, we obviously could have created some additional problems. You wouldn't want to be in a battle with the Xindi and suddenly find yourself flying blind. Your lateral array was out of alignment. I corrected it. All other systems are functioning properly. I'd take this ship into combat myself. It's not the weapon, it's the soldier who wields it. (She struts away, and he checks what she was doing.) [Weapon control centre] We have it. No. The human vessel disabled main propulsion on both ships. They've gone to warp. No apparent damage. Commander Shran. Enterprise is approaching. [IW Kumari Bridge] Eighty thousand kilometres. They're hailing us.
