(the wonderful Suzie Plaxson) The Imperial Guard will die at their posts, but We're holding our positions for now, but the enemy has deployed new units here and here. They may have found it. We've taken more casualties. Have you ever known a Vulcan who wouldn't lie to get what he wanted? Don't move, Vulcan. He's expecting you, without a Vulcan escort. We can never be too vigilant when it comes to Vulcans. Hostages? Criminals take hostages. Kidnappers looking for a ransom take hostages. I assume you're referring to the enemy soldiers we captured. When they attacked us, two of my men were badly wounded. (She shuts I told you. He's a puppet of the Vulcans. This is pointless. And give away our only advantage? If I may speak. How? By talking? We've been trying that for a hundred years, and it's gotten us nowhere. They stall and lie and make promises they never intend to keep. We came here to fight. Why back down now? You put too much faith in these pinkskins. We don't know anything about them except that they're friends of the Vulcans. If we attack now, we can have the Vulcans on the defensive before our ships arrive. Our troops are ready. There's no reason to wait. And they were followed. Is that so unlikely? Some of my men saw weapons fire coming from their positions. It's Vulcan subterfuge, I'm sure of it. What better way for them to justify an invasion than to blame us for killing their envoy? You act as if they have some moral code. They have no conscience, only their precious logic. They'll do anything to drive us off this planet. We should never have agreed to negotiate. Of course I am, sir. I'll see to it myself. [Colony] Empty. No. The pinkskin will want to keep his part of the bargain. They'll be looking for Shran. [Bridge] It doesn't have a stun setting. (She drops her weapon off the ledge.) All we want is a chance to fight for what's ours before cowards like Shran negotiate it away. He was ready to kill me. You saw for yourself. Apparently, these pinkskins aren't as honourable as you thought. (T'Pol and Soval arrive.) How long have I served with you? Followed your orders when it could have meant my life? What did you expect me to do? Orders to do nothing while you betray us? It's not too late to redeem yourself, to make a stand. There are others who feel this way. You'll see.
