Hoshi. (She goes into her living quarters.) Do you understand me? I think you do. Can you see me? (There's a shadowy figure in the corner.) That's where I'm waiting for you. That's where I'm waiting for you. Hoshi. Don't be frightened. (The screens change to a picture of her.) Hoshi. I'm nowhere near your ship. You're searching for something. I can help. (She sees a strange corridor, a stone one with light fittings, rugs. She runs, bursts through a pair of doors onto a balcony looking out over a cliff face. There's a hand on her shoulder.) I'm only three light years away. My home is what you're seeing right now. All I want is to meet you. I know you're on an urgent mission. That's what I want to talk to you about. [Ready room] I asked Hoshi to come alone. Not at all, Captain. (In Hoshi's head he looked human, but You're searching for a weapon that could annihilate your planet. I may be able to find it, but I'll need an object that's associated with the Xindi. Every artifact retains an imprint of the people who made it, who used it. I have the ability to sense those imprints. No more than a few days. Alone. I've lived here for a very long time, Mister Reed. My only contact with the outside world has been through telepathy. Bring me the artefact. I'd like to get started. Captain, one small request. I'd like Hoshi to stay with me while I'm working. Nonetheless, it's a condition of my helping you. [Ready room] This is from the weapon that attacked your planet. This will be very useful. May I? (Tarquin takes Hoshi's overnight bag, gently touching her hand) Take your time. (He leaves.) Only when I have company. I thought you might enjoy something familiar. (He lifts the lid I've enjoyed it. Dessert. (He displays an alien dish.) TARQUIN: It's a delicacy from the Arakon system. I think you'll like it. You told your grandmother that every time she tried to serve you soba noodles. Now it's one of your favourite foods. (He sits at the opposite end of the table.) My homeworld is thirty light years from here. A wonderful place to live, provided you're not born telepathic. The odds are one in fifty million. I was among the unlucky few. We're considered a threat to the rest of the population. There's only one solution for people like me. To live out our lives in exile. So we're sent to places like this. (raises his glass) To solitude. I think you're familiar with it. Your parents learned you were gifted, so you spent your childhood with private tutors, studying languages. You thought it was normal to go through your days alone. I'm sorry, I forget you're unaware of how much I know about you. Not since you arrived. Now that you're here with me I would rather get to know you the way other humans do. Of course. [Hoshi's bedroom] If you need anything else, let me know at supper tomorrow. I'll be working most of the day. Feel free to wander. There are a lot of interesting things here, but I strongly suggest that you stay inside. The winds can be treacherous. If you'd like, you could spend some time looking at this. It's written in a dead language, over a thousand years old. Everything about these people, their homeworld, their culture, has vanished into time. You don't have to feel alone. That's not what I meant. You often feel isolated, even around other people. You don't have to. [Archer's quarters] (Archer is glaring at his water polo ball stuck halfway through the bulkhead.) Not at all. Please. (Before she comes through the door, he I didn't expect you to translate it so quickly. What did you think of it? A few images, impressions. Did you know that there are five Xindi species? There's a great deal of conflict among them. They don't trust one another. Not yet. I'm going to need more time. It helps me extend the range of my telepathy. My family gave it to me when I was exiled. Without it, I never would have found you. Would you like to try? With guidance. (She sits in his chair and the egg glows blue.) If you close your eyes, you begin to sense light and colour. Let the images take shape. Let the shapes become more distinct. Can you see them? You're trying too hard to find them. Let the images come to you. (A series of pictures flash past, some from past episodes, some not. It finishes with a Xindi Reptilian.) It takes practice. Try again. (He puts his hands over hers.) Feel free to return, if you'd like some company. I asked you to stay inside! They're people I knew. The last one died over a century ago. We should go inside. Very few lifespans are as long as mine. I was born over four hundred years ago. The first one was Morianna Taal. She was my first companion. Like you, she had a unique mind. Companions as well. When I lost Morianna I began to search for another, then another. Sometimes I don't know what is worse, being alone or having to bury the people I've come to care about. It's been many years since I found someone like you. All I'm asking is that you consider the possibility. It's possible that with my help your mission will be over soon. The others had similar doubts, but over time they came to appreciate what I had to offer them. No one will ever understand you the way I can. You've let your fear of the unknown stand in your way far too many times. You almost left Enterprise early in it's mission because you didn't think you could control your fears. But in spite of that, you stayed. It strengthened you. This situation is no different. I'm giving you the chance to experience something you've searched for your entire life. It's the reason you study languages, to make unique connections with people. Then why do you seem so isolated? You live on a ship filled with your own people and yet there are many times when you feel alone. Stay with me. I'll teach you ways of sharing thoughts and emotions no human can. You're lying, Hoshi. I can hear everything you're thinking. Michio. Your grandfather. He's the last person you were truly close to, but he died a long time ago. You can have that kind of connection again. I'm sorry. I know this must seem overwhelming. Think about what I've said. You're going to have a great deal of time. [Shuttlepod] May I come in? I won't be long. I just heard from your Captain. Enterprise will be here in a few minutes. I have learned a great deal about the Xindi weapon. I'm sure he'll find the information useful. Have you given any more thought to my offer? I understand. I was foolish to think it was even a possibility. I won't forget. Please keep the book as a reminder of your time here. After I've briefed Captain Archer, I'll send him to you. It was a privilege knowing you. (Later, she's finishing putting on her uniform when a smiling Archer appears.) Enterprise has already returned. Their fate in in your hands. I can't let you leave, Hoshi. I've waited too long to find you. If you agree to stay, they won't be harmed. They'll be free to leave orbit. That's not possible. You'll be happy here, I promise you. There's no power on your vessel, and there won't be until you agree to remain with me. I don't want to kill anyone. That's why it's essential that you agree to stay. (she picks up his telepathy enhancer) You mustn't do that. It's very fragile. An empty threat, Hoshi. As long as you're with me I won't need to contact anyone else. Please, think of what I can offer you. Did you enjoy the ending? This is the last time, I promise. I've brought you information to give to your Captain. You're on a dangerous mission. I don't want to see you harmed. Who knows, you may change your mind about me someday. [Ready room]
Hoshi. I know you're on an urgent mission. Don't be frightened. You're searching for something. I can help. HOSHI [OC]: He was horrified that seven million of us were killed. He says he's willing to use his abilities to help us find the Xindi. It helps me extend the range of my telepathy. HOSHI [Ready room]: He gave me these co-ordinates.
