(red haired man) I don't know. No. It's not their ship. It's someone else. (as it comes in to land, we see that it is a shuttlepod. Pod 1 to be exact, and once it is down safely, Archer, T'Pol and Tucker climb out, wearing desert fatigues, to be met by the two men) Our communications are down. He was correct. I'm sorry, but we can't help you. Two of our pumps are offline. You'll have to return later in the season. There's nothing we can do. You scanned our tanks? We're holding that for someone else. Come back at the end of the season. I'm sure we'll be able to accommodate you. (Tessic starts to walk away.) Follow me. (Archer and T'Pol do. Tucker returns to the pod for his tools.) [Shuttlepod] (Tucker hears someone making gun noises. It's the boy, who is startled when Trip activates an alarm.) Two power cells. We need six. Do you have any idea how much labour it takes to refine a litre of deuterium? We have three months of good weather, Captain. Three months to pump all the deuterium we can before the winter. We don't have time to give tours. Five power cells for two hundred litres. I can't do any better. All right. But only if you can repair our pumps. I expect you to leave orbit in two days. If the pumps are working, you'll leave with the deuterium. If not, you'll leave without it. Are we agreed? They believe that we have an exclusive arrangement. (to Archer) Please, don't get involved. We'll talk to them. We weren't expecting you so soon. We've had trouble with two of our pumps. Your deuterium. We don't have all of it. We did our best but we need more time. [Inside a module] Without those pumps we couldn't operate at full capacity. We can give you eighty thousand litres. If you'll give us one more week, we'll have the rest. We don't have it. I told you, two pumps were down. We were just able to repair them. Wait, please. It's not your concern. (E'Lis starts tending Maklii's injury.) It still brings in a decent price. We make enough to get through the winter. It's too far away. You've never seen a Klingon in battle, have you? We tried to stand up to them once, three seasons ago. Five of us died fighting them. Then they killed three more to prove their point. Just take your two hundred litres and go. If you're here when they come back, they'll kill you. [Settlement] Control arm is jammed. I could use some help with the release valve. Turn it to the left. Thought you'd be off charting your next start system by now. You obviously didn't come down here in the middle of the night to help me with this crawler. We've been through this before. It's not your concern. Give it another turn. That's good. Leave it there. Reconnect this coolant line. Intake's above your head. We already tried. There are eight people buried not far from here who can attest to that. I don't want your help. I'm responsible for my people, not you. They put their trust in me. They depend on me. I'm supposed to protect them! Look at me I can barely keep this crawler running. You say you and your tactical officer want to help us. Even if you do once you're gone, we'll be alone again waiting for them to come back. This all sounds very ambitious. What exactly are you expecting us to do? What kind of trap? You'll never get the Klingons near that deuterium field. They know it isn't safe. It's right here. They're all modular. Most deuterium fields are depleted within three or four years at most. It forces us to be itinerant. What good would that do? The terrain there is no different than where the town is now. We can do that. If you keep your head down. What are we waiting for? (All through the night, crew and colonists dismantle buildings, shut down wells and tractor pumps to the new location.) I just hope everyone survives this. Your people, as well as mine. Korok! (The Klingons aim their disruptors at him.)TESSIC:  I wouldn't do that. There's two more wellheads by your feet. Leave here now or we'll ignite them. If you're thinking about coming back, I wouldn't advise it. We'll be ready. We're not afraid of you anymore. (Korok holsters his weapon.) Our deal was for power cells, medical supplies and repair work. You provided us with much more than that.
