(a younger man) And in those eight years we've experienced more than most Vulcans will in their lifetime. Here we are. You must know a great deal about emotion. You live on a human starship. That's not something that many Vulcans would be comfortable with. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend you. So this is the mess hall. The crew must not have much of an appetite. Could you show me how to operate this? (The drinks dispenser.) I'm not sure. I don't have much experience with human food. What's that? That'll be fine. (She takes a mug from the cupboard, puts it into the dispenser, presses a button and says -) Thank you. It has a lot of flavour. No, it's fine. I'm just surprised. Do you like the taste? But it can make Vulcan tea. Interesting. How long have you lived among humans? That's a long time away from home. Living here has obviously affected you in ways that you don't realise. And you have a sense of humour. A concept that most Vulcans can't seem to grasp. There's that humour again. I'm curious, why do you stay here? Is that the only reason? Maybe you're more attached to these people than you'd care to admit. Your emotions are much closer to the surface than other Vulcans. They're easier to read. This may surprise you, but we still meditate. The balance between emotion and logic requires constant discipline. Have we? That's a myth. Propaganda from five thousand years ago. Our primal nature, T'Pol, is not as dangerous as you think. Commander Tucker suggests that I try something called pizza. Would you care to join me? Look at that. I've never seen anything so beautiful. You'd probably consider that an emotional reaction. Pleasing. Coming from you, that's practically an outburst. (T'Pol spots a statue in an alcove.) We don't reject his teachings. We simply disagree with how they're interpreted. Have you read his original text? He never intended for us to purge our emotions. He wanted us to master them, and then carefully integrate them into our lives. That doesn't mean we're wrong. I taught literature at the Shirkar Academy. I don't have any regrets. I always knew there had to be more to life than just logic and reason. Haven't you ever felt that way? But you did once? T'Pol, you said that you meditated each night. Tonight, don't. See what happens. I think you'll find your dreams will be far more interesting. You're a scientist. Consider it an experiment. [Mess hall] Our primal nature isn't as dangerous as you think. (She is exploring San Francisco with Tolaris whispering in her ear.) Do you like the taste? You must have learned a great deal about emotion. (She enters the jazz club, then opens her eyes to see Tolaris sleeping next to her.) Why do you stay here? (The jazz club, the nebula, making love with Tolaris, the statue of Surak falls from it's alcove and shatters. She wakes with a start.) [Sickbay] How did it go? I mean last night. Did you take my advice? And your dreams? It will get easier. Tonight will be less disturbing. (He walks towards her.) You can't give up after one trial. Wasn't there anything enjoyable about the experience? We can run the scans later. Tell me about your dreams. Your emotions were closer to the surface. It must have been intense. Why did you leave the compound? So you broke protocol? Where did you go? Music? Go on. How did you feel? Try. Emotion. You felt emotion. You could feel that way again, T'Pol. It isn't difficult, and it's nothing to be afraid of. I can show you how. [Engineering] It's an ancient technique. It was abandoned centuries ago, but we've discovered that it can help us access our emotions. I'd begin by creating a telepathic link. We would be able to share our memories, our thoughts. In essence, we would become one mind. It's quite an experience, but it is profoundly intimate. Are you prepared for that? If you'd like, we could try a more traditional form of guided meditation but it wouldn't be nearly as effective. (he puts fingers of his right hand on her face along the cheek bone and jaw) It's all right. Close your eyes. Try to focus on my voice. My mind to your mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. Our minds are merging, our minds are becoming one. You're resisting. Relax. My mind to your mind. Your thoughts to my thoughts. Our minds are merging, our minds are becoming one. (She (telepathically) Can you sense my thoughts? You're doing well. I want you to think about that night when you left the compound. Imagine yourself walking down that street. (She it triggered an emotional response. You said you were invigorated, what else? Yes, you do. You're just not used to describing your emotions. You experienced other things. Excitement about breaking protocol, apprehension about getting caught, and the music, the music made you feel elated. Allow yourself to feel these emotions again. Don't hold them back. You're anxious. It's just another emotion. Stay with me, T'Pol. No. (T'Pol finally manages to break the link.) You've made progress. Don't give up now. T'Pol. Good morning. No, thanks. Yes. We'll be done this afternoon. It was the least we could do. Besides, we've enjoyed spending our time here. You have an exceptional crew, Captain. Well enough. You? I understand. Well, if there's nothing more, Captain, I'm eager to get back to work. We have another twenty million cubic kilometres to chart. Oh? That's unfortunate. What happened? What happened between us is personal. It's not your concern. I did no such thing. Mind-melds can be emotionally turbulent. She simply panicked. No one forced her to try the meld. She did it willingly. I am helping her shed a lifetime of repression, and you of all people should understand what I'm trying to do. You're human. I need to go see her. She is in a crucial stage of her awakening. She needs guidance. I think that's for her to decide. You're in my way, Captain. You'd be wise to let me leave. (grabbing Archer) Move aside. Now! You planned this.
