Your ship is in restricted space. Our scans indicate that one of the people on your ship has been infected with a dangerous virus. Your vessel's under quarantine. Prepare to be boarded. The infected organism must be eradicated before the virus can spread. Does he still look like one of your crew? Does he recognise you or even speak your language anymore? We've been studying the mutagen for sixty years. The only course of action is to neutralise the outbreak. We won't allow your vessel to leave orbit with the contagion aboard. You wouldn't be so confident if you knew how easily this virus can spread. It infected tens of millions of people on my world. They all had to be destroyed. The virus would have transformed our entire population within weeks. It was engineered by the inhabitants of this planet, a race called the Loque'eque. Something decimated their species centuries ago and they lost the ability to reproduce, so they created this virus to transform other species into their own. It was the only way to save themselves from extinction. We've been trying to answer that question for a long time. The mutagen encodes the victims with an overpowering instinct to return to their home city, Urquat. That's why we can't allow even a single infected organism to leave this planet. They can spread the contagion to other systems and anyone who became infected would be drawn back here. We can't risk another epidemic. (his communicator sounds) Yes. Prepare a containment team. More of your crewmen? We will find these people and examine them. If there's anything to report, we'll let you know. What you prefer doesn't matter. I'm under orders to contain this outbreak. If you attempt to interfere, I'm authorised to use any force necessary. (to guard) Take me back to the airlock. (leaves) Take the Vulcan woman, then destroy the others. Drop out of warp. I won't warn you again, Commander. We're going to contain this outbreak whether you co-operate or not. There are three infected people on board. We won't allow you to leave this system. That's not possible.
