The son of a bitch designed the weapon. This red giant might be a red herring. He only told you his family was living near one of these stars. We don't know that the weapon is there. Too bad he didn't go for the Andorian ale. That would've loosened him up. I'd love to spend an afternoon taking this engine apart. Look how everything's tied in through their main deflector. I've built flight simulators for Starfleet training. This wouldn't be that different. How sharp [Command centre] do you want it? You heard the lady. [Command centre] Travis? Shut them down. The radiation from the debris is [Command centre] Overloading the hydraulic system. I'm working on it. [Shuttle] He's got to be lying, sir. Something must have happened during the radiation surge that tipped him off. They use some kind of phase deflector pulses. Once they're in, their ships can travel half a dozen light years in a couple of minutes. We'll fracture the hull if this goes on any longer. (Reed comes in with his two prisoners.) The vortex is starting to collapse. I need you to stabilise it. The pylons are buckling. (Flames come shooting up the inter-deck lift.) It wasn't me, Captain. (He checks his monitor.) TUCKER: I'll be damned. Travis inverted the warp field. It dropped us back into normal space.
If that mine had hit another metre to the left. We can't polarise the port bow plating until those breaches are sealed. Assuming we can find some tritanium alloy? Three or four months. And with this kind of damage the best I can give you is warp two, maybe two point one. The subspace antenna's damaged. All we've got is short-range. You serious? We might be able to board it, salvage some of the materials we need. It's reconfiguring to fit the saucer section. I don't see that we have a lot of options. They've isolated every hull breach, every damaged system. I'll be damned. We scratched the hull right here, a year ago. I bumped it with the inspection pod, remember? I was getting around to it. (Archer explores the wall monitors.) I don't think there's anyone back there. I wouldn't recommend giving up any hardware we can't replace. I think we can spare it. I'm telling you, the boys at Jupiter Station would take three months. If this their idea of a recreation facility you might want to ask for our plasma back. (T'Pol refers to the centre of a circular table.) It could be a transporter. An awfully small one. If we had one of these in Engineering we could make all the spare parts we need. I wonder what else is on the menu. One pan-fried catfish. (A plate, knife and fork, fish, twist of lemon, greens and two Not bad. Captain, you've got to try this. I know how he must have felt. I saw an entire transtator assembly replaced in fifteen minutes. It would have taken my crew a week. With this kind of technology Starfleet could build ships that maintain themselves. They wouldn't need Chief Engineers. Or Tactical Officers. You'd think a computer that can do all this would have to be pretty big. Our computer's the most advanced in the fleet and it's three decks high. So where is it? I ran a scan of the station a few hours ago. These are the docking berths. We're here. This is the diagnostic room. A machine capable of billions of calculations every nanosecond and it can fit inside the proverbial bread box. I'd love to get a look at that. I tried. Your inquiry was not recognised. Not necessarily. This cooling duct runs all the way to the center of the station. I saw an access port in one of the corridors. I haven't seen any no trespassing signs. We're explorers. Where's your spirit of adventure? Evening, Sub-Commander. [Launch Bay one] It was my idea, sir. Yes, sir. Depends on what you mean by interesting. It looks like he was trying to tap into the EPS grid when this relay overloaded. I don't get it. Travis would have checked with me before doing any maintenance. Malcolm and I saw him on the station about a half an hour later. He was having dinner with Hoshi. Tucker here. The canisters are almost ready, sir. Two hundred litres of warp plasma, as promised. Hold on. Hold on. There's a couple of problems we need to discuss first. Now, I'm not real happy with the quality of some of your work. Are you listening to me? I've looked at the bolt couplings you used to attach the new hull plating. I'm afraid they're not up to Starfleet specs. And the subspace amplifier you repaired? We're picking up distortion on all the high-band frequencies. We're not paying until we sort this out. (Archer pulls T'Pol up into the ventilation shaft.) What guarantee do I have that these duranium pins won't fly out the instant we jump to warp? On my world, we have an expression. The customer's always right. Maybe you should make that part of your programme. I want to know how someone files a grievance around here. [Station ventilation shaft] Sounds like you've got more important things to deal with. (He runs away. T'Pol disables the transporter sequence, then gets the iris open by firing at it. They make their way out of the shaft into a more shabby part of the station, where people are draped over benches hung from the ceiling at various heights, and hooked up to a what looks like a central unit.) [Station data core] Polarise the hull plating. Stand by weapons. (Power starts to fluctuate.) Try to lock out the main computer. Travis? It's been better. The station's got us by the thrusters. (sits at helm) Offline. Impulse and thrusters. It's no good. And if I fired up the impulse engines we'd probably tear off half the saucer section.
I bet you'd look good in Triaxian silk. Raw duratanium, dilithium ore. Found what? What'd you find? What are you saying, the ship was haunted? [Bridge] (Enterprise is in orbit of a planet.) But are your sensors calibrated for ghosts? So far D'Marr's batting a thousand. I'm reading duratanium, beryllium and dilithium. Let's get down there. D'Marr didn't say anything about bodies. Captain, we've taken more damage out here than we ever expected to. There's enough duratanium down there to patch a lot of hull fractures. According to D'Marr, Engineering should be that way. Aye, Captain. (They leave.) What is it? Rats, maybe? Well, then you probably imagined it. It's nothing to be ashamed of. A spooky ship, a missing crew things going bump in the night. It'd give anybody the creeps. Yeah, willies. Heebie-jeebies. What, don't you get frightened every once in a while? Not by anything? That's too bad. Nothing like a good scare. deleted scene There's got to be something that scares you. Heights, spiders? It's dilithium, all right. Huh. No. The crystals are in perfect shape. Wouldn't be that hard to get this ship flying again. (T'Pol swings her light behind them.) What is it? You said there weren't any biosigns. If you're trying to scare me I appreciate the effort, but(A We're not alone down here. Why didn't any of this show up on sensors? What's generating it? Then let's do some pinpointing. (A little further along he I can tell you're surprised to see us. You probably think we're scavengers. I'll be honest with you, that was pretty much the plan. But we didn't know there was anyone here. Believe it or not, we thought you were ghosts. (The group lowers their weapons.) So you set up this dampening field to hide. Their dilithium matrix is stable. They've got plenty of antimatter reserves. I think we can get this ship flying. Oh! You startled me. That's twice in one day. You ever say anything? Unless you're unable to say anything, in which case I apologize. (he returns to his work) I'm glad you finally decided to speak up. Thanks. You know a lot about your ship's systems? Well, stick around then. You can warn me about whatever else I need to keep my hands off. It's okay. I could use the company. Liana and her father rerouted power where they needed it. See here? They shunted helm control to airponics. I'll ask Liana to give you a hand. It'll go faster. She knows the ship's system inside and out. She kept me from getting fried on a live plasma feed. What's that supposed to mean? She's very competent. You're never going to let that go, are you. Thanks. (He takes a spoonful from the middle of the melon-like I'm not surprised. It's amazing you were able to survive out here. Why do I feel like it's feeding time at the zoo? Please. I wish more women paid that much attention to me. Well, nearly a third of the crew is female. Earth. I've got lady friends back there, but nobody special, if that's what you mean. Not anymore. What about your world? Kantare? Well, as soon as we get your engines fixed you'll be going back, seeing your friends. I bet you're looking forward to that. (her expression says otherwise) We're getting there. I've worked on something like this. On a Xyrillian ship. I can try. I'll need some diagnostic gear from Enterprise. Why don't you come along? (to Liana) I could buy you lunch. You've been marooned for three years. A change of scenery for an hour or two couldn't hurt. Okay. I'll be back before you know it. (Tucker and T'Pol leave.) Eighty three. Mostly. You met T'Pol. She's a Vulcan. And Doctor Phlox is from a planet called Denobula. Are you kidding? I'd never hear the end of it if I didn't introduce you. And there's Porthos, Captain Archer's dog. Oh, I guess you don't have a word for that. He's a mammal. Four legs, big ears, kind of cute. Not much. He's the Captain's pet. Well, I hope you'll have some time left for me. (opens door) So, tell me about Kantare. [Corridor] (The conversation continues uninterrupted.) Our mission's really just getting started. We haven't been to many planets yet. No idea. That's the fun part. If I had choose right now, I'd say this one. Go ahead. On my way. (to stocky, shaven-headed man) Billy, could you continue this lady's tour? I still owe you lunch. I'll meet you in the mess hall. [Ready room] Did T'Pol say something? Sir, I swear I've been nothing but a perfect gentleman. Oh. Strange behaviour? What's going on? They already told us what happened. What kind of an accident? Maybe that data module was damaged during the crash. That doesn't make any sense. Why wouldn't Liana have told me? It's Shilat, Captain. I saw him on their ship an hour ago. Alive. (Meanwhile, T'Pol is working at a display in the alien computer core, and using her scanner to translate some interesting text. She leaves) [Mess hall] (Liana is sitting on her own at a table, eating ice-cream.) Vanilla, huh? Oh, hundreds. I like Rocky Road. I never really thought about it. I guess because it's got nuts in it. It's also got marshmallows but I don't think that's got anything to do with the name. They're little, er. They're made of sugar, mostly. You know, I'm not sure what they are. Anyway, did you enjoy the tour? I'm sorry. Something important came up. Liana, how long have you been on this planet? I want you to tell me. Because our scans show your ship crashed twenty two years ago. That's what I told Captain Archer. I said there wasn't any reason for you to lie to us. Is there? (silence) We found one of your escape pods. Liana. There was a body in it. Been dead for a long time. It was Shilat. Can you explain that to me? Tell me what's going on. Is that what you really want? How old were you when your ship crashed. Five, six? Do you even remember what your home looks like? Where's T'Pol? I'm going to need her help. I'm not doing a thing until I see her. What's so important about this thing? You'd really kill us to keep it running? I don't care what your big secret is. It doesn't matter if you've been here three years or thirty. But you've got to think about Liana. We can help you take her home. You got a lot to learn about making friends. That's a pretty neat trick. Here you are watching me with a gun in your hand while at the same time your corpse is up on the Enterprise. What do you do for an encore? Then why don't you ask them to let me go? Maybe you could tell me how I'm being guarded by a dead man. That's why your father needs to keep this running. You can stop this. [Alien ship] Liana, please. If you don't, my friends could die. Please. (Meanwhile, Shilat walks through a wall and tackles Reed, Archer pulls him off. Liana removes two control chips from the console and the aliens disappear, their weapons falling to the floor, except for one man.) [Alien cargo area] They were holograms. She deserves more. And when you're gone? Are you going to let her bury you out in the hills, and live the rest of her life with these people you created? What if the relays burn out again? Then she'll really be alone. What if she gets hurt? What do you do then? Programme a holographic doctor? Maybe you have. Ask Liana how she feels. Ask her if just surviving is enough. (Enter Travis and T'Pol.) How's it going? That was fast. It's a protein resequencer. I figured you must be tired of eating the same food all the time. I programmed it for making ice-cream. Only five flavours, but they're good ones. You didn't think I'd send you off without Rocky Road. Are you sure you don't want us to stay for a while, lend a hand? So do you. (Liana kisses him.) TUCKER: Maybe I'll see you out there.
Didn't you say something about a war brewing down there? You could use another set of eyes down there, Captain. I'm a regular bloodhound. I'm telling you, something's gone wrong. We should hail them. Did you get a fix on the signal? That's more than thirty kilometres from the tavern. Where's the shuttlepod? They couldn't have travelled that far on foot. Not that fast. If there was a change of plan, they would've told us. We'd have more luck if we moved into a lower orbit. We could take Shuttlepod two, set it down here. They're being held less than thirty metres away. We'd be back in orbit before anyone knew they were gone. What if they didn't see us coming? We've still got that Suliban cell-ship, the one we used to rescue Klaang from the Helix. I've been working on it in my free time. I'm pretty close to figuring out how it works. If I can bring the cloak on line, we can get past their defences, grab our people, and no one will see a thing. I could use a hand. I don't get it. The power converter's engaged. Juice is definitely flowing through these relays. So why can we still see the ship? I've identified every other component. It's got to be it. Run the power-up sequence again. Hold on a minute, Travis. (Tucker presses a device to the centre of a display - there's a shock and he's thrown back out of the ship.) Just got the wind knocked out of me a bit. (Part of his tool box disappears, then Travis spots something else.) It tingles a little. How's that? They feel all right. What's your scanner say? Are you saying I'm permanently cloaked? Eventually? What am I supposed to do in the meantime? I can't work like this. (Phlox hands him a rubber glove.) Thanks.  [Detention centre - courtyard] (Gosis has the phase pistol.) Reconnect the diffraction relays and we'll give it another shot. (He sneaks another look under his rubber glove.) Still missing in action. I could probably become a world-class magician. Let's try it again. (Tucker gets out of the ship while Travis settles into the main seat.) TUCKER: Go ahead. (The outside of the front hatch fluctuates.) Not exactly. Shut her down. The cloaking generator's running at a hundred and ten percent, and it's still not enough. Let's route more power from the warp relays. Maybe that will do the trick. We're still reconfiguring the power matrix but I'm pretty confident We'll get it working on our way down if we have to. Look, invisible or not, this cell ship can take more of beating than our shuttlepod. They'll never see us coming.  [Detention centre - cell] There's a power drain in the cloaking generator. (The cell ship becomes visible as it reaches the cloud layer.) Are the warp relays offline? The weapon nodes are active. I thought we diverted power from the secondary systems. They may have been programmed to reactivate when we launched. Travis, can't you hold this thing steady? Stand by. (The cloak gets switched back on.)  [Detention centre - courtyard] Your ride's here. Captain? Yeah? What about this? Maybe nothing to you. Thanks, Doc. (As he presses the button to open the doors, we see there is still a small patch on Tucker's hand that is cloaked.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of   CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I can't believe you're letting them do this to us. You've waited all your life to command this ship. Are you crazy? How do we know how many Suliban are coming aboard? They could try to take over the ship. Leave her alone! Malcolm, can you hear me? Any better? It is. I'm routing the signal through the EPS grid. I can talk to any doorbell on B deck. [Reed's quarters] Same as you, I guess. Locked in tight. [Reed's quarters] I can't get in contact with T'Pol for some reason, [Tucker's quarters] And Hoshi and Travis are on C deck. One step at a time. The first thing I need to do is figure out how to tap into the door comms [Reed's quarters] On C-deck. I'll get back to you. Sit tight. It won't work. We can only access the decoupling pins from outside our quarters. [Travis's quarters] What's your definition of too tight? [Reed's quarters] Or Hoshi? What do you say, Hoshi? [Hoshi's quarters] You willing to give it a try? It's not that far, Hoshi. [Tucker's quarters] You can do it. We need you to do it. [Crawlspace] (Hoshi is having to slither and wiggle in the small space between pipes and stuff. At one point she looks down through a grill to see two Suliban patrolling a corridor. She gets to Phlox's quarters and knocks on the grill. He has been preparing some hyposprays.) Had to be sure they were preoccupied. You positive you're willing to do this? It could get pretty ugly. You've got thirty minutes. Let's go.(Reed makes it to Daniel's quarters after evading Suliban patrols, and undoes the magnetic lock. Inside, he retrieves the database projector from the back of a cupboard and leaves, replacing the lock, turns and sees two Suliban.) [Bridge] I'll try to remember that next time we have to fake a reactor breach. (Hoshi is at T'Pol's station.) Hoshi, any sign of the Vulcan ship? Son of a bitch, he did it. Good to hear your voice, Captain. [Cell ship] You guys have wanted to scrub this mission from day one. We proved to you that we didn't kill those thirty six hundred people, but you don't want to hear it. You're pathetic!
I ate in my quarters. Now that we've got the amplifier working I wanted to answer a few letters. Damn. Dinner and a show. The usual, engineering updates. Oh, and Duvall got promoted. They're giving him the Shenandoah. And I got a letter from Natalie. Yep. Natalie from Pensacola. Looks like I've got a charge imbalance in this manifold. I'll get right on it. You know, they say long-distance relationships never work. Well, this is about as long-distance as you can get. Oh, yeah. I just, I just wish I'd have had the chance to say goodbye face to face. [Corridor] I was in the Armoury yesterday for a few hours swapping out some power relays. Power relays. Really? Are you kidding? My mom would give you her recipe for pan-fried catfish, and wouldn't let you go till you promised not to screw it up. That's strange. That support frame's bent. We'll need to reinforce it. (crewman starts up with a welding torch) If that last shot had been about a half a metre higher we'd be looking at stars. There were thirteen people working in this section Captain, including yours truly. If that bulkhead had blown. (walking further along) I know we can do it. Most of the stuff we need is already on the ship. My engineers are just as good as they are. It'll cut down the time we'll have to spend in Spacedock. Our job is to get it up and running and build two more from scratch. The Captain is taking us back because he thinks this ought to be done by the boys in Spacedock. That means double shifts. By the time we reach Jupiter Station, I don't want their engineers to have a thing to do but give us a wash and a wax. Any questions? We all signed up for this trip because we wanted to do something no one had ever done before, not because we thought it'd be easy or safe. But we're not here to take foolish risks. The Captain and the rest of the crew are depending on us to keep Enterprise ready for anything. So what are you standing around for? [Bridge] Tucker to Archer. We've got the plasma leak [Engineering] Under control, but our port nacelle took a lot of damage. A couple of days. [Sickbay] That's the good news. [Engineering] It should be back online in a few minutes. [Sickbay] Targeting scanners will be online in an hour. You were a little hard on Eddie. Everyone's busting their tails to get this job done. (Reed gets an electric shock.) You okay? What were you trying to do? Why? Are you trying to make this blow up in your face? What if there's a surge? We've got to do this by the book, or we'll end up blowing a bigger hole in ourselves than the bad guys. When it comes to modifying ship systems, why don't you let the Chief Engineer decide what's an acceptable risk? I want to get this job done as quickly as you do, Lieutenant, but not if it means taking shortcuts that could get our people killed. You know, I can't sleep without the warp engines online. If I don't feel those vibrations, something just doesn't seem right. Well, with all due respect, Captain, you shouldn't be talking. It'll be online by the end of the day tomorrow, guaranteed. Could you check the dilithium alignment for me? Let me know if it drops below point oh three. Well, the Vulcans would have loved that. Towing the pride of Starfleet back to base. Keep an eye on it. Sure. I just didn't think I'd be seeing it so soon. Are your ears a little pointier than usual? If we hadn't launched when we did, they'd have sent Klaang back to Kronos in a box. Don't forget Porthos. In the old days, astronauts rode rockets with millions of litres of hydrogen burning under their seats. You think they said, gee I'd love to go to the moon today but it seems a little risky? I think if you asked anyone on board whether they thought this mission was worth the risk you'd get the same answer from every one of them. Aye, sir. [Cannon port one] Have you still got those guns of yours hooked up to the impulse engines? Hang on a minute. You're sure this'll work? Then based on the recommendation of the Armoury officer, the Chief Engineer finds the level of risk acceptable. The plasma recoil blew out relays across decks C and D. There. What's that? Hold on a minute. I think there's a way to handle the recoil. [Bridge] All that excess energy's got to go somewhere. [Armoury] Why not put it to use? If we repolarise the gravity plating to absorb the recoil, [Bridge] Then we can shunt the energy to structural integrity. We blew out the plasma relays on B deck but it's nothing we can't take care of. What about our friends? To our mysterious friends. I wish I could've seen the looks on their faces. (The clink of beer glasses.) If you really want to thank us, how about letting us sleep in tomorrow?
My sister wasn't big on memorials. Yes sir. Cargo bays one and three seem unaffected. About ten minutes ago. Ensign McFarlane got pretty banged up but he's going to be okay. Trust me, Captain. It's not the grav-plating. [Cargo Bay two] (They enter to see the contents of the bay all firmly sitting on right hand wall.) Careful, sir. Stay close to the door. They're scaring me. (The floor shakes, then everything 'falls' to the left hand wall.) I would have known by now. Elizabeth, please! Get out of there! (He watches helpless as the weapon bears down on her as she sits and waves at him. He wakes covered in sweat.) [Sickbay] (enters) Sir. We're going to end up stripping more than two hundred relays to get half a litre of liquified platinum, but you'll have it by this afternoon. I'm fine. (Archer leaves.) I've got to have something stronger to help me sleep tonight, Doc. Thanks. [Mine Foreman's Office]  You're aware this stuff is volatile above thirty degrees Celsius. I've insulated the outer container. It should keep everything pretty stable. (Archer keeps hold of the container.) Is trellium-D the only thing you mine here? I'm not familiar with it. What's it used for? I don't know what you're doing in this place and I don't particularly care, but we didn't come here to stage a prison break so why don't you just give us the co-ordinates and we'll all stop wasting each other's kind. You know, I'm not sure why, but I'm just itching to kick the hell out of you. Why is there a hatch here? What was that? (Another clang.) Why would they open the rest? They'll just help us escape I think the safest bet is to head back down to the last one. Shut up. Just shut up.  Wait a minute! What the hell? (They get to safety and shut the hatch just in time.) You stupid son of a bitch. I ought to open this hatch and throw you down into (He sees the guards waiting for them.) Nice shot. (There's an explosion.) That was before your little performance back there. Captain? (Archer checks Kessick, then they carry him off to the second pod.) [Bridge]  I must have been in the shower for two hours and I still had that crap in my hair and under my nails. Yeah. The two new guys that got hurt, are they okay? You've got to admit, their team did a pretty impressive job down there. Nothing your guys couldn't have done just as well. All right. [Sickbay] Tired. You said you'd give me something to sleep? No problem, Doc. Thanks. (Tucker leaves.)  Sorry to drop by so late, but Phlox said you were expecting this. I don't think I'd be very good company right now. Anyway, I still have a few more showers to take before I get all this trellium-D off me. Thanks, but it might keep me up. The Doctor just gave me a sedative. I never would have pegged you for an insomniac. Probably nothing a good hypospray couldn't cure. So why are you still having trouble sleeping? I don't really know if I can I'm not sure which of these is Right here? If I push any harder I'll knock you over. Glad to be of assistance. I'm really flattered, Sub-Commander, and don't think under different circumstances I wouldn't jump at the chance No. No, no, no, not at all. I, I was just. You see, the Doctor gave me this sedative and I think it's starting to work. Why didn't he just ask me? Oh, so this whole thing was just a set up. Intransigent! I know what it means, but it just so happens it's not true. I'm as willing to compromise as anyone else. Phlox said the Xindi used his dying breath to give us these coordinates. Why would he lie? I'm pretty sure there was a population here, Captain. I'm picking up refined metals and traces of alloys. Some of them match the hull of the Xindi probe. But, if it's not here
Can't forget Vulcan longevity, Captain. A hundred years from now? How old would that make you? It'll be nice to have a First Contact where no one's thinking about charging weapons. This is called vanilla and this is chocolate. Give it a try. Well, you just do. Exactly. This is Malcolm Reed, our Armoury officer. This is Traistana, a xenobiologist, and Veylo is a tactical officer. Why don't you sit down? The Captain did ask us to mingle. See you later. (We follow him to another table with a man and two women, one of whom is not eating.) I'm told you're the Chief Engineer. Thank you. Are you enjoying your food? I look forward to it. I'd also like to get a peek at your engine room. Trip Tucker. Welcome aboard. Cogenitor? Ah. Sure thing. [Sickbay] So, you've heard of these cogenitors. So you're saying that this man or woman or whatever, is a third sex? And she, it, is part of the impregnation process. I'm pretty familiar with how it works with two sexes, but What do you mean by provides? No, no, no, don't tell me. I don't think I want to know. I think I'll pass. So how long is this going to last? I might want to stay there for a while. That should be enough. Thanks, Doc. So you don't need magnetic confinement. Where we come from, Earth, there are only two genders. I don't mean to pry but, does every family have a cogenitor? And when they're not? Is the one I met the only one on your ship? I would. Thanks. So, does it live with you and your wife? What does it do when you're not What about school? Humans are very curious. That's impossible. A lot of things around here do, but I'm trying to keep an open mind. [Ready room] Captain left yet? Did you meet their Engineer? He and his wife are trying to have a baby. There was someone else with them. They called her a cogenitor. You know what that is? Well, she looks more like a her than a him. They treat her like a pet, kept in her room, not taught to read or write, no name. Porthos has a name. We're not talking about taking your shoes off when you walk into someone's house. This cogenitor's treated like one of Phlox's leeches. You pull it out of its tank when you need it, then you throw it back in. That's not what I'm talking about. This is a question of human rights. I'm not interested in discussing their habits. I'm concerned with the way they treat this cogenitor. Yeah, well, that doesn't make it right. You scanned them when they came on board. Don't you always do that? Is there anything you can tell me about the mental capacity of this cogenitor? Is it any different than the males and females? Is that something I could do? Just curious. The efficiency is up over thirty percent. Pretty impressive. We'd be very grateful. We don't have any married couples on Enterprise. Do they give you special quarters? I wish ours was. I've got a room not half the size of this one. I'd love to get a look at your quarters sometime. If I could describe it to Captain Archer, he might consider expanding my living space. Are you telling me you have a dining room? It's pretty mild, considering the smell. This must have taken you all day. Will your cogenitor be joining us? Oh, so in our mess hall Too bad. I was hoping to say hello.  So, by rotating the quantum inverters, you've tripled the antimatter flux? I haven't eaten anything since this morning. If you don't mind, I'll go to your mess hall, see what they're serving. I'll be all right. I'm sure I can find the way. See you in a little while? [Living quarters] (Tucker rings twice, and the door is opened.) I came to see you. I brought you this. It'll teach you how to read. (Inside, Tucker shows the PADD to a very uncertain cogenitor.) Now you try it. You just touch the word, then you'll hear it pronounced. Go ahead, try it. That's right. Now go to the next one. Good. Again. Who told you that? You're as capable as they are. As smart as they are. It's not a question of what they need. You have the same rights, to learn, to choose how you're going to live, to have a name. When Calla gives birth, who's going to raise the baby? Who's going to take care of it? Why? You're just as crucial in creating the child as they are. Okay, maybe. But we took scans. My doctor says you have the same potential as they do. The only thing that sets you apart is your gender. You're no more different than they are from each other. Haven't you ever wished you could read? It won't hurt you, you know. There's nothing to be afraid of. Amazing. I don't mean the mountains, I mean your reading. Look how much you've accomplished in a single day. And reading's just the tip of the iceberg. You could study all sorts of things. History, science. Engineering's not bad. You don't have to sit in this room all day. Then you've got to convince them. It's not just learning. It's experiencing things. Music, swimming in the ocean. You do have oceans on your planet? And how about those Didiron Mountains? Reading about them is one thing, climbing them is another. There you go. That's the right attitude. You keep at it. I've got to get back. They think I'm at the Astrometrics lab. But I'll see you as soon as I can. Yeah? Actually, my name's Charles. I'm flattered. [Stratopod] Punished? No, but they might get a little angry. Maybe I should take you back. Okay. We'll just have to be sure no one spots us. (further along) This is our transporter. It turns things into a matter stream that can be sent just about anywhere, within two thousand kilometres or so. Then it gets reassembled. I don't see why not. I don't think that would be a good idea. Sure. Follow me. [Engineering] (Tucker and the cogenitor go in through an unobtrusive hatch onto an upper walkway rather than using the main doors.) Coast is clear. That's our main engine. Fastest one in Starfleet. I've had it up to warp five point one. Your ship has an engine that's a lot more sophisticated than this one. No. My quarters are on B deck. Have you ever seen a movie? [Tucker's quarters] (Tucker and the cogenitor are going through the movie list on a monitor.) It's not easy picking a movie for somebody who's never seen one before. What would you think about a Western? No, not a Western. I don't think a musical would be right, either. Got it. The Day the Earth Stood Still. Nothing like a little science fiction to break you in. Yeah, but it's fiction. The Earth never really stood still. Sit down. You're going to love this. (She sits and watches the classic black and white movie, entranced. Later, they are sitting cross-legged on the floor playing Go.) Well, before we made first contact with the Vulcans, the people of Earth were pretty violent. They had a hard time trusting things they didn't understand. The characters in the film knew nothing about Klaatu. Who he was, where he came from. So, they tried to kill him. No one's beaten me at this in the last two years. It's getting late. We'd better get you back before they realise you're gone. [Situation room] I wasn't exactly where I was supposed to be. I was with the cogenitor. At first, in her quarters. Actually, they're not her quarters. They belong to the Chief Engineer and his wife. She gets a room to sleep in, and if she's real good she can use their living space. I'm teaching her how to read. What education? I brought her here, gave her a little tour, showed her a movie. One day, that's all it took her. In one day she was reading a geography text. You're not listening to a word I'm saying. [Engineering] (Tucker is at the warp engine when someone clears their throat to attract his attention.) I didn't see you. How you doing? You all right? Don't worry, they will. Give it time. It's not exactly a she, sir. In my quarters. Last night after supper. I did exactly what you'd do, Captain. It's not like I had much choice. I wasn't going to just I didn't think it would hurt to teach her how to read. Teaching her to read is no different than you giving them books or movies. No, sir. Come in. [Bridge] (The two ships have disengaged and gone their separate ways.) You wanted to see me, Captain? What? How? That can't be. Why? It's my fault. I'm responsible. I understand. You're not responsible. Captain? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Is it really a matriarchal society? I mean, the women make all the decisions? Still, it would probably be best if we didn't get too flirtatious. You think twenty years from now there'll be Earth colonies out this far? Human kids growing up on New Sausalito? Every light year. You know, I think I've heard you say that at least half a dozen times. (comm. beeps) That's the weird part, sir. The tetrazine levels were less than three parts per million. That's half what the protocol specified. When tetrazine is ignited by plasma exhaust, there's only one outcome you can be sure of. You got it. Cancelled? Twenty years? Starfleet won't buy that for a minute. Tell him he's crazy! Tell him that's guilt talking, not Jonathan Archer! I can't believe you're letting them do this to us. You've waited all your life to command this ship. But, sir. I would have thought you'd be a little more upset about leaving Enterprise. I wish I had your attitude. That's just the point. There won't be any nebulas in Starfleet's future. At least not for a decade or so. You're wrong, Doc. You worked with Vulcans. You know what they think of us. Enterprise coming back to Earth with it's tail tucked between its legs. It'll be Soval's crowning achievement. They'll probably give the son of a bitch some gaudy medal and then cart him off to wherever they send bitter old Vulcans to retire. You have to find something good in everybody, don't you. I got to tell you, that's one of your unique qualities that drives me crazy. I'll see you later, Doc. [Archer's quarters] Sorry to call so late, Captain, but all three inspection pods are getting their weekly overhauls tonight. They tell me they won't be ready till noon, so I figured you might want to sleep in. You must be reading my mind. I was just about to suggest the same thing. Positron-based, sir? Sir? Whoa, hold on a minute. You're saying the assembly's independent of the emitters? That's impossible. With all due respect, sir this is a level of quantum engineering that's beyond anything I ever learned. How the hell do you know this? Yeah. I saw him get vaporised by our friend, Silik. He's on Enterprise? Whatever you say. [Bridge] (T'Pol is holding the Suliban device.) I feel like a chef who's just made a meal with ingredients he's never tasted. To the letter. (piloting) Is that all? (The shuttlepod launches and flies to dock with the cruiser) [Suliban cruiser] (Archer uses his scanner to open the doors.) The stun grenade's on a three-second delay. (He throws it out and five Suliban fall from the corridor ceiling. They head out down the corridors.) [Armoury] I can't release the docking clamps. (The Suliban try to force their way in.) What are you guys doing to my engines? The computer ran its last diagnostic on them less than ten minutes ago. They look fine. It looks like we're in a swarm of cloaked bees. Captain, this is crazy. How do you know what they're going to do? The turbolift's on E deck. It's empty. I'm not reading his biosigns. He must be on the Suliban ship.
I noticed we changed course overnight. Inhabited? Then I'll start shining my boots. Oh. Better than six five? Warp seven? You had me going there for a minute. So you're taking me, right? This is just another part of the joke, right? : Now I know you're pulling my leg. What? Enterprise to Captain Archer. We're reading a ship closing on you, fast. You didn't tell us about any factions. You might have told us about your little war before you invited us down. I don't care what you call it. We just want to know where are people are. We're not going to sit on our hands and wait for a ransom note. Start scanning for human and Vulcan biosigns. (all walk forward to their bridge stations) We've got to start somewhere. [Room] It's practically under their noses. Looks like these people have a lot to learn about building a free society. Have you found human or Vulcan biosigns? What about the pod's transponder? Hold on, Malcolm. We don't even know if this is our pod. I don't want to go down and find it's some alien tractor. Who is it? Put them through. Yes. And you are? Wait, let me talk to the Captain. Hello? Were you able to trace it? Probably thought of something else they want. Put it up. He's not here right now. Can I help you? You guys made great time. We weren't expecting you until tomorrow. We've got a bit of a problem. She's not here either. She and the Captain were on their way to the capital city when they were kidnapped. I'm telling you, they were kidnapped. Maybe the ransom demand we just received gave us a clue. They threatened to kill them both if we didn't give them what they want. Maybe we're not dealing with the most rational people down there, did you consider that? What the hell's that supposed (Transmission ends.) I'm getting real sick of being cut off. [Situation room] What does that mean? Did it ever occur to you that that could get the Captain and T'Pol killed? You're awfully trigger-happy for someone who's repressed his emotions. You don't really care what happens to them, do you? You probably wouldn't mind if they got caught in the crossfire. You'd consider it payback for what happened at P'Jem. Not even if it saves lives? Sorry, we don't have anything. (The Vulcans leave.) Warm up the shuttlepod. [Room] (The pair are even more thoroughly tied, with ropes connecting ankles to knees and wrists and then to necks. A guard brings them a plate of food each and places it at their feet.) I guess not everyone gets to live in Emerald City. What the hell are you doing here? How do you know what Sopek told me? That was a secure transmission. I'm no fan of the Vulcans, but they're not warmongers. You tried to kill us last time we met. Why are you trying to help us now? You're right. You never would have found that spy station without his help. How'd you get this level of detail? It is if you get the Captain killed. You're outnumbered four to one. Wouldn't you like to improve those odds? Captain, can you hear me? It's me and Malcolm, sir. We're about half a kilometre away. Not exactly. We met up with some old friends down here. Andorians. Apparently, one of them thinks he owes you a favour. One of the people guarding you is working with them. When he unties you, head for the gate. It's about twenty metres from the building you're in. Until he shows up, just sit tight. Cold, isn't it? Andorian ale? (Tucker offers a bottle to two sentry guards.) It'll warm you up. (One takes a swig while the inside man sneaks past and peels back some corrugated sheeting to let Shran and Tholos in. Putting the metal back makes a noise.) Oh, it's just my friend. Nothing to (One guard goes to investigate, the other slams Tucker against the wall, interrupting his dialogue.) Get off me. Hey, let me go. (More guards are attracted to the disturbance, and Tucker knocks out his assailant with the bottle while the Andorians take out two more. Reed joins Trip at the gate and Shran lets them in. They head in but there is an explosion at the gate.) What the hell is going on? (Vulcans come through the hole they've created and start a gun fight with the remaining guards.) [Room] (Shran's agent comes to free Archer and T'Pol but gets shot in the back.) You're the ones who have their comm. system bugged. We've got to get them out of there. (Shran and Trip run for the room Archer and T'Pol are in while Reed gives covering fire against the Coridans) [Room] Good to see you, Captain. Vulcans crashed our rescue party.
If it's all the same to you, Captain I'll sit this one out. Well, I'm up to my ears in work. The impulse manifolds need to be purged, the gravity plating on C deck still isn't aligned. Desert, sir? The heat, the dry air. You know how it sucks the life out of me. Survival training in the outback? Drinking recycled sweat and eating snake meat? That's your idea of a great time? Promise I won't have to eat any snake meat? [Shuttlepod] (Landing on a very desert planet.) It's hotter than hell out there. Forty one degrees. It was just a couple of clogged injectors. From orbit, you'd think the entire planet's nothing but sand. Two thirds water. What's that called again? I must have lost about three kilos during that last week. The heat always takes away my appetite. I guess I'm getting acclimated. They haven't bothered us since. Looks delicious. What is it? What are these little chunks? Now? I just ate half a teracaq. I'll give it a shot, Captain. Never better. (The game resumes with vigour.) Two centimetres to the right and you'd have had it. All right. hat's going on? Can't we at least finish this quarter? Well, thanks for one hell of a game. What the hell was that? Who told you that? If it's all the same to you, we'd rather get back to Enterprise. That damn midfielder knocked me down three times during the last quarter. I must've bruised half a dozen ribs. So, does the great warrior have any ideas about how we're getting out of here? You're not thinking about helping these people? T'Pol's ears must be burning. Want your Chief Engineer's advice? Walk away. They lured us down here under false pretenses, and now they're asking us to help them fight a war? That's a lot different than breaking a few innocent people out of prison. I don't know about you, but I'd rather take my chances out in that desert. Not tonight. (They dash to the shuttlepod for supplies, and then make their getaway.) [Bridge] Two men out in the open. You'd think they would have spotted us by now. We're down here! You sure we're going in the right direction? How far? Thirty? What if we find more of Zobral's men inside? All I saw was sand. I don't remember any buildings. Didn't they also say something about only walking at night? Twenty minutes, Captain. Ten? (He falls to his knees.) TUCKER: To cherry-flavoured snow cones. What It sounds like a ship. No, listen. Over there. A shuttlepod? Yeah. [Situation room] My shift doesn't begin for another six hours. Where? Where are we going? ARCHER: Nice little place I know. Plenty of shade. Are there blankets down there? I'm freezing. No, sir. I won't take another man's water. Got to keep moving. Thanks. [Bridge] Home, sweet home. (Archer finds a metal bowl with some water in Now, this is my idea of a great time. (Tater, Archer has got a fire going and is ladling water into a bottle.) What'd you do, rub two sticks together? No thanks. I'm not thirsty. Worse than blood soup. What I need is sleep. A coma? That sounds nice. Aye, Captain. What? You got to be kidding me. Well, there's the drumsticks, thighs, wings. You got anything to eat around here? Not snake meat. Prime rib. Mashed potatoes with mushroom gravy. The kind he makes on Wednesday nights. Broccoli. Pecan pie. [Shuttlepod] (Flying low at night, search light scouring the sand.) Geography? We're going to Rhode Island? Oh, D. Er, Draylax. There's always That's not a real place. Of course it matters. All right, whatever you say. Xanadu's fine. Archer looks out of a window at a bright object heading towards them What? I'm just slowing you down. Go.
Nah, the Captain's got to be in the Captain's chair. Tilt your chin up. You've got a stanchion growing out of your head. Swivel to the right about ten degrees. Every recruit walking into Starfleet Command is going to see this on the wall. There's a reflection from that status display. (to T'Pol) Could you kill the monitors in the Situation Room? Come on, T'Pol. The artist in Oakland needs a good picture to paint from. Except for the really important ones, who get mummified. (Archer gets up and walks.) Captain Archer in command. Maybe they want to be left alone. A single ship on a dark planet? Maybe they're on their honeymoon. [Shuttlepod] If the bugs glow in the dark, at least you can tell when they've crawled into your sleeping bag. Bore worms? Sounds like a good idea. (T'Pol leaves too.) Have fun. If the Captain says he saw her, he saw her. Sir? What are you going after today? I'll get my camera. So, she was wearing a nightgown? You think she's real. Captain, it doesn't make any sense. I remember a poker game at Jupiter Station once. Other than that. That might qualify. She must have been some woman. [Jungle] (The hunters see the drayjin again, then over to the side, a rock turns into a giant slug and moves off.) Captain? (Archer turns and gets a flashlight shone in his face. When he looks back she has gone.) You disappeared on us. What are you doing out here? What did that? How's he doing, Doc? I'll let the Captain know. They call it a drayjin. It looks like a big nasty pig. Kind of tastes like one, too. What am I looking at? You lost the Drayjin but at least you got some scars to show for it. Apparently. You mean ghosts? What right do they have to come to this planet and shoot the locals? Evening, Captain. Get you anything? Milk, cold. You mean besides 'There was a young lady from Ipswich'? And? Captain. Why do you think this shape-shifter reached into your mind and picked an image you'd almost forgotten? Maybe that poem's been on your mind more than you realise. You sure? You look pretty rattled.
We've routed some more power to Sickbay. Let me know if it's enough. How's sluggo? We've been out here for two weeks and the only first contact we've made is with a dying worm. [Ready room] (Archer reacts to a strange squeak.) Anyone sitting here? Sluggo any better? Resequenced protein. Wasting time seems to be all we've been doing. Starting to get a little antsy. Restless. We've been on the move for two weeks and haven't seen a damn thing. Not really. It's good to see you're enjoying yourself. [Bridge] How big is it? They could be running some kind of a deep space experiment. Maybe we should go have a look. I'm not getting anything on their propulsion system, but it may be offline. Something, isn't it. Captain, mind if I push in on the venting ports around that hatch? If there is anyone home, you can bet they know we're out here. Point nine metres. I want to go with you. What makes you think you can open the hatch, or turn the light on for that matter. That ship could have a lot of decks. You might need someone to help you figure out the turbolifts. Okay, I've got a better reason why you need an engineer. Because your engineer signed onto this mission of exploration so he could do a little exploring. He didn't sign on to sit in Engineering while you three get to break into that ship. You're chomping at the bit to find out what's in there. Why should I be any different? What kind of pasta is this? It's great. (Archer's mind is elsewhere.) Not too spicy for you? Malcolm's anxious to run another weapons test, especially after what happened. Tea? Captain? (pours iced tea) I heard they were humanoid. Is that right? Did they look anything like us? But you didn't recognise the species. I saw one once through the big lens outside Anchorage. You said it yourself, sir. Whoever killed those people are probably coming back. Aye, sir. Beats me. Could be a laundry list or instructions on how to conquer the universe. Their transceiver's intact. Let's hope the next time we make first contact it isn't with a room full of corpses. A minute or two. I can't get enough of this. An alien spaceship sending off a message to who knows where. It's your second away mission in two days. I wish I had an ear for languages. The Captain's going to need a translator with him a lot more often than an engineer. Wow. You serious? Give it a try. You'll be fine. You can't be sure of that. The nacelle's been completely depolarised. I'm afraid we're stuck here for a while. [Bridge] (A vertical beam goes around the Bridge.)
Some geologic fireworks. Could be fun.  You'll be glad to hear the thermal scanners are up and running. Yep. We'll drop six of them in high orbit. That should give us a bird's-eye view of every volcano on the planet. You know, there's not going to be a lot to do once we get there. Sensors will record everything automatically. I've talked Chef into doing something special. Starting Tuesday, it's going to be movie night every night. Thought you might be interested, seeing how you enjoyed that western. We're going to be showing the three greatest horror movies ever made. Frankenstein, Bride of Frankenstein and Son of Frankenstein. We might even throw in Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein. How do you know if you've never seen one? You don't have to see all of them. Just come the first night. I promise you'll like it. Reanimated life forms, science run amok, they're right up your alley. [Mess hall] Just a quick tour of the engine room. That's all I'm asking. Zephram Cochrane designed that engine himself. I've heard rumours that he personally signed the inside of each reactor casing. Oh, almost forgot. (They reach the airlock, and Trip hands over a PADD.) A few family photos. I downloaded every picture I've taken since we left Spacedock. Thought your mom might like to see what her boy's been up to. You bet. [Horizon corridor] I can help with that.  So, you coming tonight? Well, you'd better make up your mind. Seats are going to fill up fast. Mary Shelley wrote it, the wife of a famous poet. You expect a Mess hall full of crewmen to sit still while someone reads to them? You want to start a book club, go right ahead. You're going to be there tonight, aren't you, sir? I'll save you some popcorn. (leaves) Really.  I find it hard to believe that no one on Vulcan's ever heard of a horror movie. What did you think of the story? Doctor Frankenstein. That's one way of looking at it. You're kidding.
Well, it looks like you're taking enough clothes to last a year. I told the Captain I wanted to stay aboard and supervise the refit, but he suggested I take a break. More like an order, actually. Problem is, I'm not sure where to go. Lizzie's gone, my home town doesn't exist anymore. Guess this is my home now. To Vulcan? Where would I stay? Oh, your mom's house, huh? What does she know about me? About us? So you'd introduce me as? Eleven hundred hours, huh? I'd better start packing. [NX02 - Columbia - Bridge] (She is still being fitted out in Spacedock.) What about that volcano we saw on the way down, Mount Tar'ana? It still active? Volcanoes, ancient ruins, fire plains. I'm not sure where to start. So, this is where you grew up. It's not like I imagined. Well, it's beautiful. Well, I had no doubt about that. You always were a snazzy dresser. I'm Charles Tucker. Pleased to meet you, ma'am. (He manages the v-salute, and she responds.) Come in. What time is it? You're kidding. Well, I'd be happy to take a look at it. If I can recalibrate a warp reactor, I ought to be able to handle a kitchen appliance. That's true for the most part. I just want to thank you for letting me stay here. T'Pol says thank you all the time. (T'Les washes the vegetables she's brought.) T'Pol's lucky. It's nice to have a place to go home to. I knew we had some kind of chemistry the first time we got into an argument. I never had fun arguing with anyone before. I got the impression T'Pol wasn't going to say anything to you. The field generator just needed a little adjustment. As good as new. You know, if we have time when we get back to Earth, I'd like to show you some sights, return the favour. Everything okay? Marry him? I don't get it. Are they forcing you to do this? You told me three years ago you didn't even love this guy. So you're just going to leave Starfleet, move back to Vulcan? Negotiating? That's real generous of them. And how am I supposed to take this? You're sorry. You brought me sixteen light years just to watch you get married to someone you barely know. [Daytime in the mountains] Come in. I'll be there as soon as I can. Know any good tailors? (T'Les does up his collar for him.) Aren't you bothered by the fact that T'Pol doesn't even care for this guy? Informed her of what? I don't think I knew it until we were standing over that lava field and she told me she was going to marry Koss. That's when it hit me. I was going to lose her. I wanted to tell her right there, but I couldn't. I thought you didn't approve. If I say anything, T'Pol might call off the wedding. Or worse, not call it off. She's got enough pressure on her as it is. I don't want to make things any more complicated. [T'Pol's family home -  living room] (Koss is striking the gong to summon everyone.)  You look amazing. Wouldn't miss it for the world.
We could try disabling it. It's going to take at least a couple of hours to get up to speed. Great, but unless we plan to fly in ass first we'd better figure out how to make it go forward. Let's cycle through these console settings again. Try the port actuator. We'll keep that in mind. Thank you, sir. Trouble? Sorry! [Bridge] Sensors are up and running. Let's get this show on the road. [Bridge] Five hundred metres, two hundred. Here we go. [Bridge] We're in. Xindi patrol ship, coming up from behind. They're hailing us. Hoshi, don't fail us now. We had a slight navigational malfunction that threw us off course. It's been corrected. Understood. [Bridge] I'm still getting trace kemocite readings, but not enough to indicate a large-scale weapon. And what land there is doesn't have any life on it. Take us down, Travis, closer to the surface. Adjust twenty degrees starboard. I think so. (A dark mass in the water.) And you said we could probably fly it inside a gas giant. Hell, it's only water. (They dive in.) Take us deeper. Negative z axis ten degrees. (they fly down a canyon to see something round, and huge, with lots of ships around it) There's a lot of activity on the right lower hemisphere. I want to have a look inside. That's exactly what we're going to do. It's definitely in the final phases of construction. Most of the work that's going on seems maintenance related. There's room in the shuttle. I practiced on those controls. I can get her in. Captain, you want a senior officer on this, don't you? Captain? A couple of hours to get the torpedoes in place. Give 'em hell, Captain. Still nothing. It's been over two hours. He should have reached the weapon by now. Travis and I got there in twenty five minutes, and we didn't know where to look. Do you think it's possible our sensors could have missed the explosion? Whatever you're doing, can't it wait? Right now your place is on the Bridge. No matter what happens to the Xindi weapon, the Captain isn't coming back. You're in command now. The crew needs to know you're on top of things and it doesn't help if you're holed up in here. I'm just trying to help. This isn't easy for any of us. T'Pol? Dismissed? I say we go in. Get as close as we can and try to take out the weapon. We can't just sit here. And do what? You've got to be kidding. What happens if you fail? Are we supposed to just keep sending people in until there's no one left? You're missing my point. [Launch bay] I don't think you're doing this to make peace, I think you want to try and save the Captain. Why do I get the feeling you haven't thought this through? I'm not just going to sit still and watch you fly off and die. T'Pol. I won't let you do this. What the hell's wrong with you? That last hit took out the starboard nacelle. We're dead in the water. Bridge! Bridge! [Bridge] Tucker to the Bridge. If you can hear me, I've got coolant leaks all over the place. We're evacuating. Everybody out! (As the Xindi continue to cut Enterprise into pieces, bodies float out of hull breaches and T'Pol sits wide-eyed and silent, waiting for the end.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
It's identical to the other two. Even the smallest features are exactly the same. I'd like to see the factory that made these. Well, that's the last sensor sweep. Should give T'Pol plenty to chew on for a while. (They fly off through the cloaking barrier.) I think we're getting the hang of this. I can't believe you're going along with this. Aye, Captain. Make yourself at home. [Archer's quarters] I'm telling you, I didn't do anything. Ask your flunky over here. He's been looking over my shoulder the whole time.
We're playing with fire, Captain. It's just a matter of time before this injector gives up the ghost. Yeah, but it can't run on three. You know what happens at warp speed when you've only got three plasma injectors online. I'm not comfortable with four, Captain. We need five. What the hell happened down there, anyway? How? You didn't eat cabbage before you left. Their components are metallurgically sound, dependable. We could look for six months and not find anything half as compatible. You're a trained diplomat. Take the high road. There's got to be some way you can kiss and make up. (crawls out of bed) Something wrong, Captain? Give me a minute. [Sickbay] Captain wants to see me. Sir? What happened, sir? You look terrible. I'm sorry to hear it, sir. Is there something I could do? Excuse me? It's a matter of time. The longer we have to rely on four injectors, the greater the stress. Problem is, I have no idea how long it would take to repair the one that's malfunctioning. Probably be down to three. Well, with three injectors, we'd be lucky to reach warp speed. I had a grade school teacher who was certain I stole a pencil off her desk. I think it was a pencil. She wasn't going to let me go on the field trip to Pensacola unless I apologised. My mother told me I should tell her I was sorry, but I said I didn't steal the damn pencil. You know what she told me? It's okay to apologise when you shouldn't have to, just as long as you don't mean it. (He leaves Archer to try and sleep again) [Bridge]
Some kind of stealth ship. So what do you think, Travis? Could this pilot have been a cargo hauler? That's got to be a world record for hitchhiking. I still can't find any plasma exhaust ports. Not even a thruster quad. How did this thing make it into deep space without an engine? Even an escape pod would need some kind of propulsion system. [Ready room] Organic circuitry? Not a bad idea. (They remove it and find a hatch underneath it.) What's this? (They unlock and remove it and shine their torches in.) Malcolm? Good. Means I'm not hallucinating. How can a ship be bigger on the inside than the outside? Hand me that hyperspanner. (He drops it down the hole - it hits bottom after two seconds.) Got to get my spanner back. Say again, Malcolm? (Tucker climbs down, and Reed follows. At the bottom they go into a chamber taller than they are and bigger than the pod sitting in the launch bay. Let's start calling it a Tardis, shall we?) I've read a few papers on spatial geometry. I never heard a theory that would explain this. The Captain'll never believe us. He's going to have to see this for himself. (He looks at an object in the room.) What do you think, a warp reactor? (looking at damage) Looks like a breach, overload of some kind. This could be a release pin. (removes the component) Let's get it to Engineering. [Bridge] (The Suliban start firing on Enterprise, giving everyone a good shake.) Tucker to the Bridge. The comm.'s down. (A Suliban crawling across the ceiling jumps on him and knocks him out. Reed dashes for a weapon, but there are others, and he only gets one.) It was heavily shielded. Whatever this thing is, it must be pretty important. Might be the black box. That's assuming we can get it working. It seems to use the same organic circuitry as the rest of the ship. Captain, I got to take you down into that chamber. You're not going to believe your eyes. All right, let's start reinitialising the power grid. What does? You're probably the kind of person that jumps to the end of a book before you read it. Wondering about the future and knowing it are two different things. Some things are better left a mystery. Where's the fun in exploring if you know how it all turns out? Hand me that micro-caliper. Suppose you could look into some future book and find out the name of the woman you're going to marry. Would you want to know it? Fine. So one day you meet Jane Doe. You go out a few times, and you pop the question. She says I do, and the two you live happily ever after. Now, did you marry her for love, or because some book told you to? Well, we've got power. Now we've got to figure out how to tap into these organic circuits. We might be able to salvage some of them, build an interface. [Launch bay two] Now if I had a chance to see the past, I'd jump at it. I always wanted to meet a stegosaurus. The stegosaurus was an herbivore. What happened in 1588? I'm sure some named Reed had a lot to do with that. (They haul a plate off the Tardis exterior) (entering the bay) Now if I had a chance to see the past, I'd jump at it. I always wanted to meet a stegosaurus. The stegosaurus was an herbivore. How'd I know you were going to say that? (entering the bay) Now, if I had a chance to see the past, I'd jump at it. He'd probably make a quick meal of you. It was the weirdest thing. When we were standing next to the ship, it felt like we were having the same conversation over and over again. How do you explain what happened? The power's online, but we still can't access the data. It's what we don't have. This isn't a black box. We thought it was a data storage matrix, but after we got the power running it started generating a subspace signature. I think it's a micro-transmitter, some kind of emergency beacon. The antimatter injectors are fused. I'll need a few hours to replace them. Every power relay on the ship's been scrambled. Sir? [Bridge] Aye, Captain. [Bridge] I need that power module. All right, hand me a micro-caliper. [Bridge] I wish we'd had more time to explore that ship. Who knows how many other rooms were down there? Looks like they sent the whole kit and caboodle back to the thirty first century. Well, there's no evidence to contradict it, either. What I don't understand is how quickly everything disappeared. That beacon was online for less than a minute. Irrelevant? Unfortunately, time isn't irrelevant in my engine room. I've got repairs to finish. See you later. Sub-Commander. (Tucker leaves.)
I'm sorry about to bother you. I'm having a little trouble falling asleep. I think my insomnia 's come back. It's been weeks since our last session. We've all been under a lot of stress lately. I thought it might do us both some good. Why? You told me it takes years to master neuro-pressure. I'm not that quick a study. Look, truth is I'm sleeping fine. I ain't come for neuro-pressure, I came because I'm worried about you. You've been keeping to yourself a lot lately, even more than usual. You spend every free moment in your quarters, you even asked Chef to bring your meals here. Come on, you've got to admit you've been avoiding me ever since the two of us, you know, when we That's real romantic when you put it that way. I never said I wanted a relationship. You helped me get through a rough patch, and I'm grateful. I just stopped by to see if I could return the favour. It's the strangest thing. I look at you and I see my father. Right here, around the eyes. Now the ears, those are your mothers. Wait a minute, you smiled. Pretty dry reading. I hope I gave you some hands-on training as well. There's something you're not telling me. What happened? It couldn't have been easy growing up without the old man around. Sorry I wasn't there. Maybe you could tell me more about your mother. How the two of us got together. Doesn't seem like we're talking about the same T'Pol. I just can't see myself married to her. I suppose if we were marooned on a desert island. Have you spent any time talking to Lorian? You should. He seems like a good kid. Only in the Expanse could I have a son who's nearly three times my age. Who would have thought you and me, huh? Lorian says we're going to be married in a traditional Vulcan ceremony. It's going to take me weeks to learn to pronounce the vows. You know where we're going to have our honeymoon? Cargo bay three. He says I'll fill it up with sand that we dug up from a passing asteroid. I'm even supposed to (laughs) I'm even supposed to manufacture a palm tree. Aren't you at all curious about how you and I are supposed to end up together? You're afraid to admit that under the right circumstances you could have feelings for me. Maybe you have them already. What? You know, all the other women on board must have been taken, because I can't imagine any other reason why I would have married someone as stubborn as you. I'll go help Rostov with the port manifold. You seem to have everything under control. [Deleted scene - Sickbay] I want those starboard modules recalibrated first. What the hell are you doing? We won't be able to go to warp without those injectors! Take some advice from your old man. You don't want to do this. Tucker to the Bridge. The last torpedo took out the primary drive coil. [Bridge] I've got to shut down the port engine.
 It looked like we had a lead on that Xindi ship, the one we planted that tracking devise on, but it turned out to be a garbage scow. A week ago, but your upgrades are working nicely. Well, I should get back to Engineering. See you both later. (Tucker leaves.) Blow them out the airlock. We should have hull plating and torpedoes in the next couple of hours. The warp drive's another question. The starboard nacelle’s a lost cause, half the coils have been fused. If we were at Jupiter station, three weeks. Out here I’d have to rebuild the coil assembly from scratch. Six months minimum. For now the best I can give you is a warp one point seven. How can we keep going with one warp engine? What the world where you thinking when you rammed that ship? Since the Captain got sick, this mission’s taken one wrong turn after another.  This planet's barely Minshara-class. Maybe we should’ve picked one with a little more blue and green on it. I’d like to head down with a survey team and start scouting for colony sites. Me? You’re the one they deal with. You’re sure you want to do this? You’re making one hell of a sacrifice. Why? It’s good to see you sir. Old habits. I apologise for the low lighting. We’re running on reserve power. Antimatter’s at a premium these days. Nine years. I’ve got some people who’d like to say hello. (Reed has grown a beard.) Malcolm’s taking over the Intrepid from Ramirez. There’s a reception in the Mess hall if you’re feeling up to it. Is it a ship? We’ve better check it out. Lay in a course. [Engineering] (Archer is lying in a perspex tube, with a couple of green lights flashing above his forehead.) Is it Xindi? Open up a channel. This is Captain Charles Tucker. Is there something we can help you with? Follow him. Target one of his nacelles. (Three shots later, the little ship You picked an odd place for a business transaction. Who hired you? Was it the Xindi? Maybe we didn’t give his vessel a close enough look. Go back to the launch bay, use a plasma torch and slice that ship into neat little pieces. Keep at it until you find some evidence that supports his story. Hired by who? What did you tell them? Answer me. [Sickbay]  What’s the problem? Those are my orders. Look, I’d do anything to help the Captain, but we’ve got bigger problems at the moment. Earth’s gone. Doc. I’m sorry. We need all the power we’ve got for the weapons. Well, we can’t just run up the white flag. I’m on my way. We'll talk about this later. [Bridge] Charge the phase cannons. Is everyone in position? Fire! Remind me to send a note to General Shran. Adjust your heading. Three one oh mark two seven. Full impulse. What about the others? Target the second one. I think we’re going to find out how much of a beating these new shields can take. [Sickbay] Tell them to withdraw. Hard to port! (The top of the ship is blown off.) [Corridor] (They come out of the tube to a status panel.)
You forget something? Biggs! Get the commander a radiation meter. You don't want to end up like me, do you? I've absorbed enough delta rays to guarantee my grandchildren glow in the dark. They say for every year you spend next to one of these things, you lose a decade off your life expectancy. Which means I'll probably be dead by the end of the week. Well, you're his First Officer. You could talk to him for me. I did you a favour once. And I haven't. Several times, as I recall. So, how many years is it until your It'll take at least a day. The power surge disabled other systems. Internal sensors are down, we've lost grav-plating on G deck. My people can investigate this. I don't need his kind crawling around, pulling relays. I didn't! (Reed is at the controls and enjoying himself.) Reed, I'll kill you when I get out of this! Captain, you've got it all wrong. It wasn't me! Please, Captain. I've always been loyal to you! A doorway. I hope you didn't pay too much. You can barely see anything. So what? How does this help us? I'll need another minute to calibrate the field converters. I spent four hours in the Booth because of you. You disabled the alarms in that junction and made it look like I did it. The hell I am! I think I'd remember if I had sabotaged the ship! What did you do to me? You're going to regret what you did. Engineering to Bridge! We're ready. [Bridge] I'm going to have to channel everything except auxiliary power. Look at the size of those coils. I'll bet that thing could do warp seven. (at the science station) We should be able to overload the reactor from here. Maybe you'd like to take a stab at it. Almost there. (Lights come on, panels activate, and from outside we see the nacelles start to spin up.) I'll see what I can do.
Tucker to the Bridge! What's going on, Captain? The engines just went down. Both. [Bridge] Aye, sir. Somebody seems to know what we like to breathe. Florida in November. Look at that. (The wisps are circling Enterprise.) They sure look there to me. Captain. (Some light blue wisps swirl around them.) What the hell happened? I think I was up on the ceiling with those things. I was looking down at the three of us, but not with my eyes. I can't explain it. I was in Tarpon Springs, too, swimming with Lisa. She was afraid it was getting too dark. I know the difference between a dream and something really happening. I'm telling you, I was there. [Sickbay] (Trip is in the Decon chamber.) I don't forget Florida, Captain. I don't care how far away it is. I was there. (Phlox cuts off the intercom.) What happened to the comm.? You three talking about me? (Phlox switches the intercom back on.) Thanks, Doc. [Locker room] (Changing out of the space suits back into their uniforms.) I'm fine. I can't believe how amazing it was. I'll see what I can do. Tarpon Springs. I'll keep you posted. (Tucker leaves.) I'm fine. Goodbye, sir. (Tucker leaves through a small hatch that another crewman just came out of.) Commander Charles Tucker III. Yes. It's all very good. Have you ever tried this? I've never eaten anything before. I'm here. Charles Tucker III. He's exploring another realm. My realm. But he'll be back. Please trust me. He's experiencing things he never thought he could. It's not a question of where. He's no longer corporeal. But he will be again, I assure you. Wisp. Interesting word. Wisp. Wisp. Yes, I suppose you could call us that. Wisp. We live in subspace. We travel through it. We're explorers, like you. It's been a long time since we've encountered corporeal beings. After we performed the first crossing with your commander, we realised we were compatible. You're very interesting. Trapped in bodies that need maintenance. You have gender. You require mates to reproduce. You eat food. We were like you once, but we evolved. Now we can learn how our ancestors lived. Your crewman will be returned. You claim to be an explorer, Captain. Open your mind to new possibilities. (Enterprise is released into space.) I've enjoyed my time with you. Wow. I was riding right alongside Hopalong Cassidy chasing some bad guys. Then I was with Lisa again, except this time we were snow sailing in New Zealand. Then I was eight years old, maybe nine, picking up leaves with my dad. But it wasn't a dream, Captain. It was as real as I'm sitting here. They told me you can try it. Anyone on the crew. They did. The ones I was with. I was, but it's hard to explain. You should try it. You'll understand what I'm talking about. You all should try it. Captain, I'm fine. Tucker. They're going to give him back, aren't they? What did you do with the, er? [Corridor] Right away, sir. You heard him. (to Rostov) Let's try to prime the deuterium pumps and fire up the injectors. Tucker to Ensign Cook. I need you and two other engineers down here right away. Quickly please. Tucker out. Something wrong? (He goes to where Did you have any luck priming the pumps? Stay here. I'll be right back. Tucker to the Captain. [Turbolift] It's Rostov, sir. I think you need to get Malcolm. [Engineering] I mean, whoever's running Security, down here right away. [Bridge] Run into a problem? Great. Wait till I give you the signal. [Bridge] You've got impulse engines back, Captain. Tucker to Ensign Mayweather. I'm a little short-handed, Travis. [Engineering] Think I could get you to go back to the starboard nacelle and re-polarise the warp coils? [Bridge] Call me when you get to the catwalk. Yes, Captain? The catwalk's reinforced with osmium alloy, but it's hard to say if that would do it. I'm on it. [Bridge] I'm fine. What's going on, Doc? I was just at a barbecue. I've never seen so many ribs. (Phlox helps him to his feet.)
Close enough to get some nice pictures. Sir? Wh-What about it? Is there a problem? I always assumed it was the best seat in the house. I was going to purge the impulse manifolds. Aye, aye, sir. [Ready room] (The monitor shows a portion of text about Henry Archer, Jonathan Archer's father.) (to his assistant) Push it forward. That's good, hold it there. This may not be as glamorous as a black hole, but the Captain gave me an order. I thought Vulcans had all this mental focus and discipline. We'll let you know when we're done. [Armoury] (reading) Huh? Why don't you just call it Security Protocol? Do you think a cup holder's too much? For the Captain's chair. He just wanted the seat adjusted but I figured as long as I'm working on it. I'm also upgrading the status displays. He'll be able to access tactical data from the armrest. I'm a little busy right now, Malcolm. It's the Captain's chair. It's just as important as your Reed Alert. Yeah. Thanks. It was terrific. Well, it seems to be a big hit. Congratulations. Here's your sensor interface. What's the emergency? You dragged me up here so you could identify radiation? You said it was urgent. I get it. You're paying me back. Making me jump through hoops because I was making too much noise. Well, you'll be happy to know I moved the Captain's chair down to Engineering. So it's nice and quiet on the Bridge now. Weren't you listening to me? I don't have time to cater to your whims. You want to get your name immortalized in the Vulcan database, get someone else to help you do it. I know you don't think this chair is important, but you're wrong. What's the most critical component on this ship? The main computer? The warp reactor? Uh-uh, it's the crew. And the most important member of the crew is the Captain. He makes life and death decisions every day and the last thing he needs to be thinking in a critical situation is, 'Gee, I wish this chair wasn't such a pain in the ass.' [Sickbay] Tactical Alert? Hand me that hyperspanner, would you? For what? They both sound like a bag full of cats. I'll look this over and get back to you. (Reed picks it up again.) I said I'll get back to you. Malcolm. One of your boys borrowed my laser micrometer. If you're heading to the Armoury, could you get it back for me? [Galley] Did you know that this chair is the exact same model used on Neptune class survey ships? Enterprise is the first warp five vessel in human history, the pride of the fleet, and you're sitting in a chair they've been using on warp two ships for over a decade. You deserve better, so I'm starting from scratch. I'm going to build you a throne. Stand right there. I need to get a few parametric scans to get your exact dimensions. This baby is going to fit like a glove. (Archer backs away from the thing Trip is pointing at him.) You won't feel a thing. (Trip takes his scan.) Don't move. Turn around. All done. Sounds good. I really need to get to work on this. How many more? Nineteen? Are you writing the preface or the book? No kidding. If I may, sir, it's a little longwinded. I'm not the only one. (Archer storms out.) [Galley] Captain. You might want to see this, sir. (he leads them back to the ) [Situation room] (Where he calls up the plans for the new Captain's chair on the central display.) Interactive status displays, secondary helm control. It's even got inertial micro-dampers. The ship could be shaking apart and you'd hardly feel a thing. I want to run some colours by you for the headrest. Give it a rest. Why don't you go play soldier somewhere else? (Archer becomes engrossed in his preface again.) Did we get some nice pictures of the black hole? [Sickbay] (Phlox is checking out the crew for residual effects.) Give it a try. (Archer sits and pauses.) Cross your legs. I lowered it, by one centimetre. Didn't have time to install the new status displays or the inertial micro-dampers, but if you give me a couple of days. How about I just attach the cup holder?
There's a gorge on the southern continent five times deeper than the Grand Canyon. How about a little river rafting? T'Pol says it only gets dark four days a month because of the binary suns. We'll have plenty of daylight left after we're done working every night. [Shuttlepod] New planet, new aliens. Banner day. (An image of three bald males comes up on the monitor.) Nothing on sensors. What about the Catwalk? You know, the maintenance shaft running the length of each nacelle. It'll be a tight squeeze, but there's no reason we can't fit eighty three people in there, and whatever supplies we need. At least twenty thousand particles per micron. There's just one other problem. It gets kind of toasty in there when the warp coils are online. About three hundred degrees. We'd have to shut down the main reactor. Aye, Captain. ARCHER (to T'Pol) You'll be in charge of the evacuation. Take us out of orbit, Travis. [Catwalk] (Long and narrow with rails either side of a walkway just wide enough for two people to squeeze past each other.) You think it's stuffy now, wait till we get eighty three people in here. You ever been through a storm as bad as this? Six weeks? Oh, I never thought about that. There are some storage lockers in the aft compartment. We ought to be able to convert a couple of them. (They go through a hatchway into another section with control panels on the wall.) This'll be our Bridge. We're going to have to jury-rig these panels, tap them into command functions. That storm must've been pretty scary. I'm afraid these aren't first class accommodations. We're going to have a lot of time to get to know each other. If you need anything, I'll be right over here. (He leaves them.) Go ahead. Give me a second.(He and Travis press screens and finally a bunch of unconnected optic cables light up.) [Bridge] Standing by, Captain. (Archer looks across to Reed and then T'Pol, who touch their boards.) [Catwalk command area] (As monitors bring up the familiar Bridge displays.) We're in the driver's seat. [Bridge] Entire crew's accounted for, including one quadruped. Would you like to try out the Captain's chair? (He pets Porthos then looks at a few barrels with netting on top.) Try them again. (Things get smoother.) Your guess is as good as mine. One of them came out a few hours ago. Told us we were making too much noise. Now, I've been real friendly. Even asked them to join the game. Doesn't seem like they want anything to do with us. You know, I bet by now we'd have set up camp on the rim of that canyon, had a fire going. Would you like a sauna while I'm at it? I only had four hours, Malcolm. You're lucky we've got a toilet. You want to take a shower? Build one yourself. (A white suited figure comes by, handing out prepacked hot meals, but we don't get to see his face.) Thanks, Chef. The Day the Earth Stood Still. Captain's orders. I set up a monitor in Compartment Five. The screen's a little small, but Are you aware you're sitting on top of a plasma manifold? You got to turn that thing off! That might've been a good idea. Go ahead. I'll be right there. (He picks up their pan loaded with - That can't be right. Probably just a glitch. Think you've got room for one more sleeping bag in here? I caught them throwing a barbecue next to a plasma manifold. Now, I understand we're explorers. We're supposed to keep an open mind about different cultures, but these guys are driving me crazy. They only need to sleep once a week, so they've kept us up the last two nights with their strange rituals. Chanting, walking in circles. They've practically taken over the compartment. I'm trying. Looks like the matter injectors and the antimatter injectors are online. Do you have any idea what the odds are of that happening? Not from here. Someone's going to have to go to Engineering. [Hatch into the rest of the ship] (Trip is in an EV suit.) Funny, you didn't mention that. What're you suggesting? We just sit on our hands until they fire up the engines? I doubt you'd get very far. The launch bay's crawling with them. It'll take a while for the warp coils to charge. Twenty minutes, tops. [Hatch into rest of ship] (Archer, Reed and T'Pol are in EV suits.) Remember, junction forty two alpha. Third panel, starboard side. And be careful. There's a lot of current running through those circuits. I really ought to be the one doing this, Captain. The Doc said I was only out there for thirteen minutes. T'Pol? All right. First, you're going to have to disrupt the antimatter stream. [Junction 42A] (An overhead panel is open.) Do you see the blue conduit to the left of the power transfer module? Start by locking down the flow regulators. [Junction 42A] Go ahead. What's the problem shutting down the reactor? [Junction 42A] I don't mean to rush you [Catwalk command area] But it's getting pretty warm in here. (Archer's shooting match continues, and he gets one of the two soldiers.) [Bridge] The temperature just went up another six degrees. Sub-Commander, how's it coming? Another one like that'll split us in two. Did that guy shoot one of his own men? How do you know that? Glad you could join us, Sub-Commander. We have movie night every Tuesday, if you're interested. (The ship sails out into black, star-speckled space and the crew return to their own quarters again.) [Corridor]
So there could be a bunch of Augments from the Eugenics Wars running around loose. So, how was the honeymoon? You were on Vulcan another two weeks after I left. I figured (Archer enters.) It comes with everything but its own protein resequencer. For that, I'll need another day. We don't have time to go over all the details. Just try not to hit that button. We're getting hammered down here! [Bridge] Tucker to the Bridge. Two of my people just disappeared. [Bridge] You wander off more than a step or two, we bring you right back here. No, I don't. Tucker here. That's half our supply. [Orion Slave Market] Yes, sir. [Sickbay] [Pierce is on a biobed, restraint in place, as Phlox tries to remove it.) Why can't we just buy the rest of our people? What kind of people are these? Well, if I remember my history, these Augments you love so much had plenty of slaves. Oh. They were just treated like slaves. (Phlox removes the restraint from Pierce's neck, and Archer hands it to Tucker.) We're sending the code now. You and Soong are the only ones left. Soong's transponder signal, it's dead. [Orion Slave Market] We're trying, but there's too many people down there. [Orion Slave Market] (Archer climbs up on the auction block for a better view, and spots Soong trying to get away. He gets close enough to him to activate the magnetic handcuffs.) You're supposed to be resting. I'm glad they got that thing off with no problem. Good. Well, I'll let you get back to that. It's none of my business, anyway. (Suddenly, the ship is hit and things go bang.) [Bridge]
Seal's good. I'm Commander Tucker, Chief Engineer, and this is our Science Officer, Sub-commander T'Pol. Mmm, I'm sure it does. Warp five will get you where you're going pretty fast. And the Great Plume of A, Ager? Agosoria. How does that fit in? The gravimetric field displacement manifold, commonly known as the warp reactor. Just think of it as a great big engine but instead of using electricity or chemical fuel it runs on antimatter. See this swirling light? When matter and antimatter collide it creates a whole lot of energy. We channel that energy through those conduits over there. They lead to the two large glowing cylinders you may have seen on the outside of the ship. That's right. I see you already know a thing or two about starship engines. Oh. Well, I guess that covers the basics. Any questions? Good one. I'll bring up the schematic of the reactor assembly and you can see for yourself. If you'll just come with me. We use a series of magnetic constrictors to align the positron stream. (One of the point-chinned aliens breaks away from the group.) If any stray particles escape backups automatically kick in. During one of our training tests we momentarily lost the primaries and the backups. (The alien's arm becomes very flexible as he reaches into part of the engine and pulls connections before rejoining the group.) About a billion positrons cut through the plating on three decks. Nearly caused a hull breach. We spent a month redesigning the system. It hasn't given us a single problem since. [Bridge] We've got a power surge in the impulse relays. Here's a good example of how we can reroute the energy flow to protect our critical systems. (A big jolt and lights flicker.) That last bolt struck the warp manifold! [Bridge] We've got an antimatter cascade, sir! [Engineering] If it reaches the warp reactor we're going to (a series of explosions then the lights come back on) I think we're all right, Captain. The cascade stopped in its tracks. [Bridge] It wasn't me, sir. [Corridor] Tucker to Captain Archer. Can you come down to Engineering for a minute? Take a look at this. Right up there. See that conduit? It's an antimatter junction. It stopped the cascade from reaching the warp reactor. Somebody got in here and disconnected it from the primary antimatter feed. If they hadn't, that cascade would have continued right into the reactor core, and this ship would have gone up just like the Great Plume of Agosoria. I already asked. Nobody seems to know anything about it. I'm telling you, sir, I don't think it was one of my people. They would have said something. [Ready room] How about the warp theorist? That's what Daniels called it? On the Xyrillian ship I was in a holographic chamber where I could've sworn I was in a boat at sea. If what Daniels says is true, then Silik saved Enterprise. Maybe we shouldn't look a gift horse in the mouth. I always knew we'd be meeting people from other planets, but other centuries? You're not buying any of this, are you? Maybe that's plan B. Then why make up such a crazy story? I thought you scientists were supposed to keep an open mind. What the hell's that supposed to mean? [Mess hall] The grid can handle it. So I take it your brother isn't really an orbital engineer at Jupiter Station. And you didn't grow up in Illinois. It's good to know Earth will still be around in nine hundred years. Beg your pardon? Right. What's this? (He picks up Daniels' device.) You know, we've got a little pool going in Engineering where we try to guess how far the ship will travel each day. I don't suppose you could give me a tip on tomorrow's distance. Must have been damaged during the plasma storm. J-37. It's about three metres behind that bulkhead. (Daniels slips a device over his hand.) Does this mean it's working? What's that? We're not leaving. Evacuate Engineering. Everybody out! (All the crew leave the room. Silik points his gun at Daniels.) Still skeptical? Tucker to Captain Archer. Captain, are you there? (T'Pol checks the sensors.) Tucker to Doctor Phlox. Meet us in the Captain's quarters on the double. He wasn't quite as generous when it came to Daniels. He's dead, sir. I can sure as hell try. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, Captain. I can't make heads or tails of most of this. These might represent Suliban bio-signs but I wouldn't bet on it. (Silik squishes himself through narrow gaps between conduits in the bulkheads.) B-deck, service junction 59. Somebody's trying to bypass the lock out codes for Launch Bay Two. Captain, I've got something that might give you a leg up. [Corridor]
Our ship took some damage a few weeks ago. We lost most of our reserves. Not specifically, but I could grab some tools and take a look. What are you doing in my chair? You should have asked. Well, what do you think? Maybe you need longer arms. She's designed for one quarter impulse, but, I've been able to squeeze a little more out of her. Engineer. Commander Trip Tucker. Nice to meet you. Tell you what. I'll be heading back up to the ship later. You can come along, if it's all right with your folks. I'll give you a tour. (to Maklii) You'll want to keep an eye on those phase inverters. They tend to depolarise. Some kind of trouble? What's going on? Who's Korok? [Inside a module] Can you make out what they're saying? Good ears. [Settlement] How long have these bullies been pushing you around? You must have weapons. some way to defend yourselves. How many of them are there? Seven? You've got them outnumbered nine or ten to one. I'll catch up with you later, Captain. Sorry I never got to give you that tour. Most big ships carry weapons. Yeah, like Enterprise. Maybe. It's not that simple. [Ready room] A very hot one. The deuterium in those wellheads, how much pressure is it under? Three, four thousand millibars? Should create some interesting fireworks. That's what we're counting on. If we can move the structures and the rigs, everything should look pretty much like it did yesterday. One more metre. Okay, shut her down. [Armoury] I think the table was a little bit to the left. (He hands over water.) It'll be tomorrow before they're all in place. We started capping off the heads. I rigged two ignition sequences. The perimeter and the centre are on separate circuits. This plan is a long shot, isn't it? I didn't say that. Thanks. He doesn't want you to get hurt. Malcolm's got this rule. You've got to be taller than the gun to use it. Shooting at a lizard is a whole lot different than shooting at a person, and lizards don't shoot back. When those Klingons show up I want you to do exactly what Lieutenant Reed says. Understood? Unless you're planning to join Starfleet I'm afraid you'll have to give up that chair. Yeah, that's one of the tough things about my job. Saying goodbye to people like you and your friends. Oh, almost forgot. (He gets a Who knows? Our engines need a lot of deuterium. [Settlement] (Everyone is cleaned up and back in proper desert uniform.)
 Last time Daniels sent you to another century you had one hell of a time getting back. If anyone asks where you went, what should I tell them? With two shuttlepods in the bay it'll be hard to explain. (T'Pol joins them, her hair covering her ears.) You too.  Problem, sir? Sir? What's going on?
I admit it. I've got a few butterflies. Okay, more than a few. Well, it's different for you. You grew up with the man. When I was seven, my mom bought me a book about him. Emory Erickson, Father of the Transporter. I made her read it to me every night for a month. That book is the reason I became an engineer. Yeah, only about fifty times. You've got a mean streak in you, you know that? (Archer nods, and Trip beams aboard a tall young woman and a man in a wheelchair.) It's an honour. I'm looking forward to it. Feel like some company? We haven't talked much since Vulcan. How are you holding up? I've been seeing you by yourself a lot. How is it? Interesting? Look, I know what you're going through. Losing a family member, it's the toughest thing there is. Your mother died a week ago. It may change the way you feel about it. You can tell yourself that, You know, when Lizzie died, there were times I wanted to just close up, retreat inside myself, You're fine? Well, if you ever do want to talk, let me know. I'll see you. [Captain's mess] (Five people around the table looks somewhat crowded.) That's over sixteen light years. It's hard to imagine. Beaming someone that far. Which would make all of us copies. Here's to a successful experiment. (This time, Danica does not raise her glass.) Captain's Log, supplemental. We're entering an area known as the Barrens. There's not a star system within a hundred light years. Perfect conditions for Emory's test. [Transporter alcove] (Erickson and Tucker are making modifications to the equipment.) Is it true you're the first person to go through? You must've been scared. Well, you're going to need more juice than I thought. Well, we'll have to draw direct from the warp reactor. May even have to shut down a few systems. Yeah. if I could get a look at your power converter, it might help me out. Well, thanks, but when it comes to modifying our systems, I prefer to do things myself. Can I get a look at it? And I said, no, thanks. Routing power. (the lights dim and go up again on the Bridge) Ready. Sir? Forty thousand kilometres. Nothings ever gone that far. It's going to take a few hours to gather all the telemetry. Let's celebrate in Mess Hall. My treat. Well, then let me bring something back for you. Help pass the time between data streams. It's been a long day. You must be starving. You sure you don't want a second pair of eyes? You know where to find me. [Archer's quarters] Something's wrong. Most of the work Emory had me do, tapping into the warp reactor for extra power, re-routing the plasma flow. It wasn't necessary for the test. Remember when the lights dimmed? Well, he channeled that energy into a feedback loop. It wasn't going into the beam. Well, from what I can tell, his sub-quantum version should use less energy than a regular transporter. That's one of the reasons it's so brilliant. Either he was keeping me busy, making sure I was looking the other way, or this sub-quantum thing is a smoke screen for something else. Something he hasn't told us about. I wouldn't have picked up on any of it if you hadn't asked me to take a closer look. Not true? Who is it? I can't believe I'm hearing this. We've already lost one man. If they'd been alerted twenty four hours ago, Burrows might be alive. Why are you doing this? What about Emory's responsibility? He lied to get us out here. We're still getting a spike in the array. I could swap out the emitter coils with something from Engineering. Might even out a bit. I'll get on it. You need my approval? You liked me better when I worshipped your shadow? I'd think you'd be out of practice. I have lost someone close, and I'd do almost anything to get her back. Except put other people in danger. I'll be in Engineering. [Archer's quarters] Thanks. No, I think we're pretty much there. (she turns to go) I'm trying to decide what to show for movie night. Yeah, I thought I'd fire up the old tradition. You in the mood for a horror film or a musical? You can't spend every second of your life studying that, whatever it's called. You got to take a break eventually. I don't get you, T'Pol. I thought you joined Starfleet so you could interact a little more with humans. But it seems to me that ever since we left spacedock, you spend all your free time cooped up in your room reading that bible of yours. What's that supposed to mean? It knocked out an EPS junction. Repair's going to take a couple of hours. No. I can't believe you're still going through with this. That thing barely missed a stack of torpedoes. If it had jumped two feet to the left we wouldn't be here to talk about it. We should concentrate on repairing the ship so we can get out of here. How the hell do you know? You're putting your personal feelings before the safety of this ship. Insubordination? Yes, sir. [Erickson's quarters] Way ahead of you. Got a lock on something. Pattern's good That's all we got. I don't have a strong enough signal. That won't help get us a lock. The transporter can't do that. There's not enough time. Sure. Something tells me you're not here to talk about movie night. I know. Well, maybe you can fill me in. What do you want me to say? I do. It's not like I didn't know this was coming. (as she turns away) At least my warp engines still need me. Captain's log, supplemental. We've rendezvoused with the Sarajevo, which will be returning Emory and Danica to Earth. [Transporter alcove] (T'Pol and Phlox are also present.) I'll check it out.
Understood. There's no one here. (The ship continues to be thrown around, trying to kill the intruders.) [Control area] You still in one piece? REED Yeah, I'll let you know when my head stops spinning. Feel that? We're dropping out of warp. [Control area] We're firing at someone. And I can't figure out what half this stuff is. Well, I think I found an environmental system. Here goes. (He activates a circuit, and something comes to life.) Well, how about that. In a few minutes, we'll have heat and air. Why would a robot ship have a Bridge like this? Well, that'd make things a whole lot easier for us. If this ship's run by computer, what we need to do is find the off switch. [Conference room] Just when it happened, I got a power spike from one of these conduits. If this ship was originally built for a crew, all of its controls should connect to the Bridge. Maybe they never got disconnected. Keep your eyes on these consoles. (A monitor screen comes to life.) Even money we just found their propulsion controls. [Control area] All I did was interrupt the power to the warp controls. There's probably a backup that'll switch on in a few minutes. (Reed looks at the monitor display.) Where's Hoshi when you need her? I'm going to guess that's the power circuit I just shut down. Should be right through there. (He touches the monitor, and a door opens.) Okay, Malcolm, I'm going to flip through these like circuit breakers. Let me know how the diagram changes. There's the first one. I'm going to see if there's a communications circuit we can tap into. (The doorway closes between them.) Malcolm! (into communicator) Malcolm, did you touch something? Do the hatch controls work on your side? Not anymore, you don't. {Reed hears something being switched on.) (now bathed in a yellowy light) Reactor coolant. Radiation's at a hundred roentgens and climbing. Pay attention to that board, Malcolm. I'm going to try to cut power to the reactor. Malcolm, what happened to the board? That's more like it. Radiation's falling. [Control area] I should've brought my helmet. Radiation's at one eighty and climbing. I can't shut it down. [Command area] You're not getting this ship back. Malcolm, no! That's an order! (TUcker collapses. Reed works at the panel.) Why didn't you listen to me? We're back at warp. I ordered you not to help them. Sorry. (Reed is undoing the nuts around another circular feature.) Where's it lead? What does that give us? How long does it take? We've got to be a safe distance by now. [Control area] You did all this with one phase pistol? I'm thinking we should get to the outer hull. The hull's covered with subspace transceivers. If I can link one of them to our communicators, we might be able to contact Enterprise. [Control area] (The console lights up again.) Something's starting to draw a lot of power. It's all those systems that went down in the explosion. They're coming back online. Not yet, but if you want to contact Enterprise, we'd better hurry. [Bridge] They're probably trying to take out the weapons. Enterprise [Bridge] Any chance of using the transporter? We're on our way. [Control area] Enterprise, we're at the hull! [Bridge] The ship's movement is too erratic. I can't get a lock. I can. (They leap into space.) [Bridge] Yeah. Thanks for what you did back there. No, you took a big chance. Which makes what I have to do all the more difficult. I'm putting you on report. You disobeyed a direct order. (finally laughing out loud) Malcolm, you're just such an easy target. [Conference room]
Maybe it's another asteroid field. Well, they weren't expecting us back for three days. Maybe they finished and went off to do something else. Dead as a doornail. I don't understand it. I'd feel a lot more comfortable having everything in working order by the time Enterprise gets back. I'd rather realign every micro-circuit on this shuttle than try to wade through that baby. I'll have you know that Superman was laced with metaphor. Subtext layered on subtext. Well, I don't recall any Europeans figuring out how to build a warp engine. (Reed is looking out the main window.) No Brits, no Italians, no Serbo-Croatians. Bring us in closer. If the damn sensors were only working, we could. Bring us around again. There. Slow down. (The sight of a piece of metal with 01 on it brings a lump to their throats) [Ready room] How about the lifeboats? They could have launched the lifeboats before the crash. Are we sure there are no survivors? We can't just leave. That's Enterprise. At least we should find the black boxes. What's the range in our distress beacon? I'm talking about the portable one. The one in the away kit. We've only got ten days worth of breathable air. How far to Echo Three? Well, if we could get close enough for it to pick up our distress beacon it'd relay the signal back to Starfleet. But at least they'd find us. They'd get their shuttlepod back, a couple of well-preserved corpses. Which way? Echo Three. Which way to Echo Three? Do you know which direction it is or don't you? That's not what I asked you. You come from a long line of Navy men and you got a real good memory. Look hard at those stars, find something that looks familiar and tell me which way to go. That's an order! I left it with my slide rule. (Reed sits in the pilot's seat) Well? That's good enough for me. Take one more low pass over the Tell them I'd love to add my two cents, but I'm trying to get a little work done. (Reed rewinds a little.) This sensor array is more than offline. It's totally fried. Why don't you cut the crap and get back here and help me? I don't know. You could hold this flashlight, or turn down the heat. Whatever you want. I'm just getting a little tired of listening to all your pessimism. We've got nine days. We're bound to find someone out here. Vulcans, Klingons, Suliban, Xyrillians, Andorians. God knows who's going to be lurking around the next planet we run into. Then somebody can run into us. You ever think of that? Or see us on their sensors. The possibilities are endless. Rations will be fine. (Reed takes a small box out of a cubby hole.) Depends. What are you serving? (Reed reads the labels.) Any meat loaf? Perfect. (Reed finds a bottle stashed in the cubby hole, too.) Yeah, the Captain was planning to give that to somebody. Can't remember who. Guess it's ours now. (Reed puts the meals into the heater, and a couple of seconds later they are eating hot food from plastic trays.) What's that? Any good? Malcolm! You've been at it for hours now. Don't you think it's time to give it a rest? Mister and Mrs. Reed, I realise that you've just begun a period of mourning and that I'll never get an answer to this question, but I got to ask it anyway. Was Malcolm always this cynical? I just need to get some sleep, Malcolm! Is that so hard to understand? If I don't waste some oxygen sleeping, I'm going to start getting real cranky, and you don't want to spend your last nine days cooped up with me when I'm cranky. So turn that thing off and get some rest. [Sickbay] I got the receiver working but the transmitter's a lost cause. Who's Stinky? You were talking in your sleep. You kept calling for some guy named Stinky. You know, the range is very limited. It's probably just white noise. The sound of the galaxy laughing at us. (the shuttlepod is hit, and shakes about) I don't know, but it felt a little like whatever knocked out the sensor array. Help me. We've got to find the hole. Then use your ears. The damn hole's too small. It's nitrogen for the coolant tanks. Just give me a few There's another one down here. Put your finger on it until we can figure out what to do. Have we got anything a little closer? What?(The two food trays still have remains in them.) And you came close to criticising my choice of cuisine. Obviously, whatever hit us went clear through the pod. (Reed checks a readout.) Great. How much closer to oblivion are we? In that case, I'd guess it wasn't a meteor. I wonder if something like it destroyed Enterprise. Always the optimist. I'm confident there'll be a Charles Tucker the fourth one day. There was a little bar in Mill Valley where all the Starfleet trainees used to go. You know it? I met the girl of my dreams my first Friday night there. She was the one. There's no doubt about it. We had it all figured out. Where we'd live, how many kids we'd have. Ah, Ruby. Whatever happened to you? You knew Ruby? Ouch. Yeah. (checks readout) Would another half day be worth freezing your butt off? If we lower the thermostat in here to about minus-five centigrade, we should be able to use that power to enhance the efficiency of the atmosphere recyclers. I'd pick freezing. Another half day's another half day. And just what are you doing? Nice to see you're developing a more positive attitude. Charming, but you're forgetting one thing, Malcolm. If I remember my honours biology course correctly, your hair and nails keep growing for quite a while after you're dead. I'm pretty sure that includes your beard. (Reed turns off the shaver. By the way, that is false. It just that the skin shrinks slightly, creating that illusion.) It's a little more modulated than the last one, but it could be just a random gamma-ray burst. Wouldn't it be easier just to record one message and then add the Dear Whoever afterward? This is your fifth or sixth identical letter. Travis and Hoshi couldn't have been more than twenty four or twenty five years old. Not for a minute. They died doing what they loved. She was coming along. She saved our asses on more than one occasion. I plan on letting her family know just how essential she was. I'll wait to tell them in person. Unlike your heartfelt letters of farewell to half the girls in San Francisco? What's your problem with having a little hope? You're a regular grim reaper, Malcolm. Anyone ever tell you that? Well, if this little trip is a death sentence, then it would seem to me we're entitled to a last meal. What'll it be? I'm afraid our selection is somewhat limited. Well, then how about a drink? Are you serious? We're dead men, remember? What's the matter, Lieutenant? Are you afraid the autopsy will show your blood-alcohol level was too high to pilot a shuttle? (Tucker gets out glasses and pours two The bourbon'll provide the heat. The candle's just for mood. To the brave men and women of the starship Enterprise. We'll probably be dead five or six minutes earlier than we would have been. I can live with that. Anyway, it seems to me as far as you're concerned, the sooner the better. Because ever since we saw Enterprise spread across that asteroid, you've done nothing but write your own obituary. All of a sudden, five or six more minutes sounds kind of nice. (Three quarters of a bottle later, speech is slurred and thermal blankets are wrapped around bodies.) Modulated? It can giggle all it wants, but the galaxy's not getting any of our bourbon. Deleted scene Yeah, he's always been that way. When I first taught him to dive, it really got on my nerves. He'd come down to the Keys at least once a month, and whatever it was I was teaching him, he'd get it the first time. Did you ever try clearing your mask? Everybody's got to do it before they get certified. You go down and the instructor fills your mask with water, and you have to clear it by blowing out through your nose. Nobody likes to do it. Got it the first time. Filled it with water a second time just so he could clear it again. I took him on a night dive once into some caves I'd been to a hundred times before, and for some reason I got a little lost. So what does Archer do? He swims ahead of me and finds a way out. I was the instructor. I'd been diving all my life. Then big Mister Starfleet comes down and does everything faster and better than I could. That's when I decided to introduce him to old Waldo. A green moray. It's said he's thirty years old. Must've been two and a half metres long. So I took the Captain into Waldo's hole. Told him there was some beautiful starfish inside, and he reached in. Damned if old Waldo didn't take hold of his forearm. I was breaking just about every rule in the book, but he was wearing titanium mesh. I figures the worst thing that could happen would be that Waldo would scare him a little. He deserved to have the piss taken out of him. No such luck. He pulled Waldo clear out of the hole. I don't think I'd ever seen that eel's tail before. He found some pressure point under it's lower jaw, right about here. Waldo just let go. Went back down his hole. That's the thing. He found it all funnier than I did. He took me out to dinner that night. Steaks, lobsters, Kentucky bourbon. T'Pol? Are you serious? You've had too much to drink. Nah, she's a Vulcan. Oh, God. What? To Sub-Commander T'Pol. Shush! Definitely someone. Malcolm! That's Hoshi! That's impossible! They're still two days away. And no way to tell them to get here sooner. (Later, and the pair have lost a lot of their body heat thanks to the alcohol.) Are you sure you got the coordinates right? Lieutenant. If I purge the CO2 filters it'll give us a little more air. Probably less. A train leaves New York at three a.m. heading west, while another leaves Chicago at four thirty heading east. I never could figure those out. Maybe, but if we really want to get them to go to high warp we're going to have to attract their attention. Something a little more dramatic than not answering their hails. Two days away at warp three? Oh, they can see us, maybe not too clearly, but we should be a nice little blip on T'Pol's viewer. They're nearly a quarter of a light year away. Our plasma cannons have a range of less than ten kilometres. It would all still look like a single blip. It's going to take a lot more than that. What good would that do? No, I can't blow up our engine. We'd be adrift, dead in space. I'm an engineer. I won't blow up our only engine. I think I have some micro-detonators in here somewhere. (The engine module is jettisoned then exploded, creating a small shockwave.) I saw a great cartoon once. There were these two snails sitting on the back of a big old turtle and one snail turns to the other and says 'Hold on, Fred. Here we go'. (Later again, as the pod spins gently in space, the two men are shivering and shaking with cold.) If I'm right, I get the rest of the bourbon. You check it. I don't think I can move my legs. (Reed rubs frost off the monitor.) Come on, let's hear it. How much air's left? That's probably the last bet I'll ever make, and I won. I should feel like celebrating, shouldn't I? That's just what I was thinking. Yeah. (Tucker is trying to get some feeling back into his legs.) TUCKER: Tell Captain Archer that it was one hell of an honour serving with him. (Tucker opens the inner airlock.) We don't know whether or not they saw our little display of pyrotechnics, but either way this'll double your chances. (Tucker climbs up.) Sit down, Lieutenant. I'm also in charge of deciding who's going into this airlock. Do I make myself clear? (Reed points a phase pistol at Tucker.) What are you going to do? Kill me? Put it down! Stop trying to be a hero. It doesn't suit you. Then go ahead and shoot me, but you better hope we don't make it, because if we survive the first thing I'm going to do is bust your ass back to Crewman Second Class for insubordination. Who the hell do you think you are? Friends don't shoot each other! So what are you saying? That you'd rather have Enterprise find the two of us dead in here?
You sure that thing's working? (They arrive at the airlock.)  Well, this is one for the books. Briefest First Contact. (But as the Kreetassan's docking port retracts, something white and filament-like crawls along the outside onto Enterprise, and slithers inside as the external hatch closes.) [Bridge] Is it a problem? I'll track it down first thing in the morning. Is he in there? How's his mood? I'll take my chances. [Ready room] (The door chimes.) Prime rib tonight with real horseradish. I can't wait. In the meantime, why don't we shoot a little nine ball? You can break. I was going to save this for a rainy day, but (He pulls a computer slide from his pocket.) Stanford versus Texas. Fresh out of the subspace mailbag. You've been threatening to teach me the finer points of the game. (He tosses the slide to Archer.) Unless you're too busy with your brown dwarves. (In Archer's quarters, Porthos leaps onto the bed and starts barking at the air vent overhead. We see the filament thing moving through a Jefferies tube.) [Mess hall] (Travis, Malcolm and Hoshi are eating.) How deep's the pool? I didn't know it was such a rough game. And I thought it was just a bunch of guys screwing around in a pool.(In cargo bay two, Rostov enters with a torch. He discovers a hole in the ceiling at the far end with white gung dripping down the walls, and just catches sight of a white tail slithering away along the floor. He follows the trail to a while filament construction and gets out his communicator, when suddenly) [Engineering] Did you see the way number twelve set him up? Wait, he's called the point man, right? Well, I'll still take a great off-tackle run out of the backfield, but I can see how you can get hooked on this. My pleasure. Now keep watching while Texas trounces your sorry California butts. Of course not. [Cargo bay two] (Kelly has come looking for Rostov.) What the hell was that? Is that fair? It gives you guys an advantage. I wouldn't want to be taking a swim if the gravity plating went offline. Sir? (Their torches illuminate Kelly, entwined in white filament.) Get out of here! Go! (The guard tries to get up a staircase but is grabbed by the foot and pulled in too. Reed dashes for the door and manages to slam it shut, cutting off an end of a tentacle in the process.) [Situation room] Take it easy. Zabel's still unconscious. The Texas goalie can't block to his right because he keeps his hands too deep. We got to get out! This thing's gotten inside our heads! Now's not the time to be thinking about the regionals. Senior year, North American regionals against Princeton. We, I mean, you were down by two goals under a minute left. You thought you could win every game. You always thought you could win. No matter how far behind you were. Captain. I feel you've drifted away over there. He's out. When Zephram Cochrane talked about new life and new civilisation do you think this is what he meant? [Mess hall] Captain? (No reply. The web has grown even more, and the two crewmen are just about invisible under the white filaments. Trip and Archer's faces can still be seen. Reed and his assistant creep into the bay and put the forcefield emitters up on the walls a metre or so in from the door. A tentacle come to investigate and the forcefield stops it.)
Up here, Doc! He was trying to reroute a nitrogen valve and the seal blew. How bad is it? (Phlox checks the man's head and hand.) Something in my eye.
Excuse me? Those regulations don't apply to you. Have you been suffering? That's a hell of a dry spell. That hasn't always been my experience. Well, I like the sound of that. What's your idea of suitable? Rule number one, you've got to be seen to get noticed. And I plan on getting noticed. Figured out your itinerary yet? Captain, you need this as much as I do. We're going to a planet with over two hundred registered Nuvian masseuses and you're going to sit in your cabin with a bunch of star charts? Pleased to meet you. That was over ninety years ago. How long have you been a diplomat? Well, I wasn't, er, I, er, didn't mean to imply that you were, er You really enjoy this, don't you. No, I mean having people shoot at us. I thought this mission was about peaceful exploration. Fair enough. I'm just hoping we don't keep you quite so busy. I read those Nuvian masseuses have twelve fingers on each hand. I was wondering when you were going to call. We're really stoking the boilers down here. Just in case anyone's keeping track, I believe that'll be a Starfleet record. Please tell me you're ready to slow down. I don't know how much more I can give you. [Bridge] On paper. [Bridge] Aye, sir. [Bridge] (Archer stands and gestures to his chair.) Don't take your eyes off that antimatter stream. Tucker to the Bridge! [Bridge] The port injectors just blew! [Engineering] We've got to slow down, Captain!
(having his nightmare) Elizabeth, get out of there! [Cargo bay] We managed to get into sections six and seven on C deck. We found Taylor and Kamata. We could wait, hang back until we've had a chance to make more repairs. Maybe that's what he's counting on. Lure us into an ambush while we're still licking our wounds. Aye sir. (T'Pol leaves.) She was an EPS control specialist, a damn good one. She worked on Rostov's team. I can ask him. I'm barely holding the ship together. I don't have time to sit down to and write a letter. Understood.  [Sickbay] This is not the best time for this. What'd you get? Don't worry, you can pick the pepperoni off. (T'Pol seeing the PADD he's holding.) No, the Captain wants me to write a letter to Crewman Taylor's family. Their daughter's dead. Do you really think they'll care what I have to say? I don't know. Not since the attack. All right then, two days. Believe me, I'd love to. I don't have time. We're full of holes. The only thing keeping us flying is a stolen warp coil, and now I've got to write this letter. (jolt) What the hell?  [Corridor] (A crewman has been badly burnt. T'Pol and Trip pull him away as another crewman puts out the fire.) Tucker to Engineering. Shut down the auxiliary coolant line between sections twelve and fourteen on E deck. Tucker to Sickbay. Medical emergency on E deck, section twelve. Reactor pressure's holding. Good thing I wasn't taking a nap. (But on the outside of the hull, we see atmosphere escaping.)  [Morgue] There's a microfracture in the magnesium jacket. That's why it ruptured. Tell it to the man lying in Sickbay! Test them again, all of them. I'm a little busy, Doc. T'Pol tattling on me now? Well, I appreciate that, but I'm trying to hold this ship together with spit and baling wire. Your concern is duly noted, Doc, but I've got to get back to work. Come again? Six hours? I can give you two hours. If I'm gone longer than three there may not be a ship here when I get back. Done. And remind me never to buy a car from you. Captain's waiting for you. Well, goodnight then. (Meanwhile, the air leak gets bigger.)  [Sickbay] (Images of the transdimensional harbinger alien on a screen.) Taylor! You were killed. This whole section decompressed. Did you find a sealed compartment? Then how? (realises) You're dead, and I'm dreaming. I got as far as 'I regret to inform you.' You're not real. You don't have to call me sir. I wish it was that simple. I'd forgot about that. You will. You would have. Yes. The pounding your ships gave us didn't help much. Try it now. I'm going to reset the optical subprocessors. That might clear it up. When we slipped through your detection grid, we got a look at the weapon you're building. An impressive piece of engineering. Hell, it'd take at least a thousand starships like Enterprise to blow up an entire planet. You know, I'd like to see the telemetry from the probe you launched against Earth. I assume you were watching the attack, calculating the blast yields. Boy, you must have been pretty damn excited. I mean, that beam cut one hell of a swath through Florida. That's the name of one of the places you destroyed. Florida. Did you actually see the cities burning? The houses, the people being vaporised? I had a sister there. Just need a few more minutes, Captain. Aye, sir. (Archer leaves.) It's one of the warp plasma conduits. We'll handle it. The flow regulators are damaged. There are manual cut-offs here and here, but we can only access it from outside. We don't have a choice. (ship judders) If we don't get control of it fast, it'll spread to the reactor. I could use a hand. Open that panel and I'll talk you through the cut-off sequence. Over there. (Reed has trouble with his panel, but Tucker's opens smoothly.) I need to open the emergency bypass ports first, and you can't close your valve until I release the pressure from the secondary lines.  [Bridge] Use your plasma torch. I'll be there in a minute. I'm releasing the interlocks on the first port. Careful you don't cut through the bypass relays, Malcolm. Understood. (The plasma stream flares.) TUCKER: You okay, Malcolm? Get inside, Malcolm. I can wrap it up. (Reed finishes cutting around the panel) I'm opening the primary bypass port. Two more to go and we're in business. (Reed gets his panel open and sends it floating off into space.)  [Bridge] Get inside, Malcolm. I can finish. A few more seconds. I'm purging the last port.  [Bridge] Okay, Malcolm, clockwise ninety degrees. (The jet shuts down and Tucker walks over.) TUCKER: Nice work, Malcolm. Malcolm? Meet us in the airlock.  [EV suit storage] What's one more dead human to you? He had no problem killing seven million of us, but seven million and one is more than you can stomach? I guess even Xindi have their limits. Aye, sir.  [Command centre] Computer, begin recording. Dear Mister and Mrs. Taylor, I regret to inform you that your daughter was killed in the line of duty. She was a fine engineer, and she died performing her duties. Computer, stop recording. Delete that. Computer, start again. Dear Mister and Mrs. Taylor. As Jane's commanding officer, it's with deepest regret that I inform you of her death. She was a diligent engineer, very hard-working. Repair crews are starting tomorrow. Thought I'd try and get them some power. These assemblies are all fused together. I've spent the last hour trying to isolate the damaged relays. Courtesy of our new Xindi friends? Damn neighbourly of them. Not unless you can resurrect the dead. Crewman Taylor had a real knack for this kind of thing. But Taylor's not here, is she, and neither is Crewman Kamata, or Ensign Marcel or a dozen others. So forgive me if I don't want the damn power cells! (kicks the container across the corridor) We found Taylor over there, outside her quarters. She was probably trying to get to her station. If she'd made it a few more metres I wouldn't be trying to write this damn letter. 'Cause every time I start I hear myself saying, what a fine young woman she was, how smart and full of potential. And I realise that I'm not thinking about Taylor at all. I'm thinking about Elizabeth. There's so many people dead. I tried not to see her any differently than the other seven million, so I've spent the last nine months trying to pretend she was just another victim. But she's my sister, T'Pol. My baby sister. (finally he cries) I envy you Vulcans. Computer, begin recording. Mister and Mrs. Taylor, by the time you get this, Starfleet will have already told you about Jane. Since I worked so closely with her, I wanted to add my personal condolences. I have to confess, I've been putting off writing this for a while. I convinced myself that my duties on Enterprise took precedence. But the truth is I didn't want to face the fact that someone so young, with so much promise, could just be gone. But I'm facing it now, and I find myself thinking how important she was to me. She was a great engineer,
If we're right, it should disrupt the entire network. We've realigned the main power grid. It should increase the deflector pulse threefold, maybe four, but it's going to fry just about every system on board. I don't think you heard what I just said. We try this and the ship's going to come apart at the seams. The Captain told the Xindi we'd try to knock these things out. He didn't say anything about demolishing Enterprise in the process. Every day. I think I've found a way to boost the deflector pulse without tearing the ship apart, but it's going to mean transferring all impulse power to the array. As soon as we reach the Sphere. Sorry, Travis. You're going to have to get us to the manifold on thrusters only. You can do it. Look over these schematics, familiarise yourself with the features of the Sphere. [Degra's ship] (at T'Pol's station) Standing by. (He sees the back of his hand looking dry and cracked.) [Degra's ship] (In normal space) Doc, there's something weird happening to my skin. Got it. Fish in a barrel. What the hell's going on? Power just fell ten percent. I'm losing the beam. You've got to stop this. If I don't get full power back this is going to take three, four minutes longer than we've got. It's coming back. Tell them to keep doing what they're doing. (The aliens escape the weapons fire by walking through bulkheads.) No pressure. [Weapon Control platform] (There is a row of vertical lighted tubes in the floor, glowing green, looking like a balustrade.) What's going on? Wait a minute, I'm almost there. Give me ten seconds. I'm telling you I've got it. (The aliens are still creating havoc.) It sure is. (He hits a button and the Sphere gently crumples.) None of them? What about the thermobaric cloud barrier? Looks like we kept our end of the bargain. We should have heard something by now. What if they failed? Earth could be My skin's healing faster than yours. I guess you Vulcans aren't so tough after all. I'm only kidding. You look nice like this. Kind of like an old oil painting. I can't believe you told me that. That's not what I mean. I've been trying to get you to tell me your age since we left Spacedock. Why now? Intimate? Captain, did you stop the weapon? (unintelligible static) Captain? Where is he? Is he okay? What do you mean, he didn't make it. (at T'Pol's station) Mind if we take a look? (Everyone stares at the image of a blue-white planet in the middle of the viewscreen.) Prettiest sight I ever saw. It's all in one piece. What? Then why the hell doesn't anyone want to talk to us? Land at the pad behind the Command Centre. It's about time. This is Commander Charles Tucker of the Starship Enterprise. You guys gave us quite a (rat-a-tat on the hull) What the hell? (rat-a-tats continue)
Yeah, we need a medic down here. [Klingon Bridge] (Malik is lounging in his favourite seat.) Soong's not even bothering to cover his tracks. I could paint a bird-of-prey on the hull. I'd have to reconfigure the coil assembly. It would take a few hours, but it should be doable. That's quite a mess they've got to clean up. They're fine. They moved into a new house in Mississippi. It's not like the old place in Panama City, but it's pretty nice. Why do you ask? There hasn't been a lot of time to catch up. What are you trying to say? Well, maybe I have. But you got to admit, it's a little awkward. I mean, you're married. I know you did it to help your mother, but it's going to take me a little time to adjust. This is going to sound strange, but as tough as it was watching you go through with the ceremony, I was proud of you for what you did. Yeah, I guess it's probably for the best. Come on. It's not like we would have made an ideal couple. A Vulcan and a human? Romeo and Juliet probably stood a better chance. There's no sign of a warp trail. Engineering to Bridge. I think we've found him, Captain. [Bridge] It's the best we've got. Not that I can see. [Bridge] Our Klingon warp signature's holding steady. That planet's over three light years away. We're going to have to push the engines pretty hard to get there in time. At that speed, our phony warp signature might not fool the Klingons. As long as the Captain wants it. Or until we blow up, whichever comes first. Why don't you stay focused on what you're doing? I just don't like you very much. Tucker to Bridge. [Engineering] If we go any faster, the nacelles are going to fly off the pylons. [Bridge] I heard. I'll give you what I can. {Klingon Bridge] (The ship has dropped into orbit of the colony planet.)
The Teptilians took the weapon. We don't know. The Captain's on his way to the surface, he wants to figure out our next move. And they took Hoshi. She's gone. Reptilians, Insectoids, we don't know. They transported her off the Bridge. (The three leave.) And it could be a letter to Santa Claus. I wouldn't mind having Hoshi here right now. I just hope she's okay. You okay? Closest one's here. We've designated it Sphere Forty One. Maybe. It also might have no effect. We just don't have enough information yet. Aye, sir. [Reptilian cell] It wouldn't generate enough power. Sure, if you want to rupture every EPS conduit on the ship. And I'm trying not to make a liar out of him. What do you mean by that? When you come up with one that doesn't involve blowing ourselves up, I'll be a little more enthusiastic. Maybe you haven't had time to meditate, I don't know, but whatever's going on with you lately, I've had about enough. I'll work on this in Engineering. Call me if you have any more brilliant ideas. (He goes through the door.) I've noticed. Forget about it. This hasn't been easy for any of us. (He steps back in and closes the door.) You know how much I appreciate what you did for me. When this is all over, if you want to talk, I'm all ears. Why don't we take another crack at this. [Reptilian Bridge] That's what we're thinking. T'Pol's figured out a way to target it with a deflector pulse. We haven't exactly got all the details worked out yet. Captain. I hope you didn't make them any promises. I'd almost forgotten what Chef can do with a steak. I hope the crew forgives me for not patching up the Galley sooner. When this is all over, I plan on having a little chat with the Starfleet Quartermaster about what they put in those ration packs. Hope you plan on swinging by Earth first. I told the Engineering team I'd buy them a few rounds at the 602 club. You're both invited, of course. What about you? I meant, what are your plans for the future? It's been a long time since you've been to Vulcan. Can you imagine the look of Soval's face when he sees her in a Starfleet uniform? Please let me be there. I wish I could, sir. The last anomaly knocked the transporter offline. Tell them to stand by. [Bridge] Tucker to Hayes. I'm ready to get you out, but I can only transport two [Reptilian ship] At a time. I'm going to have to reset the buffer. Ready for two more. Stand by, Major. (He beams him out just as a Reptilian gets two clean shots in. Hayes arrives on the transporter pad and collapses straight away from his wounds.) [Weapon Control area] What are we waiting for? If we're right, it should disrupt the entire network. Malcolm. Hang on. Bring me back a piece of that weapon. A souvenir. We'll be there. Captain, good luck.
Go ahead. I can see that. Sir? On my way. [Docking Port two] Anything serious? Who's they? The Captain said something about life support. Mind if I have a look? Looks very creative. I've got some EPS conduits that might do the trick. (He takes a look at the pod's monitor.) This would be a lot easier if I could read your language. If you don't mind, I'd like to ask our Communications Officer to give me a hand. No. No, no problem. I'm going to need some tools from Enterprise. With a little luck, Sleeping Beauty here will never know there was a problem. [Ready room] Is that the translation? Thanks. (Hoshi looks at the woman.) Hell of a way to travel, isn't it? I asked Plinn but he doesn't seem to know too much about her. He said something about studying medicine in a research colony. I suppose so. She must have a real passion for it if she's willing to go through all this. Shame we'll never get to meet her. What's that supposed to mean? I wasn't staring. (Hoshi leaves, then Tucker hears a thumping sound.) Hoshi? (It's coming from the stasis pod. The passenger has woken up and is fighting to get out.) Are you all right? [Captain's mess] (Archer, T'Pol, Plinn and Goff are eating when Goff's pager goes off.) Help me open this thing! She's suffocating! (Goff goes to the control module.) The release is jammed. Don't bother. (Finally he hauls the lid open, and we see she has her wrists tied.) I'm sorry about this, but the O2 recycler went offline. You're going to be all right. What the hell did you do that for? Hold on. Hold on. I'm not working with them. Calm down. I'm not going to hurt you. I'm, I'm from a starship called Enterprise. Enterprise. Now put that thing down and I'll untie you. Your hands, I'll free your hands. Let me help you. What the hell's going on? What? Where's Captain Archer? It's going to take a few hours. You're welcome? Have you seen a little device? It's about this big, has a keypad on it. It's my Universal Translator. It'll help us understand each other. (She finds it.) That's it. It's just so we can talk. (She hands it over.) I need you to say something. You got to keep talking. A little more. Can you understand me? Where's Hoshi when you need her? That's better. Would you mind telling me what's going on here? You'd have to ask them. (He gets out his communicator.) Commander Tucker to Enterprise. Enterprise, do you hear me? Chief Engineer. Feels like we've gone to warp. We thought they were cargo pilots. They claimed you were their passenger. Should I? Well, I'm afraid Earth isn't one of them. So I take it you're not a doctor. Oh. Charles Tucker the third. Please to meet you. So what do these guys want? Listen, my Captain'll be looking for me. All we have to do is get off this ship and let him know where we are. I saw a shuttlebay earlier. There were a couple of escape pods. I beg your pardon? Well, if it's all the same to you I'd rather take my chances in open space. If I remember right this access tube leads to a junction near the shuttlebay. With all due respect, I'm not one of your subjects. [Ready room] Could you hand me that circuit probe? The one with the green handle? (He has to get it himself.) You must be one hell of a diplomat. No, just me. That's precisely why I'm getting out of here. I really doubt they're going to keep me around once I fix their problem. You know, I realise someone in your position isn't used to taking advice from a guy like me, but I strongly suggest you come along. I've been involved in a few hostage situations. They rarely turn out the way you expect. You know, that stasis pod won't fix itself. Chances are you're going to spend the next five months tied up in this grimy little cargo hold. Not exactly my idea of a royal voyage. When I get back to Enterprise I'll make sure we get a message to your homeworld. Krios? Take care. I'm going to reroute their internal sensors. I'll be a million kilometres away before they know I'm gone. I'm much better company. [Crawlspace] Just a few more metres. Keep your voice down. What am I supposed to call you, anyway? First Monarch? Your Highness? What is that? Some kind of a title? These lead to internal sensors. (He finishes what he's doing, then removes a grid further along and jumps down to the floor. She puts her head out and hesitates.) We don't have all day. (Helps her down and then opens an escape pod hatch.) We'll have to make do. Unless you know how to fly one of these things. (She tries to get in, but her long dress hampers her movements so she rips it off at mid-thigh.) [Escape pod] (Trip powers it up and launches successfully. The ride gets rather bumpy.) We're crossing the subspace threshold. (The juddering stops.) That wasn't so bad. To be honest, I hadn't really thought about it. I was only joking. They do have a sense of humour where you come from? It's only a matter of time before they realise we're gone. No doubt they'll come about and look for us. We need a place to hide. If I'm translating this right, there's a system about ninety million kilometres from here. We should be able to reach it in a day or so. Only one way to find out. Permission to set a course, your Sovereignty? Look, this would be a whole lot easier if you'd stop moving around. I'm afraid I don't have much choice. You're welcome to step outside until I'm done. Excuse me. (He reaches across to a panel above her head.) There we go. Landing thrusters, No, wait, they're stabilisers. I'm working on it. Look, I've got less than twenty four hours to figure out how to scan a star system and programme a descent sequence in a language I don't understand, and I'm not going to get it done with you interrupting me every five seconds. So I'd appreciate it if you'd keep quiet until I'm finished. Now, lift your butt. Your behind, your rear end. I haven't checked that panel yet. (He opens a box to see a nice lever with a big red knob on it.) You know, you were a lot more pleasant in stasis. (He leans right across her.) I think I found the landing thrusters. I understand how difficult this must be for someone of your upbringing, but we could be stuck out here for awhile. We should find a way to get along. I'm willing to give it a try if you are. You might check that storage compartment above your head. I'm busy. (After a short sulk, she opens the compartment.) If you find any water up there, I could use some. (Something falls down.) Thanks. (He takes a sip through a tube as she struggles to open a container.) Allow me. (They swap, and she looks at the drinking tube with suspicion.) I'm not contagious. (Tucker opens the container and sniffs at a biscuit.) Depends how hungry you are. (She nibbles genteelly.) It reminds me of my first car. A four-wheeled vehicle. Wasn't much bigger than this. All we're missing is the ocean breeze coming off the Gulf. I used to drive out to a place called Chatkin Point, park along the shoreline and stare at the moon with my girlfriend. Don't worry. I won't make a pass at you. You must be a fun date. You've never been on a date? Sounds kind of lonely. There's a chain of islands near the equator. Oxygen, nitrogen, a trace of methane. Nothing we can't handle. If I could figure out how to use the bio-sensors. It's the only one with an atmosphere. Let's hope I get this right. (the pod tumbles and fires it's little thrusters to slow their descent) We're entering the thermosphere. The port stabiliser's down. No, but the starboard one should keep us on course. (the ride gets rough and the heat shield glows) So far so good. Eight thousand metres. I think they're metres. Seven thousand. I'm pretty sure the braking thrusters are firing. Five thousand metres. You might want to grab hold of something. (She puts her arms around him.) Two thousand metres. One thousand. Hold on. (They hit the ground and we see them upside down.) You all right? Damned if I know. [Planet surface] (It's a lush, water-logged swamp, with animal noises and rising steam. They leave the pod and wade away, carrying their supplies.) It's nothing compared to a summer in the Everglades. At least there aren't any mosquitoes. Over there. Looks like a good place to set up camp. Don't underestimate Captain Archer. (They find a piece of higher, dry land and Kaitaama puts her shoes out to dry.) It's just a scratch. I'll take care of it later. I said later. This one. (She gently dabs the ointment onto a cut on his back.) It sounds like there's plenty of wildlife. I grew up in a place kind of like this. I don't think we're going to starve. And I can use the thruster assembly from the pod to start a fire, boil some water. Thanks. That's the best you could do? Keep looking. (she sits down) What are you waiting for? What's that supposed to mean? In case you haven't noticed, we're not in a palace. You said it yourself. You won't survive without my help, so it seems to me that I'm the one in charge. The king of the swamp. Now get your ass out there and don't come back without an armful of dry wood. You should give me a medal. You'd be dead if it weren't for me. I doubt the commoners back home would complain. (She tries to hit him, he grabs her, they fall and roll down the slope into the water.) You're the one who took a swing at me. I'm just a petty commoner, remember? Raised on a primitive, (She shuts him up by kissing him. They gasp for breath then he returns the kiss. Later, Trip awakes lying with her beside a campfire, gets up and pours some boiled water into a cup. Then he hears a beeping sound. She wakes too.) [Escape pod] (They return to the pod, the source of the sound and Tucker rips off a panel to reveal a blue flashing light.) A homing beacon. Unless I'm way off, someone just locked on to it. (He uses a stone to destroy it,) No way to tell. [Planet surface] (Goss comes sneaking up to the pod, then sees Kaitaama and a figure in a blue uniform through the vegetation. He fires at the uniform, but it's a dummy. Kaitaama runs off, Goss moves in to investigate and Tucker jumps him from above. Sadly, good boxing punches to the face have no effect on Goss, and Tucker gets thrown against a rock and dazed. Goss tries to drown him but Kaitaama thumps him over the head with a branch and knocks him out cold.) Let's find his weapon. So, when do you ascend? (Kaitaama is also clean and in a slightly too-big uniform.) It's a long shot, but maybe Enterprise will get the chance to visit Krios Prime before then. Of course, from what you've told me I doubt your family would let me see you. What kind of changes? (She moves in close without actually touching.)
Thanks for seeing me so late. You sure I'm not bothering you? Georgia peaches. I picked up a crate when we were back on Earth. Chef's been keeping then in stasis for me. They're as fresh as the day they were picked. Aren't you going to try one? Come on. One bite? (He takes the lid off.) Maybe you haven't noticed, but I've been a little busy lately. It's not like I didn't want to come back. After our last session I slept like a baby. First time in months. So, should I just Shoes? Hold on. You never said anything about feet. Well, for one thing, I haven't had a shower since this morning, and I know how sensitive that Vulcan nose of your can be. And I'm a little ticklish. Maybe more than a little. Oh! Your hands are ice cold. (She rubs them together to warm them before starting again.) You sure this is safe? I mean, has anyone ever tried it on a human before? That's the spot. (comm. beeps) But these aren't human. Then where's the rest of our team? The only reason I don't have a search party down there right now is because you needed more time to analyse the data. Now unless you can give me a damn good reason to wait around You're saying these alien biosigns could be our people. Prep shuttlepod two. We'll use EV suits and biohazard protocols. Have the Decon chamber ready when we get back. [Forest]  They're about three kilometres east of us. We don't have too many options for a landing site. Hope you boys are up for a little walk. [Forest - night] Keep your weapons on stun. Circle around. (Archer and Co. hide, then Reed jumps one of the MACOs. Hoshi gets What about you? Sub-Commander! [Sickbay] (Phlox is watching Reed rage in the Decon chamber, on a monitor.) He didn't even recognise me. Any idea what caused this? Why did it have so little effect on T'Pol? I'm doing my best. Go ahead. Open a channel. Sorry, it wasn't very well marked. We're aware of that. Is there anything you can tell us about No one's coming aboard unless I say so. That infected organism is a member of my crew. There isn't any outbreak. Lieutenant Reed is in medical isolation. Look, we've only been dealing with this virus for one day, so forgive me if I don't take your word for it that the only option is to neutralise our Tactical Officer. You want to come over to discuss the situation, fine, but if you try to force your way onto this ship you're going to have one hell of a fight on your hands. [Forest - night] Destroyed? Where did it come from? Why's he so eager to get back to a place called Urquat? I'd prefer to have Doctor Phlox examine them. We can't launch a shuttlepod, they'd detect it. Do you think T'Pol's contagious? That rules out the transporter. She'd infect the entire crew. Be right back. [T'Pol's quarters] (Tucker does a quick search for the pot and finds the peach she sampled earlier.) Go ahead. Keep an eye on them. [Forest - day] (At a cliff face.) You all right? Believe me, I wish I'd had a choice. There are more of them in orbit. We'd better get back to the shuttlepod before they realise anything's wrong. We're docking, Travis. Tell Phlox to stand by in Decon. Go to warp four as soon as we're in. Report. Try to stay ahead of them. Stand by weapons. Don't respond. Hold your course. Full power to aft hull plating. (The aliens keep firing, but they don't often hit.) Look, we both want the same thing. A cure for this virus, right? Our doctor thinks he's found one, but he needs a little more time Like I said, he just needed a little more time. I'm sure we'd be happy to share the antivirus with you, but that'll be impossible if you destroy our ship. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. We've given Phlox's serum to the captain of the containment vessel. With any luck, he'll be able to use it to prevent future outbreaks. As for Malcolm, Hoshi and me, it may be a few days before we feel fully human again. [Sickbay]
What were these scientists of yours doing down there? Don't worry, Captain. I'm sure Travis is an excellent teacher. All here. A week's worth. What are these for? That's not much time. No arguments here.(The shuttlepod heads down to the planet as every other ship is heading away from it.) [Bridge]  What have you got? Make that two. The last cave I was in had handrails, a gift shop, a snack bar. Isn't there a beginners' cliff we can start on? Thanks. (But rock comes away when his feet hit it, and he ends up swinging free.) Just testing the rope. (He gets his feet back against the cliff. They reach a handy ledge.) I think it's Denobulan. I've seen characters like these in Phlox's medical books. (opens it) Rock samples. Toss a coin? How can you tell? I can't reach it. (He carries on swinging Stand by. We'll try again. Let's swing together. You ready? On three. One, two, three! We're all right!(The pair make it back up to Travis on the ledge, and check out his ankle.) Yes. You tore a couple of ligaments, too. Sorry, Travis. You're not going anywhere. You'll be all right. Give me some light on this. (He starts to set Travis's ankle.) [Sickbay] Can you see anything? Are you sure this is the way they came? We'll give it another half hour, then we're turning back. (Reed's scanner beeps) How far? Commander Tucker of the Starship Enterprise. This is Lieutenant Reed. We're not geologists. The Xantoras. They've given all the off-worlders three days to leave and that was two days ago. You don't understand. We've been ordered to take you out of here. We've got a lot of hard climbing ahead of us, so you'd better decide how much of this gear you can do without. Were not leaving without you. You don't get it. When the Xantoras get their hands on you, they'll throw you in prison. They may even execute you. I realise your work is important, but you can't risk your lives for these rocks. How much longer do you need? Three weeks? I've spent the last two days falling down cliffs and getting stuck in lava tubes all just to find you. Now, I've got an injured man waiting for us and we have just enough time to get out of here before we end up in front of a Xantoras firing squad. My orders are to bring you back, and I promise you that's what I'm going to do. Want to bet? We didn't risk our lives to hear you say, thanks, but no thanks. So pack up whatever you need because I swear, I'll tie you up and drag you out by your ankles if that's how you want it. Fine. [Sickbay]  What's wrong? Then keep moving. I don't know. Come on. Let's go. We don't have a moment. What are you doing up there? Are those rock samples? We can't carry any more. If you don't start moving in the next five seconds, I'm going to take my phase pistol and shoot you in the ass. One, two. (There's a tremor.) TUCKER: Go! (Travis tries to hide in a corner of his ledge as rocks fall down the cliff. The group reach the bottom of the big climb.) Could be some kind of seismic activity. We still got two hours until the deadline. (to the geologists) You better get your climbing gear on. Well, in that case, after you. (Another tremor/explosion brings a boulder bouncing down the rock face. ) Get against the wall! (It lands behind them.) TUCKER: Everyone all right? Let's keep moving before we get trapped down here. [Bridge] Forget about them. Tucker to Enterprise.  Better late than never. All aboard. Along with some very rare speleothems. [Bridge] Stand by. [Shuttlepod]  I think they're just trying to give us a little kick in the pants. (As the shuttlepod heads into space, the patrol ship turns around.) [Sickbay]
Looks pretty authentic, Captain, right down to the spittoons.  That sounds about right. Aye, sir. (Tucker and T'Pol leave.) [Livery stables]  Morning. I hope so. We need a horse. Excuse me? Sounds kind of steep. Don't suppose you'd be interested in a trade? Look, I know it's not worth the horse, but we only need him for a couple of hours. We just want to ride out and grab our gear. We'll be back before you know it. Well, how about I leave my gun for collateral. I've seen every John Ford western. How hard can it be? (T'Pol swings up behind him.) TUCKER: Better hold on. (He finally persuades the horse to walk on, very slowly.) [Saloon] Where are you going? He also said to keep a low profile. Kinda late at night to be teaching school. What's left of it. (T'Pol shows Archer some crystals.) You're not coming with us? Go ahead [Command centre]  Captain. So what do we do? They're humans. We can't just leave them here.
You sure you can't read any of this? Well, I think this says tall guys are popular. It is kind of weird. Not a single biosign on the entire planet. (comm. beep) Tucker. You can't believe these ruins, sir. We've been through two dozen chambers. No telling [Bridge] How many more there are. We'll just finish up with Mister Tall and Popular. We should back to the shuttlepod in five, six minutes. [Bridge] We can see it just fine, Captain. [Situation room] Understood, Captain. Ladies first. No, but the Captain has, and Malcolm did it twice. They said there's nothing to it. Then they get put back together again. Lots. A few trillion. Starfleet said it's safe. That's good enough for me. Fair enough. Tucker to Enterprise. Ready to go. (He's beamed away.) Safe and sound. How do those molecules feel? All in the right place? That's a lie, Malcolm. Come on, Travis. Don't you think a Vulcan would see right through this one? No, please. (she puts her tray down and sits) For a minute or two, but once I counted my fingers and toes. It was probably that storm. You don't forget things like that too quickly. Don't tell me you don't know about poor Cyrus. Next thing you'll tell us you never heard of the Easter bunny. Madison, Wisconsin, May, I think, 2146. He was a test subject for the first long-range transport. Just one hundred metres. Something went wrong with the pattern buffer. He never rematerialised. Where'd you do your survival training? Captain and I were in the same group. Alice Springs, Australia. Never saw so many flies in my life. Biting kind. (comm., chirps) Tucker. Travis was just telling me he'd like to see the ruins. I'll need a pilot to bring the other pod back. Never say I don't take you anywhere. Come on, Hoshi. You're upside down, Ensign. Didn't even tie us up. As soon as the Captain promised to give them their stuff back they walked us to the shuttlepods and away we went. Well, we're safe and sound. That's all that matters. Have you tried this thing? Considering that I've been back down to the surface, kidnapped and released, I've probably had better days. Why, are you not feeling well? (Hoshi is working her arms and shoulders with a resistance apparatus.) What kind of symptoms? Well, in that case, you're right. You shouldn't get on this thing. The laws of physics don't apply in here, either. Sorry. Just trying to cheer you up. It's going to be a while before any of us gets used to being taken apart and put back together again. It seems perfectly natural to be anxious about it. (Hoshi works her biceps.) What else could it be? All the king's horses and all the king's men. I can see why you might imagine the universe unraveling. If you're afraid you haven't been put back together right, why assume anything else makes sense? If I were you, I'd ask the Doc for a sedative. Nothing like crawling into bed. Wait and see. A night's sleep will do you a world of good. (He leaves, and Hoshi finds she can't affect the resistance controls anymore, or lift a dumbbell because her hand goes straight through it. She runs to leave but the doors won't open for her. Then, as she stares into the wall mirror, her reflection disappears. Later, Hoshi has been sleeping on the gym floor when T'Pol and Trip walk in.) She was here last night, right over there. Have you tried the biosensors again, Captain? I'll go take a look at them. They're not aligning. They're not perfectly synchronised. Must've happened right after it came up from the surface. She didn't want to go first. I told her I wouldn't leave her alone with that storm coming but she insisted on going second. She wanted to be sure it was working, that it was safe. I'm the one who should be missing. I told her to go first. She should've listened to me. Aye, sir. Is it Hoshi's DNA or isn't it? The internal scan said access shaft B7. She's got to be here somewhere. What's the problem? Here, Doc, over here. What do you think? Why would she have come down here? Yeah, both alive. You go ahead, Doc. I'm going to stick around for a minute. Hoshi. I should've made you go first. What could I have been thinking leaving you down there? I was the ranking officer, and I had no business leaving a subordinate in the path of those storms. Why didn't you listen to me? I told you we'd be safe. And now look what you've done. (Tucker leaves.) What's the problem? Come on, Hoshi, come on. Nice work, Malcolm. See, I told you. Piece of cake. (Hoshi puts down her case and rushes off the platform.) Who? Who? There's no one on the surface. It's uninhabited. You were sort of, trapped in the pattern buffer. But only for a few seconds. You insisted on going second. Cyrus who? [Sickbay]
I didn't slip. That overhang gave way the moment I put my foot  on it.  Maybe you loosened them. You do weigh a few kilos more than I  do. [Bridge] Sounds like we could use a guide.  I've got an old girlfriend this guy might like to meet. (He opens the airlock and Skalaar shoots him. Archer struggles for the weapon and gets  shot himself. Skalaar closes the airlock taking Archer with him.) [Bridge]   Less than an hour.  Acknowledged. [Sickbay] Can you get a fix on it?  Set a course, maximum warp. [Skalaar's  ship] KLINGON  Go to Tactical Alert.  (But as they approach, we can see it's not a ship.)  A decoy! Anything on sensors? (Reed shakes his head.) TUCKER: We're  going to have to start all over.  Then get rid of it.  Anyone hungry in there? I brought you some supper.    How are you two holding up?  We're tracking another warp signature, hoping this one is the  real thing. Are those the ones you wanted? (Phlox checks the meals and a case of something.)  Yeah. I had Chef make you some (T'Pol devours it greedily.) TUCKER: Is she  all right?  Go ahead.  On my way. (to Phlox) Call if you need anything. [Bridge]   What have you got?  Biosigns?  Open a channel.  Sorry to bother you, but we're looking for a Tellarite shuttle.  Have you seen one?  Klingons? Look, there must be some sort of misunderstanding  here. We're looking for our Captain.  Travis, how close are we to Klingon space?  If that Tellarite's looking to collect some kind of reward we'd  better find him before he gets there. Set a course. Take us back to  warp.  Tucker here.  What? Put him through. (In Goroth's brig, Archer  frees himself from his handcuffs, then uses a device concealed in them to  open the door. He uses the cuffs to eventually bludgeon a guard who  comes running at the alarm, takes his disrupter and runs.) [Bridge] Set a course. Go to Tactical Alert. [Goroth's  ship - Corridor] (Archer  takes out two guards and tries to get into an escape pod, but fails. He  has a gun fight with more Klingons.)  What about the Klingons?  Return fire. Deploy the grappler.  Malcolm?  Bring him in. (The final phase cannon salvo does damage.)  The pod?  Let's get the hell out of here. [Decon  Chamber]   (Phlox enters fully clothed, and wakes T'Pol with a hypospray)     Rough ride?  We damaged their port nacelle. They're limping back to Kronos.  She's in Decon with Doctor Phlox. 
Well, just about. But my people are working triple shifts trying to finish that mud bath they wanted. Apparently the ambassador likes a good soak in the morning. Something I don't understand. These Tellarites have warp ships, so why do we have to take them to the conference? Now we're a shuttle service. When are we going to get back to exploring? [Turbolift] So he says, 'Well, I'm not really a pilot.' Ah, you don't get it. (Archer enters.) You know, I like these people more than I thought I would. They don't hold anything back. It's refreshing, speaking your mind for a change. No, you know what I mean. Ah, practicing your Tellarite. I get it. (Tucker leaves, hoping he really does get it.) Tucker to the Bridge. Warp engines will be online in ten minutes. We'll have hull plating back within an hour. This whole section's depressurized. (Reed is walking with his knees bent.) I can't read anything through these bulkheads. Tucker to Enterprise. We haven't run into any welcoming parties yet. We've found a computer interface [Bridge] But there's no power over here. I'm going to need T'Pol's help to bring it online. I didn't do anything. [Bridge] Captain, we're ready to come home whenever you are! [Bridge] Take Carender and Myers first! [Bridge] Understood. You're down to eight minutes. (He connects his backpack and shares his air with Reed.) I'll try to get their life support online. I can't find anything that even looks like an atmosphere recycler. I'm starting to wonder if this ship even has life support. Well, let's hope they don't mind sharing. [Command area] I'm starting to wonder if this ship even has a Bridge. Your air's down to twenty six minutes, Malcolm. You see these data conduits? Chances are they converge on the Bridge. Yeah? Well, who are you, her father? Malcolm! We've got something. (They open a ceiling panel.) A maneuvering thruster. It's chemically fuelled. Liquid hydrogen and oxygen. How are you holding up? That's nothing new. I should've known better. Getting involved with a fellow officer. There's nothing going on between us anymore if you're interested. Well, you said she had an awfully nice bum. Pure oxygen. Be my guest. (He plugs Reeds air supply into the unit.) The Bridge should be through there. (They go through the hatch into a dark, airless, unpopulated Bridge, with just a few consoles lit up and a weird contraption moving from side to side in the middle, mirroring the movements of the helmeted person.) [Control area]
Captain, what's going on? We've got plasma fires, an overload in the EPS grid but whatever caused that explosion, [Bridge] I don't have a clue. Weapons fire? An asteroid? A few bumps and bruises, but we're all right. I can't really tell until we can get into the decompressed sections but I imagine it's pretty ugly. I've got one piece of good news. I did a head count. We didn't lose anyone. We'd have to reroute some EPS conduits. There's about three hundred bolt couplings. It could be done. Three or four hours. But I wouldn't recommend it, sir. We'd be exposing a good piece of the impulse manifold. Captain, I should be the one to go out there. I'm the engineer. Charming. Could you figure out a way to compose a message back, explaining we're going as fast as we can? What'd you find out? How's it going out there, Captain? You've earned yourself a break, Travis. Ensign Hutchison can cover the helm for a while. We've got a man trapped out there. Don't your scans show you that? They scanned us, Captain. They know we're ready to detach it. [Hull] They're down to the last few couplings. What's going on out there? Depends how close it was. They're reinforced with duratanium alloy. They can take a hell of a beating. What have you got in mind? Sir? Hang on, fellas. (The section of hull plating with Archer, Reed and the mine on it is set free to float away.) (Bridge] Another hundred ought to do it. (Two warbirds decloak.) They're charging weapons. I'll do what I can, but keep in mind we're missing some of it. [Hull] (Archer starts cutting through the spine pinning Reed's leg to the hull.) Maybe their transmitters were knocked out in the blast. Travis? The Romulans are locking weapons. They're targeting our engines.
Well, tell him to hurry up. If the relays up there get too cold, they're going to start cutting out on us. (comm. chirp) Engineering. We'll get to it as soon as we can. We know it's got something to do with the plasma exhaust. The flow's been restricted for some reason and it's screwing up half the systems on the ship. (to Dillard) Tell Billy to purge the aft manifold. Give me a minute, sir. I think we can figure it out. (There is and explosion You're right. The plasma exhaust shouldn't be flaring that close to the ship. No, we checked. They're clean. Looks like we've got ourselves a hitchhiker. That still leaves three hours. Can you recommend a good book? Sure you don't want me coming back at night? Three days on an alien ship. (Phlox gives another injection) (packing case) Just about ready. I'll just think of it as a blind date. Tucker to Enterprise. Here I go, sir. Don't forget to come back for me. Hello?(Gas pours in.) TUCKER: Hello? (coughing) This stuff's burning my lungs. How long's it been, sir? A lot easier, but I prefer air I can't see. [Ready room] I feel like I've been in here for a week. Blue three, yellow six, orange four. (He's slightly woosy and the sound is slightly slow.) Not right now, thank you. I think I'd like to take a look at that engine room of yours. I'm sorry, you lost me. I'm having trouble concentrating with all this noise and light. I don't know what I'm certain about. [Archer's quarters] Not good. I don't think I'm going to be much help over here. I'm having a little more trouble adjusting than I thought I would. I feel like I've got a fever. I'm having trouble focusing, breathing. I really think I need to get back, Captain. [Archer's quarters] I just want out, sir. I'm not kidding. I can't take much more of this. It's not going to work, Captain. [Archer's quarters] What's that? I think I'll pass. Not really. (she does it again) It's kind of nice. Does that happen when you people touch each other? A man needs a lot of fluids when he's under the weather. (She continues to feed him water, slowly, letting her fingers linger on his lips. She finally breaks eye contact.) Could we take some of those with us? [Bridge] Aligned and locked. You're not going to believe this. They've got grass growing on the floor. Real grass. It's even green. Is Vulcan grass green? The grass releases some kind of vapour, helps them metabolize their food. Smells just like a freshly mowed lawn. Oh, right. I've recharged the assembly. Is it up to point four yet? Keep pumping up the gradient. If we can get it up to point five the coils should come back online [Bridge] All by themselves. Tucker to Captain Archer. We're nearly ready to bring the warp reactor online. Shouldn't take more than a couple of hours. Tucker out. The depth perception is incredible. What is it, a 3-D simulator of some kind? Not like any hologram I've ever seen. (Ah'Len pours sand into his hand.) How do you? The perspective's changing. We're still in the same room and this isn't a boat. Resequenced photons. If we had one of these on Enterprise, I'd never ask for shore leave. We don't. Well, actually we do, but we do it through observing behaviour, getting to know someone. Not that I know of. Normally we shave them off with something called a razor, but I haven't had the chance since I've been here. Go ahead.(She strokes his cheek and that electric thing (grinning) Not in the least. (She uses the holodeck control to Are there any rules to this game? (His hand is glowing too.) How the hell did you know that? Your what, favourite food? Dutara root. How'd I know that? This is one hell of a game. You find me attractive. Sometimes. Three hours is three hours. You can't imagine what it was like over there, Travis. Food growing on the walls, teraphasic warp coils, boxes full of pebbles that make you telepathic. A little shorter than us, weird scales on their faces, but otherwise pretty much like you and me. It sure was something. Reminded me why I signed on. But it is good to be home. [Bridge] I see you've got the visual back online. It was worth every minute. As long as those coils stay charged, you shouldn't have a problem maintaining a stable warp field. (to Ah'len) Thanks for taking care of me when I wasn't feeling so hot. I appreciate the opportunity, Commander. You should've come with me, Malcolm. It wasn't like any visual simulator I've ever tried. It was more like actually being there. You could smell the ocean, feel the salt air on your skin. I don't know if they can recreate people with it, but it sure did a hell of a job on landscapes. Ah'len, one of their engineers. She's the one who showed me the holographic chamber. Yeah. She did have a certain sensuality to her. I don't even know if they had any. Have you tried these scrambled eggs? Tastes just like the real thing today.(He notices strange red mark on his wrist.) Well, I cleared bioscan. As far as I know, I've never been allergic to anything. What? Doc, I was over there to repair a warp reactor. What are you talking about? Meaning? I beg your pardon? What the hell are you talking about? What do you mean? That's comforting, but how the hell did I get knocked up? I'm telling you, Captain, I was a complete gentleman the entire time. The only female I had any contact with was Ah'len, their engineer. Other than repairing the reactor, all she and I did together was go into that holographic chamber they've got. She showed me some home movies, simulations of their planet, but I didn't lay a hand on her. There's got to be some way to get this thing out of me without hurting it. Can't you create a surrogate chamber or something? So? We took a ride in a row boat. I swear, Captain, nothing happened. I've been in Starfleet for twelve years. Do you think I'd jeopardise my career by messing around with some alien engineer on a three day mission? I considered myself a diplomat from the minute I set foot in that vessel. Well, there was that box of pebbles. Yeah, she had it on the boat. But it was no bid deal. We just stuck our hands into these granules for a few minutes. It's a game they play, let's you read each other's minds. They weren't even real, they were holographic just like everything else in the room. Captain? What, are you kidding? I'm fine. You think we could keep this between the four of us, at least for the time being? Dillard. Look at this lift. It's an accident waiting to happen. This safety bar's a metre off the floor. What use would it be for a small person? A short alien, a child. This thing's a deathtrap. (He lifts the Never mind. [deleted scene - Bridge, rear] Are you certain you made the correct sensor modifications? How do we know they haven't changed their heading? If you'll excuse me, I'm not feeling very well. I think I'm just going to go lie down for a while. I'm afraid this isn't a very good time. (makes a dash for another door, hand over mouth, noises of being sick out of camera shot) Captain's starlog, supplemental. We've spent eight days looking for the Xyrillian ship, but so far we've had no luck. [Captain's mess] (Tucker enters the mess hall wearing a casual shirt and looks around at the crew laughing as if at him, then goes through another I thought we all promised to keep this under wraps. I knew it. She probably let it slip the minute she left Sickbay. Where I'm from, Vulcans aren't known for keeping promises. All you have to do is see the way they whisper, talk behind my back. You know what happened this morning? Ensign Hart pulled my chair out for me. I'm telling you, it was T'Pol and you can be sure it was intentional. What's that? I wish. I don't want to ruin you appetites, but take a look at this. (He peels back the plaster from the nipple on his wrist. There's a (putting the plaster back) Great. What's that supposed to mean? Are you saying I'm going to deliver this baby? I'm the Chief Engineer. I spent years earning that position. I never had any intention of becoming a working mother. How much bigger is this thing going to get? I'm already the Postnatal responsibilities? Yeah? What's that. (to the ceiling) Thank you. Doesn't look very stealthy to me. Where the hell are the Xyrillians? Why are they attacking us? Sir, look at their starboard nacelle. The power's fluctuating just like ours did when the Xyrillians were riding in our wake. I'm the one who repaired their warp reactor, or at least I thought I did. I spent three days on their ship. They have some amazing technology. If you don't kill them, I'm sure they'd share it with you, teach you how to use it. Well for one, they've got some incredible holography. I don't know how advanced Klingon holograms are, but these are like nothing I ever saw before. Press a few buttons and you'll be standing on a hillside overlooking Kronos. It's unbelievable. Couldn't hurt to take a look, unless the decompression cycle frightens you. I'm afraid that's not going to be so easy. Captain Vorok has agreed to consider releasing your ship in exchange for one or two of your holographic simulators. It would be a good idea to cooperate. It wasn't easy, but we were very motivated. No need to apologise, but I would be real appreciative if you could get this out of me, assuming it's safe. It's a girl, huh? [Xyrillian holodeck] (The Klingon simulation is active.) The only thing worse than spending three hours in a decompression chamber with a bunch of Klingons is doing it twice in one day. I smelled things in there I hope I never smell again. No more hitch-hiking? Just eating for one again. Just how I always wanted to get into the history books. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
The primary warp coil's fried. It has to be rebuilt from scratch. A couple of weeks, if we had the parts. We don't. As it stands now, warp drive's out of the question. I'll have to inspect the hull around the exhaust manifolds, see the damage first-hand. We've had a lot of injuries down here. It could speed things up if you assign me some extra help. (Another bang makes a nervous T'Pol Instead of hiding, shouldn't we be looking for the weapon? What makes you think we can trust this guy? Degra. He seems like the last person who'd come around to our side. I mean, he designed the weapon. Well, let's hope you're right. I think we're ready to fire this up. (Bang!) Maybe not. Join the club. One lucky shot to our starboard nacelle It's tied into their injector system. If we use the transporter, we'd destroy their engines. I've got to get in there, decouple it by hand. Ten minutes, give or take. Can't tell for sure until I see it. That's the access port. Captain. [Illyrian warp assembly] We've hit a little snag. [Bridge] Try it now. (his MACO bodyguard still encounters the forcefield) [Illyrian Engineering] (meanwhile the fighting goes on) Right there. (By the light of the torch on the MACO's rifle Tucker disconnects the warp coil, and they beam back to Enterprise with it.) [Illyrian Engineering] A few tweaks and it fit right in. Three point two. That should get us to the rendezvous point with time to spare. (Archer descends from the warp controls with a wince, and a massive guilt cloud hanging over him.) You did the right thing. Those people'll be okay. They'll get home.
Is this Pernaia Prime inhabited? So, she's going to another planet in the system. Are we supposed to play some kind of guessing game? (T'Pol gives Trip a Look, but doesn't speak.) And do what in the meantime? I could polish all the handles and rails in Engineering. (He gets If you agreed to go with her you must know something about what she's up to. Why's that? Why would you being with her be a problem to them? Come on, Captain. Last night, you were just as frustrated as I was about having to sit on your hands while she goes off and does whatever it is she's going off to do. [Turbolift] This isn't just a case of curiosity. What if you get hurt, kidnapped? You put me in charge of this ship and you won't tell me where you're going? How am I supposed to be a good temporary Captain if I don't know where my people are? Tell me that. [Corridor] There are a lot of definitions of unfinished business. Could you be a little more specific? Have fun. (The shuttlepod launches.) [Shuttlepod] (A series of images of a man is being run on a monitor.) Come in. Gentlemen, come in. Glad you could join me. Very exciting sport. You should learn more about it. (He switches Acting Captain, Captain's Mess. I don't see a problem. Thank Why didn't the bio-scanners detect it? What kind of side effects? I'd hate to be responsible for giving the crew the runs. Maybe you should wait till the Captain gets back. Why don't I get back to you later, Doc? That would mean we'd have to power down the warp core. We're also not at war. I'm just not comfortable taking the engines offline right now. Let me get back to you. (comm. beeps) Tucker. Tell them the Captain's indisposed at the moment. He'll get back to them in a little while. The Captain said not to tell the Vulcans he went with T'Pol. He was very emphatic about that. (answers comm.) Go ahead. I'll get back to you. (He despairs of ever taking a mouthful of butterfly pasta.) [Office] You're sure? Has he ever been to Earth? I hope they haven't put Starfleet yearbook photos into that database. Let's get this over with. (A stern Vulcan appears on the viewscreen.) Captain Tavek, is there something I can do for you? Yes. Is there a problem? Healthy living. You have a message from Admiral Forrest? I'll be sure to tell him. I'm afraid it's confidential. Thank you for relaying the message. Archer out. (He sits down in the Captain's chair, breathes out deeply and slumps.) [Tavern] (People stare as T'Pol returns.) Everything's ready to go, Captain. Welcome back. You got it. [Engineering] Now that your secret mission is over you think you can give your Chief Engineer a little hint about what you were up to? [Ready room] Not even a hint? Warp four. Aye, Captain. [Ready room]
Then how do you explain all this? She's not an it. They'd need cells from both of us. Someone on Enterprise helped you? Who? I'm listening. You really think I'm going to help you turn that array into a weapon? You know, I never used to like Vulcans all that much myself. They always seemed so smug. Making us jump through hoops for every little advance in warp technology, and they knew the answers all along. So what was it with you? The ears? The fact that they're vegetarian? Well, you can't deny that. We didn't make contact with the Vulcans until ten years after the war. Is that the kind of paranoid crap Paxton's been feeding you? You ever actually met a Vulcan? If you got to know some, actually took the time to talk with one Okay. (He lands a great right uppercut on Josiah's jaw, then takes advantage of the man's turned back to do something in a panel before he gets kicked down.) Where're T'Pol and the baby? I am finished. I don't know what you're talking about. I told you I'd make modifications to your ship-- not your weapon. I don't care what you need. You told Starfleet when you're planning to fire the array. And you don't think they're going to blast this facility off the face of the planet? A Mark Three interlock. [Shuttlepod] (The pod swoops low over the Carl Sagan Memorial Station and the remains of Pathfinder.) Took you long enough. Crew quarters, but Paxton's getting ready to fire the array. Main controls are in there. (Josiah shoots Tucker, they shoot Josiah. Alarms sound. The gunfight begins in earnest.) Plasma grid, control panel. Looks like Paxton's aim was off. Maybe a little. [T'Pol's room] I guess we shouldn't keep calling her she. My sister would've liked that. Is there anything you can do? (trying not to cry) The delegates at the conference, they've asked about the service for, for Elizabeth. They want to attend. There's something else. I spoke with Phlox. It turns out there was a flaw in the technique that Paxton's doctors used in the cloning process. Human DNA and Vulcan DNA, Phlox says there's no medical reason why they can't combine. So if a Vulcan and a human ever decided to have a child, it'd probably be okay. And that's sort of comforting. (T'Pol takes his hand) Transcribers personal note - with a slight rearrangement of the final scenes, it is my opinion that Enterprise should have ended with Archer's speech. The next episode is totally missable, unwarranted, and frankly even worse than Spock's Brain. And that's saying something when you're a life-long Trek fan as I am. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
We just reroute the system taps, compress the antimatter stream before it reaches the injectors. Every simulation I run comes back with the same result. We'll be able to cruise at warp five point oh with no field fluctuation. I'm talking about a ride so smooth you could build a house of cards on the warp reactor. Which boosts our chances of finding the Xindi weapon in time. (T'Pol winces as he presses the wrong bit of her foot.) Oh, sorry. You get me talking about the engines and I forget where I am. Don't know what it is about fine-tuning a piece of machinery. You know, you made this sound a whole lot worse than it is. Well, I have to say that so far, it's a piece of cake. Well, I'm always up for a challenge.  Tucker to the Bridge. [Bridge]  We're all set down here. [Bridge] TUCKER  To get the plasma hot enough to compress the stream. [Bridge]  Initialising stream compression. (A fat red line turns to thin white I've got a primary injector flare. [Engineering]  I'm shutting down. It's not responding, Captain. (Things go bang and there are flames around as Tucker climbs on top of the reactor.) [Bridge]
 I talked with Chef at dinner. He's a little worried about the crew. People are skipping meals. He figures they're either too busy or the stress of this mission is starting to get to them. Movie night's been on hold since we entered the Expanse. Maybe we should start it up again? No one hates the Xindi more than I do, Captain, but I'm telling you this crew needs a little R and R. Unless you want Phlox to start medicating people, we gotta, we've gotta find a way to boost morale. I was thinking about a comedy. One of the classic Hope and Crosby pictures. You have plans Tuesday night? Mess hall, nineteen hundred hours. Back by popular demand. I can guess why they were interested in this field. The asteroids are loaded with trellium ore. Good isotope density. We should get at least half a kilo out of Travis? Shut it down. This thing's useless. The coils are fused. They're pretty unpredictable. You sure you could land safely? This'll be a new one for the maintenance crew. [Shuttlepod] This one's more isolated, and I'm reading large deposits near the surface. Can you set us down? You're the pilot, it's your call. Looking good. Two hundred metres. You're drifting to the left. Are you kidding? I'm going to recommend they give you a medal. [Asteroid]  Let's try to make this quick. [Seleya Sickbay] (They shoot one Vulcan who tries to pounce.) It was minor. Nothing to write home about. Don't worry. It only tends to blow up in its liquid state. (There's a small tremor.) Go ahead. [Bridge] We saw it. Don't worry about me. Just get us the hell out of here. (they take off in a hail of small rocks, and just miss the big one) There's debris in the intake manifold. Can you purge it? (Mini-worlds collide behind them.) Can you get us home? Shuttlepod two to Enterprise. We're on our way back, but we've taken damage. [Bridge] TUCKER Looks like the impulse assembly took a beating. Open up the engine housings and run a diagnostic. Tucker here. Route it down here.  Pod two took some damage in the asteroid field, sir. We're looking at a couple of hours before we can launch again. [Seleya Engineering] TUCKER Acknowledged. Anything else?  Aye sir. You heard the Captain. Get a repair team down here. [Seleya Engineering]  It doesn't make sense. T'Pol and I have been working with trellium for weeks. She hasn't shown any symptoms.  Are you all right, Captain? Stand by. (They phaser the pod free.) TUCKER [OC]: You're clear, sir. We're fine, sir. See you back on Enterprise. [Launch bay]  We got over   sixty kilos. That should be enough to line the forward hull. Aye, sir. [Sickbay] No, he died in a house fire. What about the gardener? He was there too. Part of the fun of a mystery is trying to solve it before it ends, using logic. You of all people should appreciate that.
If it's all the same to you, I'd rather hear that from the Captain. Keep at it. The thought crossed my mind. So, we just sit on our hands. And what if they're found guilty, sentenced to thirty years in prison? A Vulcan lawyer? They'd be better off getting the electric chair. Never mind. (while Reed works at his console) How much longer are they going to have to wait? We're not interested in a tour. We just want our people back. How far? All I'm saying is we go take a look for ourselves, make sure they're okay. I'm getting a transporter lock on you now, Captain. [Cell] (Travis is awake too now.) Just say the word and we'll bring you both home. If I come in low from the east I should be able to evade their proximity sensors. It'll be my first target. It's done. [Bridge] Acknowledged. [Cell] I see it. Stand by. (Swooping in, Trip takes out the defence weapons and guard towers.) [Common area]
Target the second one. See what you can download. Maybe we can bring home something new for his collection. (Tucker and Reed are at a bulkhead that Tucker's scanner has lead him to.) After you. (Reed opens his helmet a little.) You'd better get over here, sir. [Hatchery] (Archer and Hayes enter the hatchery to find their colleagues gazing in wonder at the things hanging from the ceiling, and the fact that the power is on. They remove their helmets.) They built this place to take quite a beating. Reinforced bulkheads, back-up power systems. They won't survive for long. The bio-support's losing power. I wouldn't even know where to start. I think we figured out what happened to them. One of the nacelles fractured when they were coming out of a subspace vortex. They probably tried to make an emergency landing on this planet. Another day, at most. Captain? Captain, with all due respect, why the hell not? I've got half a mind to take a plasma torch to that place. Sir, this is crazy. These people are trying to kill us. Captain. They may know how to make a weapon, but these people could learn a thing or two about designing a comfortable chair. And the power grid doesn't make much sense. Almost half of it's routed to structural integrity. Assuming you could figure out how to fly it. Give it a shot. (There's an Insectoid warning then the lights go out.) We can't initialise the engines without them. Yeah. The repairs are moving slow. The Captain thinks it's the right thing to do. We may be at war, but these creatures need our help. Look, there's a chance we'll run into more insectoids when we reach that red giant. Spending an extra day or two studying their tactical systems might be useful. [Sickbay] (Phlox is in autopsy rubbers standing over an Insectoid with it's chest cavity open, when Archer comes in.) Just a few seconds, Captain. We're ready. Start at forty megajoules, but keep an eye on that matrix converter. Take it up to fifty. (Systems start to light up, then something goes bang.) It must have been a surge in the power grid. I'll need a few minutes, Captain. (The burst sac contained two babies, one of which is moving slightly.) Tucker to Captain Archer. I think I've figured out the problem. Their power grid can't handle our converters. [Hatchery] It's going to take at least three days to make them compatible. [Sickbay] It's possible [Hatchery] But they lost most of their antimatter in the accident. [Sickbay] To get that reactor running again, we'll have to use a third of our antimatter reserves. Every system on that ship is integrated. The only way to bring biosupport back online is to power up the whole thing. I wanted to run it by both of you first. The Captain gave us an order. The first shuttlepod's on it's way. Using both shuttlepods, about four or five hours. If you're looking for a new first officer, you should consider Malcolm. You're going to want someone on the Bridge full time, and I'm a little busy at the moment. She's questioned your orders lots of times, but you've never locked her up before. You have to admit its a little out of the ordinary. Maybe you ought to confine me to quarters too, sir, because I'm still not sure we're doing the right thing here. If the roles were reversed I can't imagine these Xindi would do the same for us. I need to see T'Pol. This isn't a social call. I'm here for my neuropressure treatment. Doctor's orders. You don't want me to bring Phlox down here, do you? (Chang steps aside.) [T'Pol's quarters] The antimatter's on it's way. I had a talk with him. Everything's going to be all right. This whole thing'll blow over in a day or two. I think you're overstating things just a little. What do you suggest I do, start a mutiny? What good would that do? Relieve him? Look, I know you're upset about what happened, but I think you're taking this personally. Assuming Hoshi can translate the interface, about twelve hours. If he finds out what we're doing, we'll both end up in the Brig. You're asking me to betray him. Can we talk to you for a minute, sir? (Archer is loading canisters into Shuttlepod One.) I'd like you to go to Sickbay with Phlox. Hoshi says you ordered her to transmit a distress call. Don't you think that's a little dangerous? We don't know how far away their ships are. If we send that message we'll be taking a hell of a risk. This mission is to save Earth, not an alien hatchery. That's not good enough, sir. Phlox has the authority to order you to Sickbay. There's nothing wrong with him? When Hoshi sends that distress call, every Xindi ship that picks it up will start heading this way. He's got Hayes on the Bridge, MACOs posted all over the ship. Whatever we do, we're going to have to do it fast. I think it's time we throw the rule book out the window. [Hatchery] You let me in before. Look, T'Pol was a little rough with me during the last session. I think she caused some nerve damage. This is a Starfleet ship. I don't have to ask Major Hayes for anything. The Captain gave Hayes control of the Bridge, posted MACOs on every deck. Yeah. That's going to leave a bruise. (They all arm themselves.) TUCKER: All right? You're with me. You have to come with us. (An Insectoid leaves it's egg and We've got the Captain. What's going on up there? Tell Phlox to get the imaging chamber I didn't mean to wake you, sir. How are you feeling? Captain. I hope you understand, if there'd been any other way Still, I never thought I'd find myself pointing a weapon at you, no matter what the circumstances. Yes, sir. We just recovered the last of our antimatter reserves. Phlox says there's nineteen of them running around down there. Chances are they'll survive until the next Xindi ship comes along. Aren't you supposed to get some rest? I'm sorry, sir, but the Doctor was insistent. Right away, sir. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Where is he? Is he okay? This is Commander Charles Tucker of the starship Enterprise. (The shuttlepod continues to be strafed by gunfire.) What the hell are you people doing? I don't think this is an air show. Try to find a landing port. Set us down. (Anti-aircraft fire finally hits them.) Get us out of here! (The pod climbs up out of range.) [Country road] (A German convoy is travelling through a lightly wooded area. Archer is in the back of an open truck, with one of the SS officers.) This isn't a damn sensor glitch. We just pulled three fifty calibre bullets from the shuttlepod hull. And spare us the official Vulcan position about time travel. We are two hundred years in the past. Face it. You got a second? I wanted to say, I was way out of line earlier. You have enough to worry about without me flying off the handle. I was just all set to get home. I wasn't expecting to be in the middle of another situation. Sounds nice. I was gonna lay on a different beach every week for two months. The only thing to figure out was whether to start in Tahiti or in Cancun. The Captain would always try to put the best light on the worst situation. I wonder what he'd say to this one. EPS conduit's fried. Get to Engineering, and pull a fresh one out of the injector assembly. Walsh? (Tucker starts scanning the area.) Silik. You son of a bitch. (Silik indicates the shuttlepod with his weapon.) You brought us here. Then who did? At least now we know who he was talking about. Thing I can't understand, why'd he go to the trouble of saving my life? He pulled me out of the Launch bay before he depressurised it. Artillery. It's hard to believe this is Earth. (His scanner beeps.) TUCKER: Plasma signature. That way. [Deleted scene - Alleyway, night] Tucker to Enterprise. [Bridge] We found it. [Crashed shuttlepod] No sign of Silik. [Bridge] I'll need some more time before I'll know if it'll fly. [Alleyway] (Grath is being thoroughly frisked by Archer.) EPS system's completely fused. It could take a week. [Bridge] I heard. Moving to Plan B. What about Silik? [Bridge] We gotta find him. Charges are set. (A jeep full of soldiers turns up, with dogs, and gather around the shuttlepod. Trip presses buttons on his scanner and runs for it. BANG! He and Travis run onto the road but a motorbike and sidecar come along, so they stand still.) [Bridge]
(in full EV suit) As ready as I'll ever be. [Colombia Bridge] Nice shooting, Malcolm. (Tucker attaches himself to the line.) Tucker to Captain Hernandez. I'm heading out. Never thought I'd see the stars like this. [Colombia Bridge] Don't mean to be a pest, but could someone tell me what's going on? Permission to come aboard? I'll feel a lot better when this is over. There's only one way to do this, Captain. A cold start. I have to shut down the reactor and re-set the algorithms. Once we bring the warp engine back online, the subroutines should be back to normal. [Bridge] That's why we need to move inside Columbia's warp field. [Launch bay] They can sustain our speed while I reinitialize the engines. [Bridge] I've got a shortcut in mind. [Bridge] Those subroutines [Launch bay] Would take hours to decrypt. Better just to purge them wipe them clean. [Bridge] What're they here for? How slight? Fancy meeting you here. Intermix pressure? Field variance? Somebody hasn't been taking very good care of my engine. You might want to take notes. I'm about to perform a manual shut-down and restart in less than two minutes. Watch me. (He climbs onto the top of the engine.) [Colombia Bridge] Stand by! Everyone get away from the bulkheads! It's going to get a little hot in here! (He does something quick and nasty to a relay in the warp engine, then dashes down the ladders.) Reactor shut down in five, four, three, two, one! (There's a big bright bang, and everything switches off.) T'Pol, prime the injectors. Jenkins, man the relays! Just another minute, Captain. Get ready to initialise the matrix. [Colombia Bridge] Almost there. Full power to containment! Fire up the antimatter stream! Here we go! Any time. I'd like to drop to impulse for a while [Bridge] Captain, just to check things over. Captain, it's going to be a while before everything's back to normal in Engineering. I could pull a little double duty to help him out. I could check with Captain Hernandez. What the hell's going on with Malcolm? Fair enough. Guess I'd better get back to Columbia. Sure. Why wouldn't I? Such as? I sleep just fine. How about you? You sure about that? No, I'd keep them if I were you, Captain. It makes you look intimidating. No, Kelby's got nothing to worry about. I'm only here temporarily. [Reed's quarters] (Reed is lying on his bunk, reading, when the monitor beeps.)
So what do we do? I'm willing to risk it. So you're saying we just forget about him? We tried diplomatic channels.
Nobody knows that better than him. He could've at least mentioned Enterprise. Who does he think got the Andorians and Tellarites talking? Not if he's writing it. Any idea who the hair belonged to? We got to talk about this. Phlox said DNA doesn't lie. Then how do you explain all this? Yeah. Phlox must be wrong, that's all there is to it. If you've never been pregnant, then you can't have a baby. But you said you'd never been Then what are you saying? How do you know that? Got a minute? This baby, can you tell if it's a boy or a girl? A girl. Is it okay? I mean, it's part human and part Vulcan. That's good to hear. I still can't believe it. She could have gotten pregnant and not told me about it. Yeah, I guess I do. That's good advice. You know, my father always wanted a granddaughter. He bugged my sister about it constantly. Yeah. [Paxton's office] (He's watching a recording on a screen. The speaker is talking to an audience and being applauded.) I want to be a part of that visit. This is the second time we've been through here. We've seen all this before. Maybe you downloaded an outdated map. Maybe you're reading it wrong. Give me that. (He takes the PADD off her.) TUCKER: I think I know what the problem is. We're lost. Let's try that direction. It's the only tunnel I don't recognise. (They have left a busy work area behind.) I think we're getting there. What do you mean? I never said that. You been talking to Phlox. Look, it's because you're Vulcan, isn't it, that you know all this. I am sick and tired of this bond we've got. T'POL: I don't particularly enjoy it, either. Listen, for the last time and for the record, I do believe you. And if you get anymore feelings. What? (He follows her gaze to a door labeled Quadrant 3.) There it is. Come on, let's go. [Travis' quarters] (It's dark, because there are clothes scattered everywhere, and the couple are in bed. She's still wearing her push-up bra, though.) I guess you found me out. Turner. Change of scenery. Know what you mean. Sometimes I wonder where it's all going to end. Someone's got to make a stand. I'll try and make it. One of the locals isn't very fond of Vulcans. You were saying? You're not buying it. I think we each know what we're doing tonight. [Level 7, Junction 4] Are you all right? What did you do to her? Who the hell are you? Not for long. You're behind this. I want to see her. Where are we going? You're going to warp? We'll be lucky if we don't fly apart.
At their present rate of descent, half hour, give or take. Try it now. They're back in comm. range. (Travis sees the shuttlepod leaving the gas giant.) I'm picking up something. I'll try to tie in the UT. We've got it. Barely. The probe's gone. (The hull groans.) T'Pol said the Klingons were unconscious. Why is this one so lively? You know, I read if they sense a leader's weak, they'll try to kill him and take command. Yeah, it's a tough little ship but it can't hold up under that pressure forever. What if we use duratanium braces to reinforce a shuttlepod? It won't look pretty but, it might hold up long enough for us to get our people out. You been boning up on your Klingon psychology? Maybe it's time you started thinking like a Klingon. [deleted scene] I'd like to run one more structural diagnostic before you launch. Beg your pardon? Learn anything? That may explain why our guest is so irritable. Going to go put your homework to use? How long till they get here? On screen. Well, I don't see why not. Calling to say thanks? They're charging weapons.
Yeah, nearly a third of the crew. You haven't been around humans too much, have you? More like three. Eight hours. We sleep for eight hours. In my case, about six. When we're through here maybe we can get a bite to eat. I might be able to clear up some of your misconceptions. Call me Trip. [Ready room] Where'd you hear that? : They're not trying to kill the quarterback. They're just trying to keep him from throwing the ball or running with it. It's only a game, not a fight to the death. You must think we're a bunch of barbarians. Well, I hope you'll tell all your friends. Set the record straight. There's, er, something I've always wondered about Vulcans. Maybe you could clear it up for me. It's kind of personal. Well, I've learned about your marriage customs. How your parents arrange the whole thing when you're young, stuff like that but, what about, you know. It's not a topic I've heard Vulcans discuss. Seven years? You up for seconds? You want me to talk to him? Well, I'll try, but something tells me it won't be as simple as fixing an engine. He's got a lot of resentment. Aye, sir. Well, I haven't really gotten to know him. He seems kind of quiet, though. A little sullen. Is that a problem? If I didn't know better I'd say you were a little jealous. If I was the only human on a ship full of Vulcans and we ran into an Earth vessel, I'd be spending as much time with them as I could. She likes being around her own kind. Who doesn't? Yes, sir. [T'Pol's quarters] (The pair are sitting on the floor facing each other. Candles are lit.) Are you sure you're making the right decision? I don't mean to put too fine a point on this, but you've got a limited window of opportunity. Once it closes Well, probably a faulty injector. Should be easy enough to fix. Do Vulcans dance? You know (He moves his arms.) I remember the first dance I ever went to. Bayshore Elementary Panama City, Florida. A girl I had a crush on, Melissa Lyles, was going to be there. So I spent weeks practicing the two-step with my brother. I wanted to make sure I was ready. She was wearing a red dress that night. Prettiest girl there. All I wanted to do was ask her to dance with me, but I never worked up the courage to go over and talk to her. I caught her looking at me a couple times but, I ended up just standing in a corner with my buddies. It's been more than twenty years and I'm still kicking myself for not asking that girl to dance. You probably don't know this, but regret is one of the strongest emotions and one of the saddest. I have a feeling you haven't had a brush with it yet, but it sounds to me like you're pretty close. That's something you might want to avoid. [Ready room] Keep an eye on the intermix pressure. Don't let it drift above five thousand. And watch those injector ports. Is that so? I'm glad to hear it. That'll give you a little more time to think about making that call. Anytime. (The Vahklas undocks and flies away.) [T'Pol's quarters] (She's sitting cross-legged with a single candle lit.)
Two days ago, you couldn't wait to get off the ship. Getting tired of exploration, Ensign? All the planets starting to look alike? I didn't think so. (coughs) I feel like I'm still breathing dirt. Shuttlepod One to Enterprise. Well, nothing worth bringing home. The Klingons must've been here years ago. All they left was an old power cell and a bunch of empty ration packs. Yeah. A long hot shower's looking pretty good. Shuttlepod One out. (Trip has a coughing fit.) Take over. (He gets out of the pilot's seat.) Got to dock. (He collapses on the floor.) Like I've been gut-punched by a Tellarite. I can do that, Captain. I should've thought of that myself. I'm going to guess that's a yes. Okay, this is for nausea, muscle pain, and a cough suppressant. Well, Doctor's orders (Travis arrives at the window, and knocks to get their attention.) We're a little busy right now, Travis. Yeah. Phlox doesn't know what's wrong with us yet. Aren't you supposed to be on duty? Travis, we really need to get some sleep. Thanks for stopping by. (He slides a privacy cover across the window.) You ever see The Andromeda Strain? No, it's a movie. Mid-twentieth century. It's about an extraterrestrial disease. This reminds me of my dorm room at Starfleet Training. Got into a lot of trouble at old STC. Well, you can't stop there. Can I ask why? You broke his arm playing cards? Hold on. You ran a floating poker game at STC? What happened? How the hell did you end up on Enterprise? Travis, if that's you again. Next time I ask to go on a landing party, talk me out of it, okay? Sleeping. Whatever Phlox gave us, at least it's helping with the pain. I don't suppose he's on his way over here with the cure. So, there is no cure. I'm getting the idea you're up against a deadline. I remember Exobiology 101, Captain. Humans are carbon-based. Our immune system can't fight silicon. There are still a bunch of planets out there we haven't seen. How many languages can you speak? Good? You're a genius. The way you can pick up an alien language you've never heard before and start spouting it back to them? I got to tell you, I've always been jealous you can do that. It's a bit more complicated than that. Sometimes. When I was a kid, not so good at building. But I was a terror when it came to taking things apart. My folks used to put all our kitchen appliances on the highest shelves. One Thanksgiving, I have no idea what I was thinking, but I removed every screw from this big dining room table we had. It was so old, the wood sort of stuck together, so it stayed standing until my dad put the turkey down. I spent the next month in my room. Oh, twenty four, twenty five. (Hoshi notices T'Pol and Phlox watching through the window.) How long have they been there? How's the research coming? You're the ones with the medical scanners. Look, if you really want to know how we feel, we'd be a lot better knowing you two were back in Sickbay working on the cure for this. Yeah, unless there's nothing more they can do. [Corridor] Hoshi. Hoshi, wake up. That's where we are. You'll see them again. [Situation room] Archer is pacing when Travis and Reed join him.) Hoshi, we're in quarantine for a reason. I have no idea what you're saying, but you can't break the lockout code. Hoshi, you have to stop. That's an airlock. You open those doors, we die. Hoshi, come on. (He takes hold of her, and they struggle until she collapses in tears in his arms.) The Captain won't let us down. [Decon chamber] Trip to whoever's out there. We're back. [Sickbay] That could drop a horse. Yeah, she's full of surprises today. (He injects her and she just slumps on the bed. He covers her with a blanket.) Sweet dreams, Houdini. [Sickbay] Anything else? Come on, Captain. You think I'm going to wander off, too? Start opening the wrong doors? I'm just wondering if either one of us will ever wake up again. (He injects himself.) I won't argue with that. [Sickbay] (After watching Tucker collapse onto the other bed.) The sensations in this host are different from the others. I'm experiencing physical pain. Why should any species have to endure this weakness? Maybe that isn't true for all species. Well, what worked for us might not work for everyone. Humans have different qualities. What do you have against this species? Klingons embrace violence. The humans try to avoid it. I have such respect for you, Captain Archer. (The readout still says he's dead.) Not exactly. I'm an Organian. a nonphysical life-form. (He sits up.) Trip is my host. Nothing. We never interfere in the natural development of other species. We only observe. That's why we come here. To see how different species react when they encounter it. I wanted to, but it's not up to me. (Hoshi removes the sheet from over her head and sitting up.) Because they don't apply to this species. If we don't challenge the rules No. We have the power to save them all. I'm defying the entire protocol. What Archer has done today, his act of compassion, you've never witnessed that before.
(whispers across the gangway) Captain. Captain? Is this how your justice system works? Ship people off to prison without a trial? What if you're not guilty? Anything else on the menu? I like it just fine. Eat your own. Then why don't you save yourself the trouble and stop talking to me? (The Nausicaan leaps to his feet, and is promptly brought down by the punishment device.) Thanks. (he gets a zap for his civility too) Thanks for the advice. We're not smugglers. I'm the Chief Engineer of a starship. He's my Captain. What if Enterprise doesn't find the shuttlepod? And if not? We're not criminals. He's right. What? Sounds terrific. Ask him. I'll take my chances with my own face. Can't say I have. Imagine that. Excuse me. Can I change seats? (The Nausicaan laughs)  [Prison transport Bridge] Almost there.  [Prison transport] Ready when you are.  [Prison transport Bridge] The plasma vents are open. (A cloud of purple engulfs the two ships, then Archer fires their feeble phase cannon into it. The explosion doesn't blow the ships up.)  [Prison transport Bridge] Is this really necessary? I just saved your skin and you still don't trust me. Do you know how much power flows through those plasma conduits? A lot. I could have been electrocuted. The least you could do is say thanks. Shut up!  [Situation room] Enough. No. I love hearing how delicious Melvaran mud fleas are or about the time you spent two hours with an Orion slave girl or the miracles doctors can perform these days, getting rid of Fluvian fungus! I haven't told you any. You won't let me get a word in edgewise. I can't even put my fingers in my ears. Ten minutes, that's all I'm asking. Just ten minutes of silence. Look, I'm sorry I snapped at you, but this isn't exactly the best place to socialise.  [Prison transport Engineering] Nice of you to visit. I hope you've got something else in mind. Yeah, piece of cake.  [Bridge] I need a minute. It's a big job.  [Prison transport Bridge] Listen, I know we kind of got off on the wrong foot. No hard feelings. But now that we're friends, I could use a hand. True. But I'm having trouble getting the intake valve open. I guess I don't have the muscle for it. Unless I'm mistaken, Kuroda wants this hatch repaired. (The Nausicaan puts down the rifle in front of him and reaches into They lied. They're planning to kill you. All of you. Keep it down. (He tries to get to the Bridge.)  [Prison transport Bridge] (An alarm sounds) What? Where's Archer? Captain, would you mind? Anything I can do? Just about.
These were sent by my nephew's fourth grade class. I thought the crew might like to see how excited folks at home are about our mission. Some of these kids are pretty talented. Which one do you want? This one's nice. Or maybe you want First Contact. Or how about this one? (A picture of a green Vulcan with huge ears.) Wow, that's one big snowball. Milk, cold. (T'Pol enters.) TUCKER: Catching up on your reading? Stay away from the Zariphean blend unless you want to stay up for the next three days. You want to join me? I could use the company. Tell me about it. I put out about a hundred fires in Engineering this afternoon and missed dinner. Then somebody told me Chef made a pecan pie, and suddenly my life brightened. It's been my favourite since I was a kid. Care for a bite? It's delicious. What, Vulcans don't have a sweet tooth? It may not be good for the body, but it sure is good for the soul. Mmm, I feel better already. Sweet dreams. [Situation room] That's too deep to get a lock. Take a look at something, will you? I've been running diagnostics and I found some kind of power surge in the transceiver array. Who was it sent to? [Ready room] I wish I wasn't. Did she say anything to you about it? Looks like she's having some trouble keeping her promises. Should I have Hoshi decrypt it? (at Reed's station) You sure you want me here for this? I've got a lot of work to do. Pause it, will you? (Hoshi does.) TUCKER: A poop question, sir? Can't I talk about the warp reactor or the transporter? The first thing you've got to understand is we recycle pretty much everything on a starship. That includes waste, and the first thing that happens to the waste is it gets processed through a machine called a bio-matter resequencer. Then it gets broken down into. Hold on. So the waste is broken down into little molecules and then they get transformed into any number of things we can use on the ship. Cargo containers, insulation, boots, you name it. Any luck? What's it say? You didn't read it? Thanks. (She leaves. He goes to his console and translates it) [Ready room] Well, we decrypted the message. It's not exactly what we expected. It's a letter. It's personal. Very personal. You could order me to tell you, sir, but you wouldn't be happy if I did. That's what I want to know. Maybe Vulcans encrypt all their personal letters. All they had to do was send it through regular channels, mark it personal, and we'd have left it alone. But no, they had to encrypt it, force me to start snooping. I feel like I got caught with my hand in the cookie jar. I can't let it go. I've got to tell her. It's the right thing to do. At least I'll be able to look her in the eye without feeling guilty. I might need one. [Bridge] Got a minute? In private? Did you ever, did you ever do anything totally by mistake that you weren't very proud of? Did you ever come across something that you thought was one thing so you reacted in a certain way, but then it turned out to be something completely different? I found out about your message from the Vulcan ship. Why wasn't it sent through normal Starfleet channels? So they sent it in code? Do you have any idea how suspicious that looked? Believe me, I don't feel very good about it. I'm trying to apologise here. No. I won't, I promise. [Ready room] I'd love to get a look inside those nacelles. Hope you saved room for dessert. (A deathly silence.) So, Captain, tell us about yourself. I don't know. Where were you born, how long have you been Captain, any hobbies? What'd he say? (T'Pol leaves.) [Bridge] You decide to tell me what Vanik said? I've never seen your quarters before. Cozy. (Tucker sits on floor.) TUCKER: You know you're not supposed to have an open flame on the ship. So, what can I do for you? You want to talk to me? Well, I'm not sure I'm going to be much help. I mean, I've only been in three relationships and they all went bust. Are you sure you wouldn't rather talk to Hoshi or Ensign Kimball? She's married. I'll do anything I can. What's your problem? Yes. Have you talked to? Have you talked to Koss about all this? How can you be in love with a guy you've only met four times? So his parents send you an ultimatum? He doesn't have a say? Boy. Where I come from, arranged marriages went out with slavery. I'm still a little fuzzy on why they threatened to call it off in the first place. Well, Vanik can take you home. Why don't you go marry Koss, then come back? Maybe he can come to Enterprise. This whole thing sounds illogical. What do you want to do? No, it's not. It's very relevant. Do you want to go back and marry this guy, spend a year with him, ten years, a hundred years, or do you want to stay on Enterprise? You've got an obligation to yourself. You've spent the last year around humans. If there's one thing you should have learned it's that we're free to make our own decisions. There's a lot to be said for personal choice. I respect your customs, but this marriage was arranged when you were a kid. A lot's happened since then. People change. Really. Sounds to me like you already made up your mind. Why the hell did you ask me here? Did it ever occur to you that you might have postponed the wedding because subconsciously you wanted to get out of it? Well it happens to humans all the time. Maybe you're picking up some of our bad habits. [Comet surface] (They're packing up to leave when Travis slips and falls back into the crater they blew.) (at Reed's station) The mouth of that chasm's a little narrow. Bring us in another fifty metres. Two metres starboard. A little more. There, right there. Synchronise to the rotation. Almost got it. The pod's hit an outcropping. It's wedged in. Take us a few metres to port. We might be able to pull them around it. Those eisilium deposits are disrupting the maglock. I'm losing them. In less than an hour that chasm will be sealed up again. I don't like him any more than you do, Captain, but a tractor beam sounds like a pretty good idea right now. That tractor beam of yours is quite something. Any chance we could take a look at the specifications? I thought it might be. You don't have much time. I assume you're all packed. It's personal. (Later, in her quarters, T'Pol is meditating, with a piece of pie on a plate in front of her.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
Did you run a phase diagnostic? Better work up a bypass. Kelby. Kelby. (Tucker catches up with him.) TUCKER: We have a problem? Look, the Captain asked me to stick around. As soon as the repairs are done, I'm back on Columbia. That's right. I was his Chief Engineer for four years. He thinks he's going to lose his promotion. With Kelby? I could use a second pair of eyes on the field matrix. The pattern's bothering me, and I can't figure out why. Thanks. Daydreams? You're wondering if I've been having any daydreams about you? Well, let me think. No, nothing comes to mind. Have you been having daydreams about me? You going to tell me what this is about? It's a good bet the problem's right there. Take it apart. (The crewman leaves, and then he hears giggling from below.) Lieutenant. Talk to you a second? (Kelby somehow tears himself You're supposed to be recalibrating the EPS taps, not giving a tour. Not to mention the fact that she doesn't have clearance. You should've checked with me first. Just ask her to leave. That was an order. What the hell's the matter with you? Kelby, you're walking a fine line. You're confined to quarters. It's either your quarters or the Brig. Get out of here, now. [Navaar's quarters] (Navaar is lying on the bed, playing with her hair, when the doorbell chimes.) Kelby! What the hell are you doing? (He drags the engineer from the panel but Kelby knocks him down before continuing. Tucker gets up, they exchange punches and Kelby is knocked out.) Blow the dampeners! Move! (Enterprise comes to a grinding halt as the warp engines go out.) [Corridor] He blew out every junction in the EPS system. If we hadn't got to him, we might not have a ship under our feet. I'm not sure we can get underway. He did a pretty thorough job. [Sickbay] (Kelby is strapped to a biobed.) What's wrong with him? The Orions? You okay? Why me? Great. You can run through these diagnostics. See if you can find anything that isn't fried. You really think they're coming after us? You know, I keep thinking back to our first mission, when we met the Suliban. I was so damn naive. I actually thought it was the last time we'd have to fight someone. Knock if off! That's an order! Start up again, and you'll end up in the Brig, understand? Now go help Masarro with the injectors. Now! (to the other crewman) Get back to work. That's the third one in the last hour. The thing I can't figure out is why I'm immune. You? We didn't mate. Okay, what do you mean by psychic bond? Those daydreams. When I said before that I wasn't having any daydreams about you, it wasn't actually true. So if we're bonded, what does this have to do with me not being affected by the Orions? And you're making me immune? I don't know whether to be relieved or really worried. [Bridge] (Archer is pacing like a caged cat when the proximity sensor sounds.) Trip. I'll see what I can do. [Bridge] Try to divert some of the power from the grav plating. (As T'Pol does so, he shouts the warning to the rest of his crew) We're going to be a little lighter on our feet. What the hell, I've been meaning to lose a few pounds. You seeing what I'm seeing? Get up to the bridge. I'll be right behind you. [Bridge] (T'Pol goes straight to her station and starts working.) I've almost got it. You'll have to reroute the main EPS conduit. [Bridge] We're ready. (T'Pol sends the blue pulse up the towing line. Enterprise is freed and there is a satisfying explosion inside Harrad's ship.) Oh, save it. Captain Archer runs this ship. You're sweet-talking the wrong guy. Let's go. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. The Orion women have been returned to Harrad-Sar, who's headed home at very low impulse. [Sickbay] The entire crew's been bumping into walls. It's like someone spiked the water supply. I appreciate that. At least, trying to make one. There it is again. I guess we proved it again. That you and I make a hell of a team. Even more now that we're in each other's heads. I imagine Captain Hernandez is getting pretty antsy to have her Chief Engineer back. I think Kelby can handle them. He'd been observing my work pretty carefully, when he wasn't trying to blow up the ship. Why don't you just say it? That you want me to come back. No. That you want me back. My mistake. See you around. Then I'll think about it. Three days ago, I told Captain Hernandez I wanted a transfer back to Enterprise. I realised this is where I was meant to be, and that this thing between us isn't that big of a deal. Guess we got a lot of work to do. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
If I can, it should put on a hell of a show. Aye, Captain. [Ready room]  You've got six spatial charges. I rigged them myself. If there's any dark matter within five hundred kilometres, you'll know it. You sure you don't want some company? All the more reason to bring your engineer along. I still can't believe it.  There's nothing wrong with that engine. Tucker, sir. I'm on Captain Jefferies' Engineering team. We've never pumped this much antimatter through the injectors before. It's going to take us a little time to get the intermix right. Just because it took you a hundred years to crack warp two doesn't mean it'll take us that long. Sorry, sir.  Cyrus. (Ruby delivers beers to their table.) It was my great grandfather's name. Chester. How about Rosalie if it's a girl? Come on, give me a hint. (Ruby leaves them.) She's had names for her kids picked out since she was ten. Says she'll marry the first man to guess them. Charles Tucker, sir, but everyone calls me Trip. My dad's Charles Tucker, and so was his dad. That makes me the third, so triple. Trip. I don't get it. It's like they want us to fail. Can I buy you a drink, sir? I'm sorry, sir, I didn't mean to One beer. Permission to speak freely, sir? It's your father's engine. His life's work. You can't let them do this. (Later, Forrest has left and it's raining outside, but the pair are still drinking. Robinson comes in and hanging up his traditional leather flight jacket.) What'd you tell them? Aren't you forgetting something? The possibility of pilot error. The engine's sound. We just need more time to balance the intermix. Come on, come on, break it up. (Tucker restrains Archer while two other guys get Robinson.) Break it up! I've routed the intermix controls to the engineering station. If it becomes unstable, you'll be able to adjust it manually. If I came along, I could monitor the antimatter flow. You're going to have your hands full. I'm going to hold you to it. (They shake on it.) I've disabled [NX Hangar]  The tracking sensors but I'll need a minute to divert the telemetry. Don't wait for me. I'll be ready by the time you break orbit. [NX Beta] No, as far as they know the doors are closed and the lights are out. [NX Hangar]  But New Berlin should be picking you up in about six minutes. [NX Beta]  Here we go again. I'm reading fluctuations in the intermix. Your warp field's destabilising. [NX Beta] (Archer is fighting the controls.) NX Beta, do you read? [NX Control room] ARCHER  Welcome back. How'd it go? Was it a good show? I'll remember to ask you next time. (Tucker leaves.)
Malcolm can be a tough man to get to know, I'll grant you that. He likes to keep to himself. This feel okay? (He presses a point on her foot.) But, you spend enough time around him, you come to realise there's no one you'd rather have watching your back. (She pulls her foot away.) I thought you said you weren't ticklish. Maybe I'm doing this wrong. Posture? Sure. Take a seat. I don't think Malcolm thinks of MACOs as the enemy. Competition maybe. Relax. (He puts his thumbs by her spine.) This is one of the first pressure points T'Pol worked on. Helped me get through many a night. You should bring it up with Hayes. So does Malcolm. He told me that while he was in Starfleet training, he ate the exact same three meals every day for a year. Maybe that's why they get along so well. (pressing harder) How's it feeling? There. (He lets go. Cole turns around and faces him.) Well I guess I did it right. (She kisses him.) Well. That was unexpected. No. With a little warning. Commander Tucker. I'm on it. [Bridge] (A jolt backwards out of the gloop, the air clears and the sparkly things disappear.) We're ready to open the hatch. (He and Malcolm remove the front of the pod. Vapour pours out, and a body in a clear tube is ejected.) [Sickbay] (The alien is awake and shaking. He looks as if he has a bad case of icthyosis.) I think it's a transmitter. I just can't pin-point the frequency. What about? She never said anything about headaches. Why would neuro-pressure be the cause? I've performed it on you plenty of times. I see. You want to supervise me and Corporal Cole? Amanda won't be too happy about ending the sessions. What do you mean by that? Friendly. You've been keeping a pretty close eye on us. Look, Amanda and I just share a lot of interests, that's all. We both come from Florida Discretion. She's not Starfleet. There's nothing inappropriate about it. What's wrong? That target practice was something. Sure looked a easier than it was. Oh, come on. Your score got a lot better as the session went on. You two really ought to declare a truce. I guess if I were in your shoes, I'd be just as upset. You really believe that? Well, it could also be that he wants everyone to be as prepared as possible. You have to admit the extra training isn't such a bad idea. Okay. We're friends. Is everyone on this ship watching us? That's what T'Pol said. So? T'Pol's just smoothing out some of the rough spots. That's all. What's it to you? I do it with T'Pol. Are you implying there's something going on there as well? Look, for the last time, there's nothing going on with any of us, between any of us. That's right. Exactly. Just drop it. [Sickbay] Between all this training and the extra shifts in Engineering, I've been looking forward to this all day. You aren't saying much tonight. Don't tell me you're still upset about me and Amanda. It sure sounds like it. Why would a few neuro-pressure sessions between me and a MACO be such a big deal? Unless. Unless you're a little jealous. You're doing a pretty fair imitation of it. You know, your voice is tensing up. It's a dead giveaway. I don't need to be an expert to read you. Come on, admit it. You're a little jealous. That kind of goes along with the assumption, doesn't it? Are you saying I'm attracted to you? I don't remember that conversation. Sim? He told you that. What the hell was he doing in your room? Oh, now you're the vocal expert. I can't believe this. I'm jealous of myself? No, absolutely not. Okay, maybe. Maybe I am, a little. What just happened here? Did we? Are we? (She kisses him, then completely disrobes.) [Sickbay] Tucker. (Just as things go bang. Reed finds him unconscious.) Morning. Coffee, strong. Some night. I don't know who did more damage to the engine, the alien or Malcolm. Another day at least. I guess we should talk about what happened last night. Well, I was referring to what happened between us, in your quarters. I guess I'll go first. Actually, why don't you go first? No need to thank me. I'm not sure I follow. Sounds like you're saying last night was some kind of experiment. But that's the general idea. No, I'm not getting emotional. I just don't like being compared to a lab rat. Forget it. I'd appreciate it if we could keep this between us. In fact, we probably should forget it ever happened. Doesn't mean we can't keep doing the neuro-pressure though. [Ready room] (A pair of visibly bruised and battered men are standing to attention.)
Tucker to the Bridge. I've got the warp reactor buttoned up. [Bridge] We're as ready as we'll ever be. No tea? Bad. The Armoury? Pleasure. Well, I'll let you two get acquainted. [Captain's Mess] I haven't seen you in a while. As long as you're here, maybe you can give me a hand. Touch this onto the phase regulator, there, while I check the polarity. I thought you might be avoiding me. Three of the injectors are burnt out, the restrictor coils are completely fried. I would say at least two days, but the blue guys really know their stuff. Should be up and running in about twelve hours? Is there a problem? Ensign. I'll take him from here. Pretty well, thanks to your people, but I was wondering if I could ask a favour. I'm told your anti-matter injectors use variable compression nozzles. I don't want to get anyone in trouble, but one of those injectors would work wonders for our engines. I thought we were allies here. Thanks. Well, lots of people lost family. I'd love to get my hands on whoever ordered that attack, but that's not why we're here. I just want to make sure they don't get the chance to finish I appreciate it. [Weapon control centre]
Chief Engineers log, supplemental. This turned out to be the perfect spot to test the autopilot upgrades. The gas giant has dozens of moons. It's like a gravitational jigsaw puzzle. Watch out, Travis. These modifications are working so well, pretty soon we won't need pilots anymore. Captain? Say again, Captain. I'm picking up a lot of interference. ARCHER [OC] There's a small vessel approaching your position. (Tucker dashes to the pilot seat to see a small ship heading for him.) This is Commander Charles Tucker. (It fires at him and passes Chief Engineer's Log, supplemental. For the record, I was attacked by a small craft. I don't know what I did to provoke him. Something in this moon's atmosphere neutralised my engines. I was forced to make an emergency landing. Looks like I took some damage on impact. Main power's still offline. I don't think I'll be flying out of here. First things first. I'll try and get the transceiver working, contact the Enterprise. [Moon] (Working outside next to a campfire, but his fingers are still very cold and they slip,) Damn it. (He blows on them to try and get some feeling back. There's a noise in the shrubs and he leaves the transceiver to go and investigate, carrying a torch and a large metal bar-like tool. Suddenly there's weapon fire and he falls to the ground. A big alien is shouting something and shooting at him. Tucker dives into the shuttlepod for cover and closes the hatch. He looks out towards the campfire to see -) Son of a bitch stole my transceiver. [Bridge] (Another ship has arrived at the gas giant.) I'm coming out now. Please don't fire. I want to talk. I'm unarmed. (The alien heads off in the direction of the voice, and Tucker sneaks in from the opposite side to get his transceiver and do something to it.) We need to talk. You have something that belongs to me. I want it back. If you understand anything that I'm saying to you, I want you to listen very, very closely. Mary had a little lamb. Its fleece was white as snow. (The alien discovers a PADD and speaker in a tree.) And everywhere that Mary went, the lamb was sure to go. (The alien dashes back to his camp, tripping an alarm on the way so Tucker has time to hide. He leaves the transceiver behind. The alien comes looking for him, Tucker knocks the gun out of his hand. They wrestle briefly until Tucker manages to snatch it up.) Now, maybe we can introduce ourselves. Nice to meet you, too. Now, I don't want to hurt you. I just want my transceiver back. (The alien says something, then manages to knock Tucker's feet out from under him, grab the gun and shoot him. Later, the alien is trying to work on the transceiver to no avail. He goes over to Tucker and kicks him awake.) I'm no good until I've had my coffee. (The alien hauls him to his feet and gestures towards the equipment, saying something.) You wouldn't have a Universal Translator on you? I don't understand a word you're saying! (Zho'Kaan lets go of him and mutters towards the transceiver.) I can't make it work. It's broken. You know, broken. I was trying to make repairs when you stole it. (Zho'Kaan implyes that Tucker should mend it then.) What? You want me to fix your transceiver. (The alien jerks his head.) Is that a yes or a no? Kushka to you, too. (Zho'Kaan pulls a gun on him,) You kill me and I can't fix anything. You're going to have to untie me. I need my hands. I try anything, I'm a dead man. I get the message. (The alien unties his wrists.) [Ready room] Damn it. Well, looks like we've made some headway in our First Contact between humans and whatever you are. Unfortunately, your first word is something you wouldn't want to use in polite company. (Zho'Kaan says something then gestures towards Tucker.) No. I'm Trip. (slaps his chest) Trip. Zho'Kaan. Great. Now that we've been properly introduced, how about some water, Zho'Kaan? It's getting kind of hot. Thirsty. You Thanks. (Tucker takes a sip then spits it out and throws the flask Sorry. I have water in my shuttle. Water. Something I can drink. (Later, Trip is down to his singlet and struggling with the alien tech. He pulls at a wire and falls, cutting himself.) There's a medkit in my shuttlepod. (Zho'Kaan sprays saliva onto the cut.) TUCKER: What the hell are you doing? Are you crazy? (The cut heals quickly All right, all right. I can't fix this thing. It's a lost cause. Maybe if you vomit on it, it'll fix itself. Come over here. I want you to see this. Here. Come here. It's like talking to Porthos. See this? I tried bypassing the induction coil, but it didn't work. See? In here. (As Zho'Kaan leans over, Trip pulls out a tube and something sprays into the alien's face, sending him reeling in pain. Same to you. Now, let's get going. [Bridge] Don't give me that look. You started this. (He takes a long Nohkto. I couldn't agree more. You want food from your ship? V'dhoze, that means food? V'dhoze, ship. Yeah. Sorry, but breakfast is going to have to wait. I've figured out a way to get us out of here. I got a pretty good look at your comm. configuration back there. I think I can cannibalise the power supply from your transceiver and use it to get mine working. Maybe get a message off. (A little later, the sun is slowly rising higher in the sky.) Got it. Almost there. I think this is going to work. No, not nohkto. Good. That's right. We're getting out of here. Once we get back to Enterprise and we can finally understand each other, the first words out of your mouth had better be thank you. (He gets an electrical short Before we start, we'll get some food from your ship. Your v'dhoze. (As soon as his hands are free, Zho'Kaan attacks Tucker. They wrestle, Respond. Mayday. Enterprise. Anybody. Please respond. [Ready room] Chief Engineer's log, supplemental. It's been two hours since we started signaling the Enterprise. No response yet. The sun's not even up yet and it's already hotter than hell. My sparring partner doesn't look too good. I can't be sure, but I don't think his species can sweat. For the record, I have learned one thing about him. His name's Zho'Kaan. Anything you want to say to the folks back home? That means bad. You'd be proud of me, Hoshi. I've picked up about a dozen words in his language. A couple of them are real tongue-twisters. (He unscrews the top from Zho'Kaan's flask so he can drink.) Hey. Zho'Kaan. (he lifts his head slightly) I though I lost you there. No. No Enterprise. Don't worry. I'll get Phlox to cook up a new batch for you once we're aboard Enterprise. He's great with that kind of thing. Stay with me, Zho'Kaan. Gan tak. Don't die on me now, understand? All right. See? I told you. Hoshi, is that you? [Bridge] Do you read me? You're just in time, Captain. It's starting to get a little hot down here. Don't send a shuttlepod. [Moon] There's something in this atmosphere that'll affect the engines. I'm not alone, Captain. Uh, just like old friends. I'm a little worried, though. He's gotten very dehydrated. [Bridge] I'm still here, Captain. No way, Captain. I'm not leaving him here. I'm sorry, sir, but I can't do that. [Bridge] Maybe there's another way. [Cliff face] We know our pods can't make it, but I got a good look at the circuitry inside the Arkonian shuttle. One of theirs could be modified. [Bridge] If they take a look at their intake manifolds [Cliff face] I think they could realign them to filter out the isotopes. [Bridge] Understood. Tucker to Enterprise. Enterprise, respond. Some of these relays have fused. Must be the heat. Hey. Gan tak. (He pours some water on How's he doing? They told me another ten minutes of sunshine, and we'd have been cooked. I thought you said the UT was working. You mean the brown stuff you were drinking? Won't take a minute. Anything else while I'm at it? Our chef is making something called chicken Marsala tonight. Tarattaash. Got you. That makes two of us. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
The ventral plating team says they'll be done in about three days. You planning to sit on the hull and pose for some postcards? And fast. Warp four point five next Thursday. Give me a second. Sorry. Orbital six. Beautiful. Lock it off right there. (The slightly southern USA accented man wipes a fingerprint off the warp console.) Our space boomer. Warp four. We'll be going to four five as soon as we clear Jupiter. Think you can handle it? Keep your shirt on, Lieutenant. Your equipment'll be here in the morning. [Amazon University - outdoor classroom] Since when do we have Vulcan Science Officers? So we get a few maps and they get to put a spy on our ship? [Ready room] I thought the whole point of this was to get away from the Vulcans. I don't know. I'd be more comfortable with Porthos on the Bridge. I took a shower this morning. How about you, Captain? Trip. I'm called Trip. Ready when you are. [Bridge] You're upside down, Ensign. Care to explain why? Sweet spot? Wow! (finds himself in zero gravity before falling onto the ceiling) Slept? The Captain tells me you've been to Trillius Prime. I've only been to one inhabited planet besides Earth. Nothing there but dust-dwelling ticks. I've heard the women on Draylax have. You know that first-hand? I guess growing up a boomer has its advantages. [Mess hall] Sorry. Dinner with the boss tonight. [Captain's mess] You should've started without me. No kidding. I lived a few blocks from there when I first joined Starfleet. Great parties at the Vulcan Compound. Can't wait to see you tackle the spare ribs. Looks delicious. Tell Chef I said thanks. Grandma taught me never to judge a species by their eating habits. Yeah? How about war, disease, hunger. Pretty much wiped 'em out in less than two generations. I wouldn't call that small potatoes. Well, we used to have cannibals on Earth. Who knows how far we'll revert? Lucky this isn't a long mission. Looks more like a glitch. How about this? How can you be so damn sure what our sensors can do? You know, some people say that you Vulcans do nothing but patronise us, but if they were here now, if they could see how far you're bending over backwards to help me, they'd eat their words. I realize he's only a simple Earthling but did it ever occur to you that he might know what he's doing? It's no secret Starfleet hasn't been around too long. God knows you remind us of that every chance you get, but does that mean the man who's been put in charge of this mission doesn't deserve our support? Then again, loyalty's an emotion, isn't it? Not really. If we can figure out the decay rate of their plasma, we'll be able to find their warp trail. You forgot to warn us about drinking the water. Hey. (watching as the woman keeps taking the respirator away from the child, who starts gasping each time) What are you doing? Leave the kid alone! Do you see what she's doing? He's going to suffocate! Could've fooled me. Over here! Like I said, it's back there. (Weapons fire. They dive for cover) [Shuttlepod] Is this really necessary? How's the Captain? Will he be all right? Correct me if I'm wrong, but aren't you just kind of an observer on this mission? I don't remember anyone telling me you were a member of Starfleet. Apples and oranges. This is an Earth vessel. You're in no position to take command. You must really be proud of yourself. You can put an end to this mission while the Captain's still unconscious in Sickbay. You won't even have to look him in the eye. Let's say you're right. Let's say we screwed up just like you always knew we would. It's still a pretty good bet that whoever blew that hole in the Captain's leg is connected somehow to the people who took Klaang. Captain Archer deserves a chance to see this through. If you knew him, you'd realise that's what he's about. He needs to finish what he starts. His daddy was the same way. He only wanted to see his engine fly. They never even gave him a chance to fail. Here you are, thirty years later, proving just how consistent you Vulcans can be. [Sickbay] How are you doing, Captain? Earth, sir? Modifying the sensors was her idea, sir. [deleted scene - Bridge] Engineering. It's okay, Travis. I'll keep an eye on the engine. [Archer's quarters] Bridge, we're taking [Engineering] damage down here. What's going on? Ask me another one. The pitch control. Pitch control. Guidance system. Got it. Hmm. It's not this one There, that's it. The auxiliary throttle. How complicated can it be? Up, down, forward, reverse. We'll figure it out. [Ready room] Travis said not to worry about that panel. I think we're there. Open. Where is it? It was right here. There you are. This is going be easier than I thought. It's okay. We're You tell him, big guy. Captain? Where are you? [Suliban Helix] What about you, sir? It's going to be hard to isolate your biosigns, so stay as far away from the Suliban. [Suliban Helix] As you can. I don't particularly like the way you smell, either. I don't get it, this is right where they're supposed to be. [Bridge] Turn this ship around. Now. The Captain specifically told us to come back for him. I just told you his orders. What's there to interpret? What the hell is that supposed to mean? I can't believe this! I don't remember the Captain analyzing anything when he went back for you on that roof. Is it. [Temporal communication room] The auto-sequencer's online but annular confinement's still off by two microns. Easy for you to say. [Bridge] Bridge, we've got him! Sorry, Captain. We had no other choice. [Klingon High Council Chamber] Orders? Son of a bitch. I'll get double shifts on the repair work. Let's hope. (leaves)
Go ahead. So far, so good, but I wouldn't recommend putting them through a lot more of this. [Bridge]  I'd need a day to refine enough ore and at least twelve hours [Bridge] TUCKER Aye, sir.  Sensors say we're passing through a gravimetric distortion. Trellium seems to be doing it's job. That felt promising. [Command centre] Power's fluctuating. (The ride gets rough, then we see the pod disappear.) Some microfractures, but nothing we can't handle. (power fails) Switching to backup. (They emerge from the cloaking field.) Ah, hell. The sensor relays were damaged. Not long, but we'll have to get back to Enterprise. I need to open up the circuit housings on the undercarriage. No way to get to them from the inside. You're not planning to land on that thing?  Not exactly my idea of shore leave. Don't get lost. (A little while later.) Almost there, sir. Just two more relays. (Flash, bang.) TUCKER: Captain! (With one thruster firing, the pod lifts off slowly on it's own.) The port thruster ignited. When I was bypassing the last relay, I must have triggered a surge in the propulsion system. Son of a bitch! (The pod rotates gently We can sure as hell try. (They both draw phase pistols.) Careful, sir. That was awfully close to the O2 recycler. (Tucker fires
Make mine a large indulgence. Here's to many more. You had a personal matter in Carbon Creek, Pennsylvania? Seems a little unfair. We tell her plenty of stories. If it's a good one. Every school kid knows that Zephram Cochrane met the Vulcans in Bozeman, Montana, on April 5th, 2063. I've been there. There's a statue. Your who? On Vulcan? Hang on. T'Mir was your great-grandmother? I'd be the last person to question your math, but aren't you missing a few generations? Sputnik was two hundred years ago. Right. Just how old are you? (He gets a glare and turns to Archer.) It's got to be in her record. I think that wine's gone to your head. Two Vulcans stroll into a bar, hustle a few games of pool and walk out with an armload of TV dinners. It sounds like an old episode of The Twilight Zone. Do you realise you've just rewritten our history books? Footnote? This is like finding out Neil Armstrong wasn't the first man to walk on the moon. An alien is left on Earth in the 1950s, lives through, what, thirty Presidents? Travels the world, and no one notices him? And what happened when he finally kicked the bucket? Did the undertaker just shrug and ignore his ears? And it was a good one. But did it really happen? Damn, Captain, she put one over on us.
Sounds like home. (still at the door) You expect us to sit up here for a week while probes have all the fun? You'd have better luck making friends with a housefly. Wow. Where no dog has gone before. Perfect. Hold it right there. (Tucker gets out his camera to record the group. Archer nearly puts his arm around T'Pol.) A cabin in these woods would be nice. Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. You guys would be lost without me. Boomers. (They stop by a stream as Tucker takes yet another photograph, and the communicator chirps.) Captain, if it's all right with you, Travis and I'd like to stay as well. When was the last time you slept under the stars? There's plenty of camping gear in the pod. Thanks, Captain. (to T'Pol) Don't worry, we'll keep out of your hair. [Night time - campfire] Those were retired decades ago. Of course it was cold. It was floating in space for sixty years. Let me guess. No ghost stories on Vulcan. What? When I was a kid I'd go camping with my buddies. We'd spend half the night looking up at the stars wondering what our own sun would look like from this far away. Has anyone heard the one about the haunted comet? Nice going, Travis, you scared off the bugs. Looks like we might have ourselves a little weather. This is nothing compared to a hurricane coming up through the Florida Keys. (leaping up) Ow! Son of a bitch! There's something in my bag. (What looks like a Ceti eel from Wrath of Khan scuttles around.) Give me your boot. So I can squash it. If they're inside your sleeping bag. (T'Pol is watching from I'm just going to stun it. [T'Pol's tent] Go ahead. Oh no, just an eight inch scorpion thing inside our tent. [T'Pol's tent] I think I've got it under control. [Tent one] No not there, it's over there. (The guy I think we're going to need it. [Archer's quarters] (opening case) Who's got the food packs? Travis? Be careful. (Ethan peers suspiciously at shadows further into the cavern.) [Outside] (Travis pounces on a food pack blowing in the wind, then sees a figure walking in the trees.) Just you, why? I think we've had enough ghost stories for one night. Sub-commander? (She shines her torch on her scanner.) We don't know that. They could be friendly. Slow down, crewman. That's an order. (Ethan breaks free and dashes ou.t) Stay here. (He opens case and takes out two phase pistols, hands Travis! I saw one. (But It's too dangerous. We should go back. [Cavern] (Cutler follows the voices and sees T'Pol talking to two aliens who then merge into the rocks.) We've lost Novakovich and we're apparently not alone. There's some kind of lifeform down here. We're heading there now, sir. [Cavern] Not a moment too soon. From what I saw, these things live inside the rock. Crewman? Neither does she. You keep claiming these creatures don't exist, but the rest of us have all seen them. That's a little strange, don't you think? I'd like to believe you, but you Vulcans don't exactly have a spotless track record when it comes to being honest with us. You've held things back before. You might be doing it again. (comm. chirps) Tucker here. Captain, aren't you forgetting something? We'll do our best, sir. Understood. [Cavern] You heard the Captain. He wants to know about your friends. What are you going to tell him? What are you going to tell him? Is it? We're stuck down here for God knows how long with a bunch of rock people who, for all we know, are staring at us from these walls right now. Not to mention a crewman out there who probably won't last the night. Now if we're going to get through this, I need to know what the hell's going on. You beginning to see my point? You couldn't care less about him or any of the rest of us. That would require some of those useless human emotions. You've never seen me irrational. Great. We'll have to conserve what's left. How do we know you're not going in there to talk to your friends? Sit down. (He takes her pistol.) TUCKER: You heard me. [Bridge] (pacing) What are you doing? On what. Find anything you want to tell me about? That's what you'd like us to think. Let me see that thing. (takes scanner off her) No, but Hoshi would. This could be evidence. Your little conspiracy. Oh? Your people have been telling us that kind of crap for a hundred years. Looks like you finally found a way to put us back in our cage. Imagine the news back home, Travis. Enterprise crew found dead. Six weeks into their historic voyage, the bodies of all eighty two crewmembers were located on an uninhabited world. A Vulcan ship made the unfortunate discovery. Cause of death remains a mystery. But what the Vulcans won't say is they know exactly who attacked us. In fact, they arranged the whole thing. They lured us down here so they could sabotage our mission. We know you're here. Why don't you show yourselves? You're not afraid of us, are you? Maybe you're waiting for the others to come down so you can kill us all at once. Did you see that? Sounds like you're getting a little volatile yourself, Sub-Commander. I thought you had your emotions all locked up. Having a little problem, are you? (Travis sees something slither across the rock roof.) You think I'm going to wait around here for you to slaughter us? I'll blow this whole cave apart if I have to. I know you hear me! [Sickbay] My suspicions were [Cavern] Right on the nose, Captain. Our little Vulcan here is [Sickbay] Not what she appears to be. Never was. There's some kind of [Cavern] Creatures down here. They hide inside solid rock. Travis and I have both seen them. Cutler saw two of them talking to T'Pol. They're up to something but of course, she denies it. [Sickbay] Are you telling me those creatures aren't real? [Sickbay] We didn't imagine this, Captain. [Sickbay] You're not down here, Captain. [Cavern] You don't understand what's going on. [Sickbay] Travis. (wakes him) You still with me? I need you on your feet. Those things could come back at any time. Listen to me. I'm giving you an order. (But Travis is seeing and hearing him I have no idea what you just said, but it didn't sound very nice. You're making a mistake working with her. She'll stab you in the back first chance she gets. Tell you what. Come out and we'll settle this peacefully. Whatever she told you about humans, it's not true. You can see for yourself. Say something! (He fires his phase pistol at the wall just Stay awake, Travis. I can't afford to have you going out on me. Cutler, you okay? (to T'Pol) If you're waiting for me to pass out, you're wasting your time. You might as well have your friends come out now, do whatever they're going to do. (comm. chirps) Who's that? Taking an injection isn't going to change a damn thing, don't you see that? They're planning something, Captain. First us, then all of you. Say one more word of that gibberish and I'm going to split you in two. The only thing that's affecting her are those rock people. If I can stop her now, I can save Enterprise. What's that got to do with anything? [Bridge] What's your point! Too late, Captain. I'm not going to die with a hypospray in my hand. No! It's not going to happen. Captain? Hello? I'm waiting for that order [Bridge] But I can't wait much longer. Go ahead. Why couldn't you tell me that? [Bridge] If it was so top secret, then why'd you let us all come down to the surface? Let us spend the night? I understand. (sweating and shaking) Go ahead. [Bridge] You didn't shoot me last night, did you? Are they gone? The pollen? Then what about that speech you gave to the wall? A pretty good performance. Look, I know I kind of shot my mouth off last night. Challenge you preconceptions or they'll challenge you. That's something Mister Velik used to say. Tenth grade biology class. He was a Vulcan scientist (who came to teach us about life on other worlds. I'd never seen a Vulcan before, not up close. He scared the hell out of me.
Doc, isn't my time up yet? You said twenty minutes. [Sickbay] It's been at least an hour. I'm getting a little well-done in here. Doctor? (But Phlox is spark out on the floor.) [Decon chamber] Hello? (He tries the door, then uses the panel to short out the lock and leave. He discovers the unconscious crewmen in the corridors and turbolift. At the airlock, Ulis and Grish put a ramp over the door lip and wheel trolleys onto Enterprise/) [Sickbay] (Tucker finds Phlox, then hears voices approaching and hides.) You all right, Captain? From what I can tell, you and I are the only ones on the ship still standing. I would've tried to wake some of the others but there's nothing left in Sickbay to do it with. Who are they? They've cleaned out the armoury. Trust me, Captain, I've already checked. You're going to be fine. Just because a guy's in his underwear you think the worst. (Hoshi isn't waking up.) Doctor Phlox made me clear bio-scan after I got back from that lunar survey. While I was in decon, something knocked out the entire crew. Aliens are in control of the ship. You okay? Come on, we've got work to do. I can't wake anybody else up. This hypospray is empty. Let's go, unless you want to be sold into slavery. (In a crewman's quarters, Trip puts on a uniform overall, for modesty's sake.) [Sickbay] Wait. I'll show you the vault. Leave the women here, and I'll let you have the gold. I'm not letting them take my wife. No. Her name's Hoshi, and you're going to keep your filthy hands off her. Do we have a deal? You don't give a damn about this crew. All you care about is your precious gold. You're a greedy son of a bitch. What! You'll leave the women? Follow me. Bottom deck. You obviously didn't look in the right place. Not yet. We have a thousand conduits like that on this ship. This way. [Corridor] That's the beauty of this thing. It's impossible to find unless you know exactly where you're going. Keep your shirt on. It's close. [Jefferies tube] Watch your head. Relax. We're here. (The three aliens try to go through the hatch at the same time to see Trip working at the lock he installed earlier.) It's all yours. Better let me go in first. Knowing Captain Archer, he's probably rigged the place with booby traps. Just give me a few minutes to check it out. Sorry fellas, bank must be closed today. [Launch bay]
And the people running it are back on their homeworld, safe and sound. Doesn't seem fair. And use it to hijack their ship? I just need a second. Phlox? You were talking to him about me? Right. Well, I don't have the option of taking a break. The Captain needs this done fast. (T'Pol is working on modifying a biobed.) You might be the best there is at crunching numbers, but when it comes to actually sticking things together, you're a little out of your league. These work better when you strip off the duranite caps. Don't ask me why, they just do. You know, when I was on that ship with Malcolm I was convinced I was going to die. You ever been there? I'm not talking close scrapes. I mean when you're in a bad situation, and you know this is it, there's no way out, and you have time to think about it. What went through your mind? Just curious. {Corridor/Transporter alcove] (Enterprise has arrived at a blue planet with a ring system and at least two fair-sized moons.) How dangerous? There's got to be some way we can make it safer. I want to be the first one to try it out. Well, at least we'll find out if it causes brain damage. You're the ranking officer. Too risky. We could at least wait until the Captain gets back. Coffee, strong. [Corridor] (Walking back with his mug.) Hey. (He keeps walking.) I just don't want Enterprise to lose a good officer. My work's as good as it's ever been. As far as my feelings go, they're purely professional. [Aenar city] Whenever you're ready. Indicator's moving. Doc? I'll be damned. It's working. (T'Pol tenses and whimpers.) She okay? That's enough. Shut it down! (He takes the helmet off her.) It worked. She wants to try again. You think it's smart? She's going to hurt herself. I can't believe I'm getting this from you now. Has everyone on this ship gone crazy? Oh, I'm crazy? You're the last one that should be giving me a lecture. Vulcan neuro-pressure was your idea. What the hell am I going to do? She's good to go. (Jhamel is seated on the modified biobed.) A lot of movement. Fifty percent spike. ARCHER; Are you feeling all right? She's maxed it out. We could simulate a course correction. (The biobed sways from side to side, then she gasps.) There's no getting around it. I missed a ten degree variance in the telepresence emitter. But he can't be sure. Either way, I should have caught it. My mind wasn't on the job. Captain, I want a transfer. Columbia. They need experienced people. I think I can do some good over there. They need me more. I told you. I've said everything I want to. Captain, as a friend, I'm asking you let me do this. I can't. Thank you.
You've got thrusters. This power grid's a mess! It's going to take a few minutes. The power couplings have been removed. I don't know if I can bypass them. Stand by. I could use some help over here. (T'Pol runs over) When I tell you, shunt the plasma to the forward emitters. Just a few more seconds! (There's a jolt.) Stand by! Now. You better believe it. They're armed. (A salvo destroys the station.) Engineering's been stripped to the bulkheads. But the good news is, most of what they took was still sitting in my hangar deck. But I need time to figure out how to put it all back together. Two or three days. Sir, I'm not even sure what some of these systems are supposed to do. It's like I'm Chief Engineer on a steamship coming aboard the first interplanetary transport. (in Engineering red) What's the problem? Why are you bothering me with this? They're probably on the hangar deck. You'd better find them, because if this junction's not on line in ten minutes, I'm going to tell Archer you're the reason we don't have warp drive. (entering) There's no sign of the regulators. Without them, we can't initialise the reaction chamber. We're stuck at impulse. It's a power drain. Primary EPS relays. No. It's probably just a micro-fracture in the conduit. Do you really want to interrupt the Captain for that? I'll handle it. (to crewman) Take over. What the hell have you done? (They wrestle.) [Bridge]
I don't like pushing the engines this hard. The injectors are running at a hundred and ten percent. And my underwear is flame-retardant. That doesn't mean I'm going to light myself on fire to prove it. Class D? That's uninhabitable. Why are you fighting over it? Was there any evidence? That's not the same thing. By force. Unbelievable. I damn near burn up the warp reactor getting here, and they make us wait. (Soval and Muroc enter, with T'Pol.) Naturally. I don't like this. With all the interference, you won't be able to contact the ship if something goes wrong. Those Andorian ships'll be here in four hours. T'Pol said that Territorial Compromise they were talking about took eight years to work out. How would you know? We can't pick up anything through the interference. Where? We want to be involved in any rescue operation. I know. I once saw one of your commando units blast the hell out of a rebel compound during a rescue mission. You don't even know where they are. Do you really think it's a good idea to go down there guns blazing? Any luck? See what you can do. How far away are those Andorian ships? You have something? That's the Captain? At least we know he's alive. Where is he? What's the status on those Andorian ships? Put the ship on Tactical Alert. [Colony] (Shots are fired at them.) Range. Travis, lay in a new course. I want you to put us right between them. Put 'em both on. (Vulcan on the left of the viewscreen, That includes yours, Sub-commander. Don't. I'll open fire on any ship that makes an aggressive move. Phase-cannons? As long as my Captain is stuck in the middle of your war zone, it is. Don't count him out so fast. We've managed to isolate his bio-signature. Now, why don't you both give him and Ambassador Soval a chance to do their jobs before we start a war up here? [Colony] Arm the forward phase-cannons. See if you can target their weapons. Hold off, Malcolm. Put him through. Captain. What's going on down there? Are you okay? Did you say Shran's medics? Glad you let us know. Nothing we couldn't handle. I'll fill you in later. I'll send Travis down in Shuttlepod Two. Put us back into orbit, Travis, and cancel the tactical alert. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Ambassador Soval has begun talks with the Andorians. They've been difficult, but productive. [Conference room]
Maybe it's just me, but it seems like these Vulcan star charts take all the fun out of it. We're supposed to be explorers, aren't we? Where's the exploration in going places people have already been? Yeah. Are you saying those Vulcan star charts aren't all that accurate? If that's true, good luck getting them to admit it. Kolinahr? It's because Vulcans think we smell bad, isn't it? They don't even know we're coming? I thought Starfleet training was tough. [Outside the monastery] You say this is a place to purge emotions? Looks like somebody had to purge pretty bad. He bashed the door in. Oddly perched, huh. We'd better call Starfleet Command. (as the Elder returns) You call that agitated?  It'd take at least that long to clean the place up. You're thinking of the Blarney Stone, Captain, or when you pat the Buddha's belly. (Archer sees a blue face reflected in a polished bowl.) You ever been to San Francisco Zoo? Now there's something you should see. (The two men break through the partition and grab the eavesdropper, but the other three intruders appear with weapons.) Okay, okay. Don't get your antennas in a twist. [Large room] (Everyone say Hi! to Jeffrey Combs.) Hey! He's telling the truth. We came for a visit, that's all. Now these guys are agitated. What do they want with a three thousand year old temple? So what are you going to do, just sit here and let them ransack the place? No good deed goes unpunished. [Situation room] You'd think they could find whatever it is they're looking for with those antennas of theirs. Knowing him, a heavily armed landing party. I never met a busted radio I couldn't fix. Catacombs. For people without emotion, you sure have a flair for the dramatic. (He and the Vulcan enter the passage, carrying burning torches.) [Catacombs passageway] (Tucker is so busy peering into dark alcoves that he walks straight into a mummy propped against the passage wall.) Fellas. [Catacombs chamber] Looks like a krellide power cell. [Large room - night] (The Andorians do a quick head count and leave again. Tucker resumes work on the transmitter. The Elder offers a blanket.) No thanks. It'll just get in my way. Enterprise, this is Commander Tucker. Repeat, Enterprise, this is Commander Tucker. Guess you heard we kind of walked into a hostage situation. The whole place has been taken over by Andorians. That's them. They seem to think this place is some kind of a spy station. [Bridge] They're looking for a sensor array. The Captain says to sit tight. [Catacombs chamber] He doesn't want to provoke them any more than we already have. He also said to tell you we're working on a way out of here. [Bridge] The Captain came back from his last negotiation with a face full of bruises. [Bridge] We'll be in touch. I saw an old stairwell down there, maybe a metre wide. It was right about here. There were three dim lights coming from the top. It looked something like this. [Atrium] Hey! Can you hear me? Hello? Anybody out there? [Large room] Yes, sir. (He goes back into the passage.) Something sure smells.
That's impossible. Those transports can't exceed one point four. Buried in the ice for a century. Handsome devil. [Armoury] (Reed is studying the images of the aliens on a monitor.) They've modified most of the primary systems. Engines, hull plating. These look like weapons nodes. I don't even want to guess what this thing's for. One or two torpedoes ought to do it. I'll give it a shot. They doubled their top speed in less than twelve hours. They did a real number on these circuits. It could take days to get all this junk out. I don't know. But they almost overloaded the plasma regulators. Doesn't make a whole lot of sense. Why blow up the ship if you're still on it? Hand me that, will you? Too bad you didn't get a closer look. That kind of technology could come in handy. Tucker to the Bridge. These cybernetic circuits just lit up like a Christmas tree! [Bridge] (The lights flicker.)  It's going to be a few minutes. [Bridge]  Go ahead. [Bridge] I think I've isolated [Maintenance area]  One of the power relays. Stand by. [Arctic transport] (They shoot some more aliens.) Tucker to the Bridge. The alien circuits are losing power. [Bridge]  They're coming online now. (In a corridor, the four remaining aliens halt, and are beamed away in a swirl effect.) [Bridge]
You could go a little harder. Mmm, perfect. Try that neck thing. What'd you call it? Yeah, that one. Don't worry, I've been practicing my breathing. (She presses underneath his ears.) T'Pol. You know, I really need to talk to you about something. No. No, no, I mean, this feels great, and I really appreciate you taking the time. It's just, I'm not sure we should be doing it anymore. It has. People are talking. About us. About me coming to your quarters at night. They think there's more going on than neuro-pressure. It shouldn't, I know, but Malcolm and I were purging a clogged injector assembly only last week and he asked me why I didn't just massage it with my magic fingers. It doesn't bother you? I suppose not. Phlox would have a field day here. And expensive? I'm confident we can agree on a fair price. [Slave market] (The lady in charge speaks to the gazing audience while trailing her Captain, B'Rat and I have agreed on a price. I'll need to go back to the ship for his payment. On our planet, wars were fought over these. Careful. (B'rat opens a vial and sprinkles some powder on his upper nasal openings, then sneezes happily.) Black pepper. There's paprika, mustard seed. I'm partial to the cayenne myself. I'm sure you'll find these all very exotic. Then all we need is the recipe. Or? Tucker to Captain Archer. We're in business, sir. Enough to do some serious damage if we screw this up. It's only volatile in it's liquid form. Once we apply it to the inner hull and it sets, it's completely safe. The tricky part's cooking it up in the first place. What's the molecular pressure? Boy, this stuff is tricky. Decrease the theta bombardment by six, no, seven percent. Damn it. Kill the theta radiation altogether. A sustained burst of delta radiation might do the trick. I'm going to ramp the delta at eighty percent. You're welcome to leave. We're back to square one. I can't argue with that. I'll be fine. Tucker to the Bridge. Could you tell me where T'Pol is? Tucker to Security. [Corridor] I'll be fine. What happened to her? What kind of species is born with a suicide gland? Aye sir. (He leaves with the rifle.)
This can't be right. Did you run a diagnostic? Let's check those relays. (In Sickbay, the animals are restless. In the Mess hall, food is leaping up to the ceiling. A corridor floor flexes and knocks two crewmen over.) [Ready room] (Archer's desk ripples, the coffee cup leaps into the air and just floats there.) I don't get it, Captain. Half the plasma relays have reversed polarity. I'm trying, but it's not cooperating. [Bridge]  Now. (Controls are thrown, Enterprise goes into darkness and drops out of warp with the nacelles stuttering.) [Bridge]  We've got a hell of a mess down here, Captain. It's going to be a while before I can even figure out what just happened.  Let's try it again. Watch that intermix ratio. (The warp engine starts Could be better. Creating a stable warp field isn't easy when the laws of physics won't cooperate. The Cochrane Equation, it's not constant here. The problem's in the quantum variables. Every time I try to compensate, the spatial gradients get thrown out of whack. Either we get away from these anomalies or we're going to have to rewrite the book on warp theory, and I don't have to tell you how long it took Zefram Cochrane the first time around. Weapons should be up and running within an hour or two. You worried about something? Now where's Isaac Newton when you need him. (In his ready room, Archer snatches the still-suspended mug out of mid-air and slams it down on the desk. The coffee carries on floating.) [Bridge] (A different type of alien ship is approaching.) They made off with three photonic torpedoes, a case of plasma rifles, two dozen stun grenades, Chef says they cleaned out half of the food stores, Cargo Bay two's been stripped to the bulkheads, but that's not the worst of it. They took every one of our antimatter storage pods. All we've got left is what's in the main reactor. Tops. After that we're out of gas. [Ready room] I don't think I'll be taking home a Nobel prize anytime soon. No kidding. T'Pol's been trying to help, showing me how to stimulate my neural nodes. It's not what you think. How are the weapons coming? I doubt he'll be the last. Every species we run into seems to be gunning for us. We might as well paint a giant bulls-eye on the hull. All I'm saying is that this mission, whether it succeeds or not, is looking like a one-way ticket all the time. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. We've been tracking the Osaarians' ion trail for the past four hours. There's still no sign of them. [Bridge] I had a little accident, Doc. I was reinstalling the deuterium injectors. One of them must have had a little juice left in it. I could have sworn that injector was depolarised. I guess I'm getting a little punchy. I got a full hour last night. Well, we only had the one session. Haven't had a lot of free time lately. What do you mean? It doesn't make me uncomfortable. I just can't afford to spend an hour every night in T'Pol's quarters. Can you just give me another one of those injections? They put me out like a light. All right, what have you got? What am I supposed to do with them? Maybe an hour a night with T'Pol isn't so bad. [Ready room]
Captain! I don't believe it. How can you be We weren't exactly treated like royalty. We're okay. Wait a minute. You're coming with us. What happened after we beamed up? You make some kind of deal? Are we? We were in some huge building, like a factory. They're constructing something big. The Germans are helping him.  Hold it right there. Shut up. Drop the disguise, Silik, or I'll blow your ugly head off. (Archer turns slightly so Tucker can see the dead Silik.) Captain? You're alive? I can't believe it. Gotcha.
Really? Every school kid on Earth had to learn about the famous Vulcan expeditions. History was never my best subject. It took them what, nine years to get there? My grandfather remembered seeing their first transmissions when he was a kid. Asking favours of the Vulcans usually ends up carrying too high a price. Looks like a ghost town. We've got a [Situation room] Pretty good picture of those caverns, and we've picked up fifty two biosigns so far. All human. [Turbolift] Yes, sir. He's about ninety metres below the surface. Aye, sir. Twelve point six kilometres worth of tunnels. Looks like they even dug a few wells. The geology's a little shaky. Some of these passageways have collapsed. Not yet. Right here, sir. There are two people with him. He's too deep. A stun grenade would solve that problem. How deep? They spent all those years getting here, and for what? [Cavern] Captain. The debris cloud reached to about here, ten or twelve degrees north of the equator. You're down about eight metres. Looks like a couple of the abandoned tunnels gave way. [Shuttlepod] You're on the floor of a stable tunnel. You should be okay. Aye, sir. [Tunnel] (The hatch catches against the tunnel wall, but they can squeeze out.) Did more than that. Those people were a year or two away from extinction. We didn't just find them, we saved their lives. The Terra Nova puzzle, solved at last, as told by Ensign Travis Mayweather.
So, this covers everything? Everything? You know, food, drinks, souvenirs. I'll bring you a souvenir. (The two shuttlepods launch.) [Shuttlepod] Malcolm and I plan to broaden our cultural horizons. Well, how we choose to relax is our own business. You only have two days, Hoshi. If you want to waste your time talking to people. What about that one? What's wrong with her? I don't think she is the right pronoun, but if you think it's worth the risk. (He waves at whoever and points at Reed.) That's a she. To us, and to a well-earned two days and two nights. [Archer's balcony] (Reading by the light of two full moons, he goes inside to refresh his drink and dashes back out when he hears Porthos barking.  The hairless dog and Porthos are staring at each other and growling.) Well, the Vulcan database said no one leaves this club unhappy. That's what they say. Come on, seven years? I doubt even T'Pol could hold out that long. Malcolm, bearing one eight zero. Behind you. If you wanted to have a cultural dialogue you should have gone with Hoshi. Hello. I'm Trip. (to waitress) Another round, please. We're sort of new to the neighbourhood. (to Dee'Ahn) We only had a few hours of air, left so I jettisoned our engine and blew it up. Turned it into a rescue flare. Doesn't matter whose idea it was. It worked. I saved the captain's life. We rotate. He's captain next week. Maybe you could show us. [Club Cellar] I think there's been a misunderstanding. (The girls morph into butch looking aliens with bony ridged faces and big pointed ears.) I hope this isn't their mating ritual. Listen, I bet we could make some kind of a deal. (Alien 1 stuns them with his ray gun.) [Bridge] I don't know if it was those Risan mai-tais or getting shot, but my head's killing me. Great. Our shore leave's half over. Hey! We need some help down here! Hello? I don't plan on spending our entire trip tied up in a basement. They said it was very rare. It had some warnings, but I didn't think it'd be a problem. You think this is my fault. Gorgeous aliens. Don't forget, they were gorgeous. Not at first! I don't remember twisting your arm. It's not like I had a choice. We needed something to cut through those ropes. [Hoshi's room] (She wakes, rolls over and kisses her sleeping companion.) Fascinating culture, sir. What about you, Hoshi? Do anything constructive? Next time we take shore leave, instead of just sitting around reading books you should try to get out. Look for a little excitement, meet new people. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
He's going to start an interstellar war. Anything else? We are going back. We're just taking a small detour first. No. I'll save you a seat at my court-martial. Is there anything else? I'm trying to prevent a war, Malcolm. A war that Earth could get draw into. We're already involved. (doorbell) Come in. (Soval enters.) That'll be all, Lieutenant. Dismissed. (Reed leaves, after giving Soval a close glare.) I've been thinking. There's no guarantee the Imperial Guard's going to believe us. We've got no evidence your people are planning this attack. But there is one Andorian who might trust us. At least he does some of the time. Problem is, I have no idea how to find him. Good. Some of the crew are wondering if I'm doing the right thing. Can't say I blame them. I'm not so sure myself. That's what I keep telling myself. [Rock Tunnels] To who? Maybe your information's out of date. This is Commander Tucker of Enterprise. We've got some information you're going to want to hear. I wouldn't be here if I didn't. I suggest you do it fast. [Vulcan - daytime] (Another aircraft passes overhead, as Archer rests in what little shade there is.) What is it? Tucker to Soval. Ambassador, please respond. Internal sensors. Scan for his biosigns. Scan the Andorian ships. Go to Tactical Alert. Open a channel. This is Commander Tucker. We know Ambassador Soval's aboard your ship. I want to speak with him now. Target Shran's ship. Disable the engines. (One torpedo hits as the four ships fly into the fog.) It'll take a few hours. You have the Bridge. [Vulcan] (It must be night because Archer is carrying a flaming torch again.) See if you can get a lock on Soval. [Shran's ship] You've got a lot of nerve pretending you give a damn. He risked his life coming here, and you paid him back by scrambling his neurons. Now you believe him. What changed your mind? Hoshi? On screen. When will the rest of your fleet get here? Travis, put us between both fleets. If the Vulcans want to start a war, they're going to have to get through us first. In case you hadn't noticed they outnumber us two to one. I'm trying to buy us some time! [High Command] (They are watching the ship movements on the tabletop display.) This is Commander Tucker. Sorry to spoil your surprise, but the Andorians know what you're planning. [Bridge] I suggest you turn your ships around now. I can't do that. The Andorians helped us when Earth was under attack. We're just here to return the favour. [High Command] I've already sent word to Admiral Gardner. If Enterprise is destroyed, Starfleet's going to know who is responsible. (Vlas ends the transmission.) On us? Stand by phase-cannons. Don't fire until I give the order. (The Vulcans open fire, and the Andorians return it, accidentally hitting Enterprise.) Hard about! Get us out of their weapons range! See if you can get their attention. [High Command] Evasive starboard. Full impulse. Malcolm! Torpedoes! Where the hell is Shran? More or less. What's going on, Captain?
Yeah? (T'Pol enters.) TUCKER: She's a thing of beauty. A good engineer can see the differences. You coming to the mess hall later? My going away party? You think I'm doing this to advance my career? Well, for one thing, this is a new challenge. It took me a year to fine-tune Enterprise. I figure I can do the same for Captain Hernandez in half the time. She needs a Chief Engineer who's been out there, has the experience. Look, Starfleet's approved the transfer. This may come as a shock, but not everything in my life revolves around you. [San Francisco - Street] (Hoshi and Phlox are leaving a Chinese restaurant.) The dilithium matrix has got to be aligned within point three microns. Who do you think wrote those specs? Exactly. Some guy who's probably never been outside the solar system. I've spent the last three and a half years crawling inside one of these engines. I know what I'm talking about. Biggs, Pierce. (to a man and a petite woman) I want you to recalibrate the field stabilisers. Rivers and Strong, start with the injector assembly. This bucket of bolts was supposed to leave dry dock six months ago. I guarantee you, Columbia's going to warp out of orbit before the end of the week. Let's get to work. (Erika catches the end of that speech.) I'm sorry, ma'am. I wanted to see what the situation was like before we spoke. Commander Charles Tucker, reporting for duty. That's right. I think there's a good chance. Any news on Doctor Phlox? We'll be pulling triple shifts if we want to meet this new launch date. I'll be there. Ma'am? Aye, Captain. [Ready room] I don't know who's in charge of your Mess Hall, but he could give the chef on Enterprise a run for his money. Who? I've knocked a few heads together, but we're getting the job done. We'll be ready for warp trials by Thursday. Well, you've got a good memory, Captain. I was getting a little too comfortable on Enterprise. Got a lot of friends over there, but sometimes it's easier to work with people who are just colleagues. [T'Pol's meditation] (It is a white space, where T'Pol is sitting cross-legged when Tucker wanders over. She stands up.) I was about to ask you the same thing. Is this a daydream? Well, I would've thought you'd pick a more interesting place. Like the beach, or one of those Fire Plains you showed me. Exactly where am I supposed to go? This is my daydream. You go away. [Colombia Engineering] Yeah, I'm fine. Thanks. [T'Pol's quarters] (She opens her eyes, clearly not happy with her meditation.) Just a few more seconds. (turns off the comm.) I hope. Ensign? Nice work. Engineering to Bridge. We're ready whenever you are, Captain. [Colombia Bridge]
That's another game. Twenty one to two. Captain, have you seen the reports on this place? It's a hellhole. It's got electrical sandstorms. Geomagnetic instabilities so bad, technology won't work. So, no communicators, no scanners, no phase-pistols. We can't even beam you into it. You're going to have to walk in. I'm thinking we're not exactly cleared to have this. Right. Captain, what if something goes wrong down there? You say you found an anomaly. Sure. That's how you tell how old someone is from a cell sample. They used the DNA they sampled when she was registered as a baby. Captain Archer's gone after the wrong person. Doc, take a look at this. (They cross to another monitor.) It's the recording Malcolm recovered from the embassy. But look, the guard recognised whoever it was. And that guard is your patient. He could be our only chance to identify who really planted the bomb. I don't care about his body, Doc. We need what's in his mind. [The Forge - night] (The sehlat's cries keep Archer awake.) This man's our only witness. Look, I know Phlox says there aren't a lot of Vulcans who can do this sort of thing, but you've got to know someone who could at least try. What's that got to do with it? What evidence? The DNA on the bomb was planted. Ambassador, I don't know what kind of pull it takes to mess with DNA records on Vulcan, but I think we're looking at a deliberate attempt to hide the truth. Aren't they worth a little risk? Ambassador. What'd you see? [Cave] (The group share a meal.) The guard recognised the person who brought in the bomb we found in the rubble. You're not getting anywhere near him. We accessed his memories through a mind-meld. You can't go back. Then why turn yourself over to him? What if they're all in on it? (silence) If you really want humans and Vulcans to work together someday, you might start thinking about trusting us. SOVAL Peace and long life, Commander. (The airlock closes between them.) Right. [Cave] (Archer awakes to see T'Pol wiping his brow.)
These valve seals are shot. We'll have to synthesise some new ones. Give me about forty minutes. If you want, our resident boomer here can give you a tour. You missed the best part. The only warp five engine in the fleet. Once they get installed in the next generation of freighters it'll change a whole lot of things. Go ahead, Captain. Sir? What the hell's going on over there? Tucker to Captain Archer. [Cargo Module 8] Are you all right? Understood. Hail them. Polarise the hull plating. [Cargo Module 8] They're getting a little trigger-happy, sir. Stand by. Load starboard tubes three and four. Target their engines. Fire. (But the little blue streak doesn't get there in time.) [Cargo Module 8] Enterprise to Archer. We're okay, sir. We didn't take too much damage, but the Fortunate just went to warp. On our way. [Situation room] Anything? I don't know what's going on with that guy. I can understand taking on those pirates. I probably would have done the same thing. But firing on a Starfleet vessel? He's got a lot more than pirates to worry about now. Things are changing. Ryan's going to have to figure that out. Got it. Sensors are back online. [Ready room]
You said nothing from our universe could survive inside these things. How do you plan to shut down our neocortexes? I don't want to risk going to warp in there. Who knows what kind of effect this disturbance will have on our warp field. We'll be safer sticking to impulse. You'll have to keep us in comas for at least four days. You need to check this every two hours, minimum. If the impulse manifolds get clogged, the engines'll overload. That would be very bad. No offence, Doc, but under normal circumstances I wouldn't even let you in here without four years of Starfleet training under your belt. Listen. If something happens, something you can't handle, I want you to wake me up. If it comes down to saving the ship? Look, I'm making it easy for you. Okay? [Archer's quarters] What the hell are you doing? I told you not to mess with the warp engines. You'd better make time, Doc. I told you, you can't start the warp reactor inside this disturbance. That machine was designed to manipulate space, to violate the laws of motion. You make the tiniest mistake, you'll collapse the warp field, you'll crush this ship. You're going to screw this up, Phlox! You're going to kill everybody. A little woozy. Aye, aye, Doc. (Tucker leaves.)
There's no doubt about it, Captain. This isotope was used in the weapon that attacked Earth.  [Outside Gralik's home] Something else, Captain.  [Science lab] I ran a scan on that rifle we picked up. There it was again, the same quantum imprint. I'd like permission to take it apart.  [Outside Gralik's home] I can't imagine what the Captain wants this for. We ran the quantum analysis three times. Doesn't he trust us? My scans of this thing showed organic components, and I figured anything Is it alive? You got something? You said you had good news, Doc? You're trying to make it sick? If we rig up portable EM emitters we can knock out reptilian weapons before any of them get the chance to pull the trigger. It's still a place to start. Great work, Doc. Keep at it. I'll keep that in mind.  [Gralik's home] That's good, right there. That's four inches of solid duranium. If this thing can blast a hole through it then we're in even worse trouble than we thought. We don't have time to go looking for some deserted asteroid if that's what you mean. I've rigged up four of Malcolm's force field emitters. They'll contain any blast debris. That's the point. Those Xindi took out half of our security force when they came aboard. Now, if we don't start making some progress understanding their weapons, we won't stand a chance in hell of beating them when the time comes. Give us an hour.  [Refinery control room] (Degra is watching the workers when the Reptilian enters.) Ready, Doc? It won't fire. I don't understand. Looks like some kind of countdown. (T'Pol scans the weapon.) I can't shut it down. Damn thing's booby-trapped. It'll just grow back. (He runs out of the room with the weapon.)  [Transporter alcove] (Tucker knocks over a crewmen in the corridor, get to the bay and beams it into space just in time.) You were right. We probably should have found a nice, empty asteroid to test it on.  [Bridge]
What's the point of having three wives if you never get to see them? Ma'am. I'd love to, but I think I should make sure your equipment gets up to Sickbay in one piece. You bet. [Conference centre] If the reflectometer is supposed to amplify the neutron stream, shouldn't it be installed before the emitters? Oh, I've tried to read the instructions, and they are anything but clear. I don't want to brag, but I can take apart and put back together just about any piece of equipment I've ever met. It's one of the reasons Captain Archer picked me for this mission, because I'm really good at following instructions. But these are in Here. Which one? (She is right up close against him as she leans I think I'm getting the hang of it. Maybe if you explain the next few steps, I could try and get through some of this on my own. (He makes a little distance between them.) I try to be. Amazing. Look at that. Are those? First I reinitialise the neutron stream. This is a bitch. Oh, not you. The microscope. Did I do this right? Why is there no image? There you go. Why isn't it sharp? Why not? Are you kidding? They're showing The Black Cat. Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. Me? What's the rush? You haven't even finished your dinner. You've got plenty of time. (He is keeping an eye on Feezal's I'm getting a little paranoid here. You're not talking about me, are you? It's okay, Hoshi. No, not exactly. Look, I'm very flattered, but aren't you a married woman? I'm afraid I've got to go, too. Captain asked me to write a synopsis of tonight's movie. You probably wouldn't like it. It's very scary, and you've got to. You've got to be human to appreciate horror films. I'll see you in the morning. (Tucker leaves rapidly, and Feezal admires the sight of his departing figure.) [Gymnasium] (Reed is on a static bicycle.) She's at it again. Come on, Malcolm, this is serious. What if Phlox finds out? Of course not. Maybe I should tell the Doc. I've got to spend the next two days with her working on the microscope. I really think I should speak to Phlox. (interrupting) You got a minute, Doc? No, I'm fine. I just, er, I need to talk to you for a minute. Actually, I was kind of hoping to talk to you alone. See you, Travis. Malcolm said this was a bad idea, but I, I think it's the right thing to do. Feezal, I mean, Mrs. Phlox, is a lovely woman, and she's very smart. She knows more about quantum optics than anyone I've ever met. Remarkable, yeah, she sure is. Yeah, there is. You got to understand, I've been a perfect gentleman. Absolutely nothing's happened. She's trying to. She's, she's, er, making advances, if you know what I mean? I'm afraid so. No, no, no. Nothing like that. Sure. I mean, no, she's your wife. She's your wife? Why, of course it is. But I was brought up believing you don't play around with another man's wife. I don't think I'm ever going to change my mind about that. I think I've got it figured out. Just let me know when it starts acting up. Have you got the activation sequence down? Well, I've got to get back to my warp engine. The plasma's running a little hot. Pleasure meeting you. (Tucker leaves.)
Protein resequencer. Water purifier. (getting power back on) With that and their screwed up genes, it's no wonder they turned out the way they did. (Reed and the MACOs go exploring, while Archer finds some interesting equipment) Interfaces. They look a lot like the ones we have in our Sickbay. I'd say they took medical equipment with them. I'll see what I can find out. Tucker to Captain Archer. The missing equipment? They were incubators. [Sickbay] Artificial wombs. [Klingon ship - Malik's quarters] (Malik and Persis are in bed together.) Isn't that where he used to work? I thought Soong stole the embryos. That's why he took the incubators with him. You'll have it. [Denobulan ship] I've modulated the transporter frequency to match the station's containment field. If you register at all on their sensors, it'll look like a field echo. (at T'Pol's station) Sounds like what happens when a communicator goes down. They've been captured. We have to make sure. T'Pol? The station's still there. It's safe to say we're going to need another plan. That thing's buried inside an asteroid. Starboard nacelle. They fire, then move off. A few more like that, we're going to be a part of this asteroid field. They're launching a shuttle. Augments and one human.
What's going on? About what? Well, something's obviously up. What do you mean, attack? Did they say why? Excuse me, Captain. When you spoke to Admiral Forrest, did he say what part of Florida was hit? She may have been away. Architects take a lot of trips. (Archer finally turns around.) My baby sister. When we were in school I made sure all the boys in her class got a good look at me. None of them ever messed with her. Anything you can tell me about what the Admiral said? Why would someone do this? (The doorbell chimes.) Who the hell was he? What species? They say anything about what part of Florida was hit? The house was over there. Less then a kilometre. See over Someone would have heard from her if she wasn't. [Deleted scene - Hoshi's quarters] How long is it going to take to reconfigure the tubes? Let's go. [Corridor] For Lizzie? If you're talking about a funeral, it's kind of pointless when there's nothing left. My sister wasn't big on memorials. Why are you so obsessed with memorials? She's dead. So are seven million others. She was no more important than any of them. I'm getting real tired of you telling me what I can and can't do. And while we're at it, I don't need you to remind me that Elizabeth was killed, so just let it alone. Maybe you should pay more attention to upgrading your weapons, so you can blow the hell out of those bastards when we find them. [Forrest's office] (pouring himself a slug) How's Porthos holding up? If no people have returned from the Delphic Expanse, I doubt any dogs have. You picked a new science officer? You're gonna miss her, aren't you. She does kind of grow on you. Nah. To Henry Archer. I wonder what he would have thought if he knew his engine was gonna help save the human race. And now the stakes have gotten a lot bigger. Literally. I can't wait to get in there, Captain, and find the people who did this. And tell me we won't be tiptoeing around. None of that non-interference crap T'Pol's always shoving down our throats. Maybe its good thing she's leaving. Looks a hell of a hell of a lot closer than that. Not very helpful. (enters) We launched the communications buoy, sir. We got a test signal through to Starfleet. Probably the buoy.  I thought you said the Klingons wouldn't go into the Expanse. I wouldn't recommend that, Captain. The intake manifolds are having a tough enough time as it is. Maybe he'll turn around like his friends. We just lost three antimatter injections, Captain. Any more and we're in big trouble. Does it matter? He's chasing us. No, sir. We're good to go.
You okay? I thought Vulcans didn't get headaches. You notice anything strange about the way she's been acting? I think I pulled a muscle. (He indicates his left shoulder.) Pain's pretty bad. We've been running double shifts in Engineering. Captain's in hell of a rush to get to this damned Council. Oh, I have faith in the Captain, but not in the people he's trying to convince. Reasonable? I don't think many people back in my home town would go along with that. (Phlox gives an injection.) Thanks Doc. [Command centre] I'd breathe a whole lot easier if you had a couple of MACOs watching your back. Good luck. [Turbolift] (entering) You need me for something? It's in the cargo bay. Lucky me. Do me a favour. Don't try to get on my good side. You got that right. This way. [Inside the Sphere] (The away team are clambering through the structure at the middle of the Sphere.) I still can't pin down the problem with the converter. I think it's an energy drain somewhere. We're far from one hundred percent. (Degra enters with the humanoid Xindi.) Question. Those portable power cells you left us. We're having a little trouble getting them in synch. Think you can stick around for a few minutes, give us a hand? Listen, about all those things I've been saying. I just want to tell you I know you went out on a limb. It's over here. [Degra's quarters] It's weird. With things finally looking up you'd think I'd finally be able to get some shut-eye. There's a section of the mess hall up and running. In the mood for a snack? I guess you heard, the Captain pulled it off. The Xindi postponed the weapon launch. Ever since the attack on Earth, all I've thought about is getting back at whoever was responsible. I've gotten used to the anger. It's going to be like, I don't know, losing an old friend. Is it my imagination or are you losing weight? Yeah, I'm not the only one. Hoshi commented on it last week. What's your secret? Hold on, hold on. You have a worm inside you? How are you going to get it out? No, no, no, no, no. Never mind. I'm sure it is, Doc. I just don't want to lose my appetite. [Archer's quarters] (Archer and Porthos are woken by a comm. chime.) I can give you three point four with a little coaxing, but some of the relays are still fried. We're in no shape for combat. [Corridor] You sure they're coming after us? I can't believe I actually feel bad about Degra. Twenty four hours ago I would have been celebrating.
How about that, three stone-cold stars. Pretty exciting, huh? There is one other thing that might be worth swinging by to take a look. A Minshara class planet about four and a half light years away. (A blue green globe is put up on the monitor.) Only about five hundred million. If our scans are right, it looks like there's a whole civilisation down there. (Archer turns to T'Pol, the only one not grinning.) Pre-industrial? Looks like an old clipper ship. I cannot wait to get down there. Those are Vulcan protocols, not human. So what are you suggesting we do? I think you're right, Captain. These people don't even have indoor plumbing. My feet would be a lot happier in my own boots. T'Pol. (He gestures to her to cover her ear tips with the long wig. The pod lands outside the city at night.) [City street] (T'Pol takes scans while Hoshi watches their back. She catches a man watching them.) I've got it too. The reactor's about eight metres under this building. There could be a lot more people around then. It might be easier to get a look at this thing tonight. Not for long. (He produces a lock-pick.) Maybe you don't have to mention this part in your log? (Their actions are not going unobserved, then Archer spots a shadow.) Going as fast as I can. (They're in before the pedestrian can see them.) [Shop] (There are glass jugs, a long case clock, an assortment of stuff.) Back here. (As they go through curtains to the back of the building, the person who was watching them enters the shop - a woman.) The neutrino emissions are off the meter. It's got to be through here. (Archer reaches for the door handle, and a force field flares blue. The woman is startled.) It's some kind of magnetic barrier. I'll try. (The woman cocks a hand-crossbow and confronts them.) Nothing, honest. What about her? We can't just leave her here. There must be some kind of dampening field in place. If we can get one of these people to the ship, Doctor Phlox might be able to tell us what's wrong with them. These are interesting. Who's it supposed to be? We picked up the signature from your reactor. He could probably feed and clothe half the continent with it. Captain, let me come down there and take a crack at it. [Garos's shop] Belay that! Keep this ship right where it is. Billy, stand by to vent the nacelles on my order. We're not going anywhere. Anything? Transfer the coordinates. (He leaves. The ship is hit again.) This'd be a lot easier if you'd stop rocking the boat. I've almost got a lock. [Bridge] I've got a lock. [Bridge]
I can't believe they threw you out. Just because you helped us? SOVAL; I knew the risks. There's got to be some way you can fight this. SOVAL; I could protest, but it wouldn't accomplish anything. V'Las isn't one to change his mind. Who the hell put him in charge, anyway? What are you going to do now? We can't reach them and they can't reach us. Where the captain and T'Pol are headed. That should be enough time to slip through the net. Won't they wonder what caused the glitch? Mind if I ask you something? Why are you doing this? I never got the impression you cared that much about humans. Seems like you were always finding something new to complain about. You did a pretty good job of hiding it. Go ahead, Travis. [Launch bay] (It's more like a welding shop, with sparks flying everywhere.) [OC]: What about helm control? Just don't tell Malcolm about that part until you're underway. [T'Kareth Sanctuary - room] What can we do for you? He's indisposed at the moment. Can I help you? You have a suspect. If it's all the same to you, we'd like to stick around. [High Command] Excellency. With all respect, we aren't leaving. Not until we know exactly what happened. Son of a bitch hung up on us. Admiral Gardner followed the Vulcan line straight down the middle. He wants us out of here yesterday. I left that part out. There's not a whole lot he can do about it. [Launch bay] (the three walk in) Hell of a job, Travis. Just find them and bring them back. No sightseeing along the way. We've got a recon satellite to jam. [High Command] Travis, it's all yours. [Shuttlepod] (They're having a bumpy ride.) I guess six minutes wasn't enough. Why the hell did you fire on it? We're looking for our Captain. He's in the Forge, searching for the Syrrannites. We're not leaving without the Captain. Tactical Alert. Polarise hull plating. How many warning shots do Vulcans usually fire? We've been over this. Our Captain and First Officer are down there. You really think he'll do it? Phase-cannons, return fire. [T'Kareth Sanctuary] Re-route emergency power to phase-cannons. Put him through. Get us the hell out of here. [High Command] Injuries, two of them serious. They've been in tough jams before. What does the High Command have against the Syrrannites? They went to a lot of trouble to frame them for the embassy bombing. So they're pacifists. What do you mean? Wait, wait. Vulcan and Andoria signed a peace treaty two years ago. Captain Archer helped negotiate it. You don't believe it. He's going to start an interstellar war. Set a course for Andoria. Maximum warp. To Be Continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
