Captain Jonathan Archer, I regret we meet under such tragic circumstances. To that end, this is Stel, Chief Investigator of our Security Directorate. Even after eighteen hundred years, we consider him the most important Vulcan who ever lived. Captain, I trust you to keep this matter confidential. We don't share it lightly. But recently, on our world, there have been instances of violence against non-Vulcans. Though we have no conclusive proof, there are signs that Syrrannites might be responsible. If evidence is there, the Chief Investigator and I feel confident you'll find it. Perhaps I could speak with the guard. Yet he provided an eyewitness account. It's not evidence at all! You allowed this distasteful act to take place? Soval. You've shamed Vulcan and yourself. The law leaves me no recourse. You'll be summoned to appear before the High Command to account for your actions. Commander. Doctor. [Cave]
Before we announce our decision, is there anything you wish to say? Keeping secrets from us is in our best interest? They don't justify deception. I caution you. That assessment was correct. Our investigation of Stel has revealed he's a Syrrannite. Numerous documents were discovered in his home. The evidence is irrefutable. Syrrannites were responsible, and they'll be dealt with accordingly. Regarding the matter at hand, your position is terminated immediately. You're to surrender all classified materials to the Security Directorate before leaving. I remind you that your loyalty oath is still in effect. A violation of that oath Good. Is there anything else you'd like to say? We've pinpointed their location near the northeastern border of the Forge. It's based on data collected by search patrols. They've been conducting missions for several days. We're going to bombard the camp with photonic weapons. Our goal is to maintain order. They've already destroyed an embassy. It's very likely that Syrran himself is inside the compound. With one decisive thrust, we can cripple this insurgency, perhaps end it. We can't let an opportunity like this pass us by. The geomagnetic anomalies make a precision attack impossible. This is the only way. We'll begin preparations immediately. [T'Kareth Sanctuary - courtyard] We'd prefer you didn't. This is an internal matter. We'll keep Starfleet apprised if there are any subsequent developments. Again, you have my deepest sympathy for your loss. [Bridge] Keep monitoring them. We can't proceed with the operation while the Earth ship is there. Gardner gave them an order to leave. I heard the transmission. They wouldn't disobey an order without a reason. I intend to find out what it is. [T'Kareth Sanctuary - night] (Archer kneels for the ritual.) Syrrannites must have seen our ships by now. If they evacuate into the Forge, they'll be extremely hard to track. We can't wait any longer. Drive Enterprise from orbit. Use all necessary force. The moment Enterprise is beyond scanner range begin bombardment of the compound. Report. Blanket the area. (The Kir'Shara fellowship make their way out through collapsing tunnels onto a ridge above the main area, where they have a clear view of the destruction of historical site.) [High Command] Comb the desert. Make sure there are no survivors. We are eliminating a threat. [T'Kareth Sanctuary] (T'Pau dresses a wound on T'Pol's leg.)
The Andorians have deployed most of their fleet in defensive positions around Paan Mokar. They believe we're preparing to retake it. We've been using unmanned probes to generate false warp signatures in that system. It's possible that Andorian agents have penetrated the High Command. It's necessary to limit access to this information. Our forces are actually stationed here, preparing to launch an invasion of Andoria. We know they have the Xindi technology. You've all seen the data. We received this sensor telemetry two days ago. It was recorded by the Andorian ship that stole the Xindi prototype. (The desk screen shows a small moon being blasted to pieces by a weapon - the proving ground test from last season.) Our operatives tell us the prototype was taken back to Andoria, where it was disassembled. We have reason to believe the Imperial Guard plans to equip their vessels with similar weaponry. They didn't steal the prototype because they were merely curious. I'm certain of one thing. Sooner or later, the Andorians will make use of this technology. Is it logical for us to wait for that day? [The Forge - night] (The fellowship of the Kir'Shara are travelling through rocky formations that look like tunnels.) Was Syrran among them? Archer. The Kir'Shara never existed. It doesn't exist! You've been listening to Syrrannite propaganda. That will be all, Minister. (Kuvak storms off.) Sublieutenant, order Major Talok to find the remaining Syrrannites. We're dealing with radical insurgents. They're to be eradicated. Do I make myself clear? (the young officer nods and leaves) [Bridge] (Enterprise has arrived at a pretty blue nebula with stars in it.) Welcome home, Subcommander. Well, you may have joined Starfleet, but you're still Vulcan. And subject to our laws. There are few crimes still punishable by They won't arrive for several hours. Our forces are committed. We can't turn back. Leave the area immediately. [Bridge] If you side with the Andorians, you'll be fired upon. Order our ships to engage the enemy fleet. Sublieutenant. (The young man draws his weapon.) V@LASIf you attempt to interfere again, I'll have you arrested. [Bridge] Destroy them. [Bridge] Contact Security. This woman is an anarchist, Captain. Whatever she's told you isn't the truth. The evidence is conclusive. The Kir'Shara's a myth! (Archer presses the correct places on each of the three sides, and the Kir'Shara projects Surak's writings as a hologram around the room.) [Bridge] Holographic trickery. This proves nothing. No. You can't trust her! She'd do anything to spread her deviant beliefs. You've spent years trying to subvert me. (somewhat angry) They'd kill us all if they had the chance! It must be destroyed. (As he advances menacingly on the Kir'Shara, Kuvak shoots him.) You've failed. Decades of work have been lost. Archer should've been killed. What about me?
