Captain Archer? Thank you. (They shake. Archer gestures to her hold-all.) That's very thoughtful, Captain. The pleasure is mine, Commander. (They shakes hands.) T'nar jaral. But please, I've been anticipating the opportunity to practice my English. [Captain's mess] Fortunately my needs are few, Captain. I am curious, though. Who previously occupied the cabin? Actually, I was hoping to meet the crew member in order to thank her for allowing me to disrupt her routine. I prefer not to inconvenience anyone if possible. That philosophy has served me well in the diplomatic service. The Andorians required a somewhat firmer hand at the negotiating table. But I was younger then. That was before we even made contact with Earth. Commander Tucker, I understood that on your world it is considered bad manners to ask a lady her age. Forgive me, Commander. My attempt at humour. Suffice it to say that with T'Pol and myself here, you're almost certainly dining with the two oldest people on this ship. Of course I do. There is no defence. It's all right, Captain. A person in my position carries the trust of all Vulcans. The fact that the Mazarites believe that trust has been compromised justifies T'Pol's concern. I'm afraid my age is betraying me, Captain. Would you mind if I retired? I've never been to Earth, but I find the humans I have encountered quite unpredictable. I'd be interested in hearing about your experiences there. I understand. T'Pol. I sense your anger. They're our emotions as well. We simply hide them better. No. Disappointment. Obviously they weren't sent by the council on Mazar. I have no answers for you. There are diplomatic matters at stake here which do not concern you. To tell you any more would only put your ship and your crew at greater risk. I'm sorry, Captain. You're under strict orders to transport me to the Sh'Raan. Not at all. I was wondering why they were so sparsely decorated. I don't want to be waited on. And since I doubt I'll be travelling to Earth any time soon, I decided to spend a little time with my hosts. Thank you for the use of your quarters. You'll have them back soon enough. Pash tah. Have you tried iced tea? Captain Archer certainly does. It's flavoured with passion fruit. An appropriate ingredient for him, don't you think? He's a most intriguing man. Will you join me? Please. We'll be back at Mazar in a few hours. I'd prefer not to waste that time alone. This must be awkward for you, having a foot in two worlds. Loyal to your Captain, yet still a Vulcan. You believe Captain Archer can be trusted? Even though he clearly doesn't trust us? Why? We've kept many things from them, all for good reason. I would not have succeeded at my career for ninety four years without earning people's trust. Of course not. You were simply speaking your mind, as you always have. It was at Vulcana Regar, wasn't it? During the second Ka'Tann conference, you approached me during a recess. You were not easy to forget. Your questions about my negotiating tactics were quite presumptuous coming from one so young. Not at all. In fact, your bluntness made me reconsider some of my positions, much as it has now. T'Pol, I have something to tell you. [Archer's quarters] (Archer is sitting on his bed, playing with Porthos. Doorbell.) Captain, what's our situation? Will we reach the Sh'Raan before they can do any more damage? In that case, I need to speak with you. [Ready room] I have to consider the possibility that this mission will fail. I've been under orders to tell you only what you need to know, but that wasn't the only reason I kept things from you. I didn't trust you. As your Mister Tucker pointed out, I have been around a long time. I remember when news of your people first reached Vulcan. I was fascinated by humanity but worried as well. You had just emerged from a global war. The idea that you deemed yourselves ready to join the interstellar community seemed premature. The Mazarites pursuing us are criminals. They are members of an organisation that's infiltrated all levels of government, making themselves wealthy and powerful at the expense of many innocent victims. Their methods include eliminating anyone who stands in their way. Many Mazarites want their government purged of this corruption. They asked the Vulcan consulate to help them expose these criminals. I have been gathering evidence against them. In three months, I will be called to testify. It was decided that until then I would be safer on Vulcan. The investigation was considered too sensitive. It was hoped that if my reputation were sullied they would not consider me a credible witness, and they might not come after me. The corruption ran deeper than I thought. I can no longer put you and your crew in danger, Captain. Please drop out of warp. I plan to surrender myself to them. It's the most logical course of action. There's a diplomatic frequency we sometimes use. It's in a lower subspace band. I doubt the Mazarites are aware of it. (V'Lar goes to Hoshi's You've done your best, Captain, and I thank you for it, but it's time for me to turn myself over to them. Captain. Sickbay? I am sorry to disappoint you. I look forward to adding this incident to my testimony at your trial. Captain's starlog, February 9, 2152. The Vulcans have allowed the Mazarites to leave. Ambassador V'Lar says there's a good reason for doing so, though she's certainly not sharing it with me. [Docking hatch] (The hatch opens to show two Vulcans, who bow slightly to V'Lar.) Someday I'd like to walk into a room without it seeming like a state visit. (to the Vulcans) I'll be along in a moment. (They leave.) V'LAR: Thank you, Captain. I'm sorry for the trouble I've caused you and your crew. I sense a great bond between you. A bond of trust and respect, but also a bond of friendship. I think it bodes well for the future relations of our two peoples. (She holds out her hand for a shake.) (to T'Pol) Live long, and prosper. (T'Pol bows slightly and V'Lar leaves.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
