(a stocky man) Report. Then I suggest you double your efforts. This is enemy territory. We can't remain here any longer without (An alarm sounds.) Show me. (Enterprise appears on their viewscreen.) [Bridge] How much longer? Prepare to overload the core. If we can't repair the matrix in time, I'll do whatever is necessary to keep it away from Starfleet. [Romulan ship] Pursuit course. [Romulan ship] (The sudden turn throws Reed against some conduits, and his air hose comes undone.) The humans have seen too much. We can't allow them to escape. Find them! Captain's Starlog, supplemental. Our battle damage has been repaired, and we've resumed our search for the alien vessel. [Ready room] What is it? Another malfunction? Activate internal sensors. [Romulan ship] : Hold. Magnify that image. Humans. Are the inertial stabilisers offline? (to the helmeted pilot) Evasive manoeuvres. [Romulan ship] (Suddenly Trip and Malcolm are shot backwards to a bulkhead at the end of the access tube.)
Listen carefully, and you won't be harmed. That gives you seven minutes, Commander. Re-establish the warp matrix, or you will die. [Ready room] I can save you. (While Reed tries firing his phase pistol at the door, Tucker is pulling crystals from panels.) I'm still in control. There is nothing you can do to save your life [Control area] You're wrong, Commander. [Control area] You'll have died for nothing. Do your duty, Malcolm. [Control area]
Disconnect the pilot. (We see the blind, white-skinned Andorian.) Senator, you have a right It won't last. That would be a mistake. When this is over, you'll be First Consul. This isn't a failure. It's a setback. We have to deal with the humans. They are the ones that brought the Andorians and Tellarites together. The second Drone ship is armed and ready for battle. With two ships, I can deliver a devastating blow. We will hunt down Enterprise and destroy it. Captain's Starlog, supplemental. A transport ship is returning the Tellarite Ambassador to his homeworld, but Shran has offered to stay and help us track down the marauder. [Conference room] Assign every spare man to the repair crew. What about him? He'll have at least three days to rest. Then you'll have to increase the stimulants. If I didn't know you better, I would say you're more concerned with this creature's well-being than you are with this mission. Just keep him alive long enough to destroy the Earth ship. After that, his health is of little consequence. [Ready room] And the pilot? Will he be ready? Spoken like a soldier. We're all soldiers, Nijil, from the moment we're born. When we forget that we invite disaster. You know I was once a senator? Many years ago. Vrax and I were colleagues. I even considered him a friend. I made the mistake of challenging the precept of unlimited expansion. I asked the question. Is conquest truly the best course for our people? And I was expelled. I'm not trying to evoke your pity. I want you to learn from my experience. When I was led away from the Senate chamber, I vowed never to repeat my error and never to forget my purpose. Continue with your preparations. [Ice tunnels] {Shran spots a lot of bright holes in an arch over their path.) Launch the Drones. (Two ships dash off to warp.) [Andoria, ice tunnels] Target with the second Drone. Attack vector one seven seven. Follow my orders. Continue targeting their engines. Both Drones are coming to a stop. We're defenceless. [Bridge] Take all weapons offline. (grabbing Gareb) Stop this! Now. Resume your attack on the Earth ship. [Telepathic conversation] Senator, I assume I'm under arrest. So it seems I'll be serving with you again. Nijil, goodbye. Spoken like a soldier. (Vrax and Valdore are taken away.) Captain's Starlog, supplemental. There's been no sign of any other marauder ships. We're returning Shran and Jhamel to Andoria. [Ready room]
