You should have chosen a safer route, and you should have personally overseen the transfer. He was more than that. This communication device he was carrying. It's from the future. Double the security details at all the entrances to the compound. If they have located us, it won't be long before they strike. If the prisoner hadn't escaped, we might know the answer to that question. You know what I expect of you. The weapon fires a modulating plasma pulse equivalent to the energy produced by three eighty eight millimetre shells. Each pulse can destroy a tank. I can't give you a specific timetable. There are still some problems to be addressed. Portability. The weapons require considerable power. In my century, there are energy cells the size of a coin. In this century, it's somewhat more difficult. (hands over a folder) Requisition forms. I require additional supplies. We are inside the home of a former American President. It seems to me your war effort is going well enough. All the more reason to accede to my request. The weapons I'm preparing will make you immune from any counterattack, anywhere in the world, and I'm not just referring to plasma rifles. Imagine a plague targeting non-Aryans. No need for extermination camps. Just a few grams of a pathogen introduced into the water supply. There's far too much at stake for us to argue. We have far too much in common. We both embrace the ideals of purity and perfection, and we both face enemies that would destroy us. Now is not the time to end an association that is vital to our mutual survival. Then I'll expect delivery by the end of the week. [Sickbay] (Daniels is on oxygen and an array of drips, while his innards are on the main display.) We're picking up scans from a ship in orbit. It's from the same time period as the device we found on the escaped prisoner. This resistance member you're interrogating. Bring him to me. [Alicia's apartment] (It's dinner time. Archer has changed out of his uniform into normal clothes for the period.) You won't stop us. When we get back, you'll never have existed. (Sal shoots him dead.) [Crashed shuttlepod] Leave your weapons on the ground and stand up slowly. (Archer and Your colleague has managed to evade us. I assure you, whatever I want to know, you'll tell me gratefully. (to the soldiers) I'll be supervising another test. Notify me when they're ready for questioning. (Travis and Tucker are dragged out again, and Vosk goes to supervise his enormous conduit.) To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® is copyright of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only.
I assume you're taking the necessary steps. (He sees the document in the General's hands.) What is that? You've been spying on us. I suppose I would've done the same. Tell your Fuhrer he'll receive the squadron when I deem it ready for deployment. With all due respect, your intelligence is flawed. And I am tired of your threats. We take that oath seriously. You've made certain promises to me as well. General, you might consider what would happen if my weapons were to fall into the hands of the Allies. Imagine Berlin obliterated by plasma cannons. You are a fool. You think we're equals because I allow you to participate in this struggle. You fight to control nations. We dominate entire worlds. We extend our will across time. If your race were to endure for a million years, you couldn't begin to approach what we've accomplished. The next time you feel the urge to threaten me, remember Begin the test sequence. I've arrived at the same conclusion. Their technology suggests they're from a period too early for time travel. Still, I refuse to believe their presence here is an accident. (The conduit activates, but it isn't stable and goes bang.) Run a complete systems scan. Isolate the fault. Our time is running out. The Germans are becoming impatient. I don't trust these people. I never have. I'm not about to furnish them with weapons that could be used against us. Return the prisoners to their holding cell. See that they get medical attention. Go. [Cell] (Tucker and Travis are dropped onto the floor by the guards.) Bring the doctor immediately. (The Germans clear the room, Tucker rolls over and thinks he sees a figure crawling across the ceiling and then falling onto him.) [Ready room] Your voice sounds familiar, Captain. Have we met? [Bridge] I believe I have two of your men. I think it would be mutually beneficial to discuss this face to face. [Bridge] I was thinking of a more neutral location. There's a remote area outside the city. [Bridge] You have scanners. [Nazi Weapons Facility] Examine the area before coming down. I'll have three men with me. And your crewmen. [Bridge] The situation has changed. [Nazi Weapons Facility] I'm sending you the coordinates. If you're interested, meet me in one hour. [Bridge] It's good to see you again, Captain. I apologise for the aggressiveness of our questioning. We were operating under a false impression. You have your men, Captain. Now it's your turn to reciprocate. I wish to discuss something with you. A species with your level of technology doesn't possess the capability for time travel. As I suspected. What do you know about me? I see I was both right and wrong about you. You're not a temporal agent. But you're here to do their bidding. You've only heard one side of the story, Captain. The temporal agents who sent you here are a tyrannical sect imposing their will on countless cultures throughout history. They enforce the Temporal Accords, preserve the time line. They manipulate the time line to serve their own needs. If you've ever dealt with them, then you know they do much more than watch history unfold. They interfere with events. They have an agenda. At least I don't hide my intentions. It's true, I don't agree with the Temporal Accords. I believe that time travel is a technology no different than your warp drive, to be utilized for the benefit of all species. Societies, cultures can be improved through careful manipulation of historical events. I won't be drawn into a philosophical discussion. There's one simple reason why you should help me, Captain. I can send you back to your century. Once I've defeated the temporal agents, I'll reverse the damage done to your timeline. Your history will return to the way it was. I'm severely limited by twentieth century Earth technology. The resources aboard your ship will greatly accelerate my task. Go back. Reunite with your crewmen, and consider what I have said. [Sickbay] (into communicator) A large amount of data has been stolen from our computer system, Captain. [Bridge] We found trace amounts of bioresidue. The thief is from your time period. We've encountered his faction before. I want to speak with him. And I suppose you aren't examining the technology he stole from us. [Bridge] And I reserve the right to destroy you. [Bridge] I have a plasma-cannon aimed at your ship, Captain. I want an answer to my proposal. [Bridge] We'll complete our objective with the resources at hand. Resume your work. [Bridge] Weapons of this complexity require extensive training to operate. Six hours. The planes must be readied for transport. We're leaving tonight. Begin preparations. Human leaders often speak of destiny. The conduit will hold. (In his little room, Trip clambers up the pipes to smash the light bulb, then uses the shards of glass to cut the ropes around his wrists.) [Street - night] (Silik has a human face now.) Our greatest scientist once said, Every moment we live, we are moving through time. We've earned the right to chose which direction. The mastery of time has allowed us to perfect ourselves. To reach our full potential as a people and to vanquish those who oppose us. There's just one last enemy to deal with. Soon, history will belong to us. We will stretch out our hands and mold it according to our will. Not even the gods of our ancestors could have imagined such power. My brothers, we are going home. (The alien scientists give a Nazi-style salute.) [outside the Nazi Weapons Facility] (The soldiers on guard have their night wrecked by a car crashing through the gates and people shooting at them, and throwing grenades.) A fortuitous development. Let the Germans deal with them. Continue with the preparations. (Meanwhile, in a corridor -) Activate the plasma weapon. Then deploy the squadron. Destroy them. Execute my order. I'm sorry, General, but I'm afraid I have to end our alliance. (He administers the coup de grace.) [Nazi Weapons Facility] Destiny. [Bridge] No! [Timeline flux] (Archer is surrounded by disjointed images disappearing and appearing - pyramids, Easter Island, American Civil War soldiers, Stonehenge.)
