Live long and prosper. (Zephram tries to mimic his salute, then (in close up) we see his hand go into his coat and pull out a big gun with which he shoots the Vulcan dead. This is a cue for the rest of the group.)
Captain Archer, are you in any danger? Tell the Mazarites to turn their weapons over immediately or we'll destroy their ships. (T'Pol takes the guns) We'll be standing by, Captain.
Sub-Commander? Did I wake you? We've located Menos. Less than three days from your present location. Yes. [Ready room]
The warp field won't hold. Your engine design is obviously unsound. (Tucker comes down some steps.) That's precisely the point. Your programme is moving too quickly. Those bugs just scattered your ship across five thousand kilometres of space, and nearly killed your pilot. No one is suggesting that your warp programme be dismantled, only that Starfleet proceed with more restraint. That's not you decision to make.
Our two species are from neighbouring systems. We've been in conflict for many years. Typically, they make a great display of their indignance. When they find nothing, they leave. You've endangered us all. In the catacombs. Master Haadok, one of the founders of P'Jem. The transmitter is this way. The reliquary. Our most sacred artefacts are kept there. This is the transmitter. No one's entered it in years. I'm going with you. We must protect what is ours. [Catacombs] It leads to the reliquary. Only members of the high order are allowed to go inside. I can't permit it, Captain. I'll disarm them myself. Place your weapons on the ground. I will kill him if necessary. Give that to me. (Archer turns quickly and knocks him out.)
We're being hailed by the Starfleet ship. The Earth vessel's opened fire on one of our ships.
Doctor Oratt isn't available. Perhaps I can help you? You're going to have to leave. I told him you were busy.
Enterprise hasn't left orbit. They're maintaining a stationary position above the Forge. Yes, Excellency. Yes, Excellency. [Bridge] (Enterprise comes under direct attack.) Yes, Excellency. [Tunnels] (Archer leads the way with a flaming torch, and they come across mummies propped against the walls.) Geomagnetic interference. We can't get a target lock. The sanctuary has been destroyed. Affirmative.
