I must be more diligent about routine maintenance. I'm sorry to inconvenience you something this trivial. Be sure to thank Mister Tucker for his time. Oh, your crew is very thorough. Do you answer every distress call you pick up? The galaxy could use more people like you. [Shuttlepod bay] Tomorrow you'll join me in my home. Bring Commander Tucker. I'll prepare a meal in your honour. It's the least I can do to show my gratitude. That can wait one more day, can't it? There's going to be a Geskana match. I doubt you've ever seen anything like it. Yes. You might want to participate, assuming you enjoy competition. I should warn you, Captain, I am easily offended. Dress for warm weather. (A little later, Zobral leaves in his repaired shuttle.) [Engineering] Welcome. Yes, of course, of course. This is the man who repaired my ship. A brilliant engineer. Oh, you are far too modest. Well, I hope you're hungry. I've prepared quite a feast. [Zobral's house] (Eating dinner sitting cross-legged at a hourglass shaped low wooden table.) Are there many deserts on your world? Oh well, we have a handful of lakes and small seas. What about Earth? Extraordinary. More wine? Yalasat. It's made from a cactus that grows in the northern foothills. How was your roast teracaq? It must be difficult adjusting to new cultures. Did you ever think of turning back? Sounds like you've had an eventful journey. Well, perhaps your visit here will be one of them. (more dishes are brought in) Oh, you're going to enjoy this. Blood soup. I don't usually eat this well but I promised your Captain an exceptional meal. The essence of the male, chopped, and seasoned. (The pair are polite but wary as they taste.) Thank you. Which do you prefer? It's yours. Please. Consider it a gift. Something smaller then. (Zobral picks up a figurine.) ZOBRAL: I know you will appreciate this. A Suliban made it. A Suliban I met several years ago. Interesting people, don't you agree? The Geskana match is about to begin. I'm hoping you will honour us by participating. You will be glad you did. Geskana requires a great deal of strength. [Encampment] (Geskana is a form of lacrosse, with the goal being a hole in a doughnut. Instead of a net in the racket, it's a carved bowl, the ball is luminous blue and disintegrates as it passes through the goal forcefield. Zobral scores.) Think you're ready? This is an ideal game for men like you. So close. Take your time. (He walks away and speaks to the other players.) ZOBRAL: Catch your breath. [Bridge] I hope everything is all right. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. You must have other people that can correct this problem. As I said, Captain, I am easily offended. (suddenly very angry) You should not believe the Torothans. I have just been informed that we picked up a lengthy transmission between your vessel and Chancellor Trellit. Whatever he told your Science Officer it is not true. I wanted this to wait till later, but I beg you, let me explain the real reason why I asked you here. You have a reputation for being fair, a man of great integrity. When you hear what I have to say, I am certain you will want to help us. [Zobral's House] When the caste system was finally abolished, we were led to believe that everyone would be treated equally. I remember the celebrations. Yrotts being burned in the streets. People saying that we had finally been granted our rights. The Torothan Clan signed the accord, but they never abided by it. They still control the government, the lands, the resources, everything. We spent ten years staging protests, appealing to the courts, until finally we realised there was only one way to get their attention. We have hundreds of camps just like this one all across the desert, and we are going to keep attacking the Torothans until our voices are heard. They call us terrorists, but the truth is they have been terrorising us for centuries. The Torothans have ten times as many soldiers as we do. We won't last much longer without your help. They said you would be humble. I scanned your vessel. You have an arsenal of powerful weapons, but more importantly, I need your wisdom. Our current strategy isn't working, but I am confident that together we can find one that does. I would be honoured to fight alongside you, as would all of my men. (There is a big bang outside.) Torothan cruisers. Usually they begin their bombardment after dark. They're getting started early today. (Weapons are taken from a rack.) What about the Suliban? You liberated a detention camp, freed thousands of prisoners. A Suliban transport captain. He told me of an explorer who was also a great warrior. A man who helped them defeat an entire army. Captain Jonathan Archer. Prepare my ship. This won't last more than a few hours. We'll continue this discussion later. (Zobral throws a rug aside and opens up a cellar trapdoor.) ZOBRAL You'll be safe here. Oh, your shuttle's thrusters would draw their attention. You'd become an easy target. Please. I wouldn't be a very good host if I allowed you to get killed. (They go into the cellar.) [Bridge] Open your launch doors, quickly. No, no. I'll explain once I'm aboard. If I'm not in your docking bay in the next thirty seconds, I'll be detected. They'll destroy my ship. How many? And the army you defeated? What about his legendary desert tactics? All this for nothing. You have far better sensors than we do. I'm sure you'll find them. There was a narrow gap in their orbital detection grid. It occurs once every forty six minutes, but it is only open for less than one minute. Ha! You'll need more than that. The manoeuvres are extremely difficult. It took us years to learn them. You will be shot down before you reach the atmosphere. I don't have time. My men are waiting for me. They are not my responsibility! Take another pass over the eastern basin. No, there's magnetic deposits below that basin. They could be masking their biosigns. We would also risk being detected. [Desert - ruins] (Trip is given some more water, but he's barely conscious.) A Torothan mortar. We don't have any near there. My launch window opens in nine minutes. I should be going. I hope Commander Tucker is going to be all right. Captain. Sub-Commander. (Zubral goes to his shuttle.) [Corridor]
