(next to Trip) It's a penal colony. There's a processing station in orbit. You'll be tried, sentenced, and sent down to the surface. We're all guilty as far as they're concerned. Why did they take you? I wouldn't want to be accused of smuggling. They'll probably make an example of you.  [Bridge] You should be careful with the Nausicaans. Nasty tempers. What were you smuggling? Latinum, Enolian spice wine? Captain of a starship? Interesting. I should have tried that when they took me. It might have helped. Captain Zoumas.  [Situation room] I'm sure we're all grateful for your courageous effort, but we've been in these restraints for three days. Couldn't you Have you ever tried Tojal? There's nothing like it, but you have to eat it before it cools, otherwise it'll congeal. It's the first thing I'm going to have when we're off this ship. Where do you think they're taking us? I'll just wait and see. The Enolians won't stop looking for us. We'll be fugitives. I was thinking of having my face reconfigured. There's a surgeon on Burala Prime who can do it. He could help you as well. Have you ever been to Burala Prime? If you ever go, avoid the polar islands. The people are friendly, but the cold is unbearable. Nothing but ice and glaciers. I was stranded there for three months when some colleagues of mine decided to leave without me. The day I got lost, that was the worst. Fourteen hours. It took me fourteen hours to find my way back to the outpost. I lost three toes to frostbite. I've walked with a slight limp ever since, not that you'd notice. I'm going to get that surgeon to do some work on my foot as well. Maybe he can replace the missing toes. What's happening? Shouldn't we be getting to the escape pods? Let us go! I don't want to die tied up like an animal! (The Nausicaan gives him a punishment zap.) How much? That was nice. It reminds me of the time I was on Once you get past the texture, they really don't taste that bad. The fun part is keeping them in your mouth. They jump around until you crunch down on them. Is something wrong? Well, what makes you think I want to hear your stories? I didn't realise I was being so annoying. We seemed to be getting along so well. I just thought it might be nice to have a pleasant conversation before I spend the next ten years in a penal colony. They said they were going to let us go! You're going to get us sent to Canamar. Watch out! (Kuroda shoots Tucker and returns to the Bridge, gun in hand.)  [Prison transport Bridge] You should thank me. He's with them, repairing the docking hatch. They said there's a shuttle coming for us. I'm sorry I had to intervene, but you didn't give me much choice. You're lucky they didn't kill you. Kuroda was furious, but everything's fine now. They're going to set us free. You're welcome. (The ship rocks,) Who are these people? (Archer hands a device to Reed.)
