I'm following the trail. Moving toward corridor two H. Yeah, I figured as much. [Conduit] It might be feeding off our power. I'll come home tonight and she'll ask me how [Conduit] Our plan seems to be working, Commander. He's following my trail of energy crumbs directly toward you. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. (The energy stops coursing through the creature and it turns back into Odo, who collapses. Bashir runs an instrument over him.)
Runabout Yukon, prepare for departure. Runabouts Rio Grande and Volga stand by. Good luck, Yukon. [Ops]
Go ahead. [Engine room] Will do.
O'Brien to Science Lab. Are you ready? You'll see. First put on those goggles that are on the counter in front of you. Now take a step back away from the melon. A little further. I've only done this a couple of times. Good. (Bang! And the melon breaks. O'Brien enters with a rifle and eyepiece.)
Go ahead, Constable.
What do you want to do? Rush out and get us all killed?
Didn't beam this fellow out when I wasn't looking, did you? Well, he's not in here.
Go ahead Commander. Right away, sir. Rio Grande to Sisko. Do you read me? This is O'Brien, come in. Not quite yet, Commander. [Runabout Rio Grande] Yeah, we figured as much. Acknowledged. Rio Grande out. Rio Grande out. Rio Grande to Sisko. Stand by for transport. Establishing pattern lock. Energising. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
O'Brien to Bashir. You wanted to know when a certain transport was leaving. There is one problem, though. We've got some passengers that are refusing to board unless you come see them. [Cargo bay]
O'Brien to Sisko.
But we're still talking.
I'm not entirely sure. [Security office] I mean, Neela may have disabled them.
O'Brien. Miles O'Brien. We served together on the Rutledge. [Runabout] Request access. weapons locker four. Miles O'Brien, security level one.
Yeah? I'm on my way.
It's not a game! Where are you, Garak? You and me. Face to face.
O'Brien to Sisko. We've swept all of level seventeen. No sign of the changeling. Aye, Major. [Guest bedroom] (A chair cover morphs into a bird and flies off down the corridor.) Captain, General Martok is here to see you.
An Ensign and a Lieutenant. Doctor Bashir is checking them now. [Cavern] (Dukat spots Sisko's fork sticking out from under the blanket. He picks it up.)
I need you in my quarters on the double. I'll have the subspace scanners programmed in less than an hour. Ten seconds.
We were all stunned. [Wardroom]
We're at the corner of Polk and California.
Julian. [Conduit]
O'Brien here. From the plasma discharges. It shouldn't take too long. [Corridor]
Aye, sir.
Aye, sir. [Engine room] Why not. Twenty minutes. O'Brien to Bridge. One of the atmospheric probes is armed and standing by. We'll have the second one ready in a few minutes.
Commander, your son's here to see you. Mekong to Rio Grande. Jake, come to a full stop. I'll beam aboard. (O'Brien beams in) Rio Grande to Odyssey. [Odyssey Bridge] We've got Sisko.
Captain [Transporter bay]
I am innocent! I've never seen this woman before in my life.
O'Brien to Commander Sisko. Sir, the Enterprise hailed us again. Captain Picard is waiting to see you.
Where's the sunscreen?
O'Brien to Sisko. Aye, sir. Aye, sir. Energy readings from the containment field are holding.
Security to the Promenade on the double. O'Brien to Sisko. We've got a crowd, more like a mob, outside Odo's office. [Promenade]
Captain, sensors show [Bridge]
Just another couple of minutes. [Defiant Launch bay] Standing by, sir. Aye, Captain. [Transporter bay]
This is O'Brien. I need a security team in the engine room immediately. [Engine room] (Dax is out cold and Bashir is examining her.) O'Brien here. How about this? [Engine room] Forcefields too. O'Brien to Bridge. I've restored [Engine room] Captain.
Aye, Commander. Setting course for the wormhole. [Klingon restaurant]
O'Brien to Sisko. I think you and Odo had better join me in the habitat ring. Level thirteen, section four. There's something you should see.
What is it, Quark? (Quark is talking to another O'Brien outside his cafe.)
It had to be the first morning after I got back to the station. (He reaches for Keiko but she's not there.) [O'Brien's quarters] (Keiko and Molly are having breakfast.) I mean, the way they were acting, they might've been trying to pull off one of those surprise parties that I can't stand, only my birthday's not until September, and believe me, as it turned out, I had nothing else to celebrate. Sisko was telling the truth about one thing. The upper pylons had failed again. It didn't make any sense, because the new pressure locks I'd installed seemed to be working just fine, so it had to be an entirely new problem. I realised it wasn't going to be a quick matter to track it down after all. And I couldn't help thinking how this was going to keep me occupied while the security arrangements for the Paradas were underway. [Corridor] I worked on the pylon controls the better part of the day. Needle in a haystack wouldn't do this job justice. When I finally found the crack in the RF power conduit, I couldn't imagine how it could've occurred so deep in the system, unless someone had broken it deliberately. [O'Brien's quarters] I don't know if there was anything wrong with the stew or not. When I went back later to check, she'd already put it into the disposal. But all I could think of, as I looked at her, was that this was not my Keiko. [Runabout] But all I could think of, as I looked at her, was that this was not my Keiko. I waited for Keiko, or whoever she was, to go to bed and I started my search. I had no idea what I was looking for. Something odd, something not quite normal, anything to explain what might be going on. There were several traps laid into the computer subroutine, no doubt to let someone know if I'd penetrated their security lockout. I wasn't fooled for a minute and released the protected files without any problem. [O'Brien's quarters] What I found in those hidden logs didn't answer all my questions, but it sure as hell confirmed what I'd been afraid of. They were analysing and reanalysing everything I had put into my report about Paradan security. They'd even broken into my personal logs to see what they could find in there. I hope they enjoyed reading the sexy letters to my wife. There were several entries by Sisko about secured messages from the Parada system but no indication what those messages were about. Maybe they were afraid I'd get into their files even with the security lockout. Smart people. [Airlock] (A transport has arrived) I felt better than I had for a long time. I finally had an ally. Now, all I had to do was wait. I like to think I'm a man with many talents, but waiting isn't one of them. I had to cover my bets, prepare myself for whatever might happen next. I still had a few tricks up my sleeve. (He puts together a little device) [Quark's cafe] It seemed almost unbelievable to me. Had someone or something started to infiltrate all of Starfleet?
Aye, sir. O'Brien to Bridge. I've got them.
I've got eighty three empty canisters standing by, and one not so empty. [Jem'Hadar cargo bay] Detonator set.
Mekong here. [Runabout Mekong] Commander, I'm picking up two Federation ships headed our way. We're losing tractor lock. Right. [Runabout Mekong] Yes, sir. [Commander's office]
O'Brien to Sisko. Commander [Ops]
O'Brien to Captain Sisko. Sir, I've just received word that Kai Winn is on her way to the station. She should arrive in less than two hours.
Ops to Sisko. You've got an incoming [Ops]
