I am the Emissary. (After the credits) I was headed back to Bajor. My lightship was caught in an ion storm. It nearly tore it apart. A girder came loose from the bulkhead and impaled me through the shoulder here. I remember thinking I was going to die, alone in space, when a strange opening appeared in the sky. I was terrified at first, and then I realised what was happening. The Prophets were opening the gates of the Celestial Temple and drawing me to them. It's difficult to describe. They took the form of people that I know, my grandfather, my brother, so that they could communicate with me. I didn't have to. I could sense their understanding, their grace. I've never felt such bliss. And then they healed me. A light washed over me and then my wound was gone. They gave me back my life. I felt reborn. Oh, it couldn't have been more than a few days ago. Ninety one seventy four. Two hundred years? My wife, my parents, they're gone. Akorem. Akorem Laan. But I have no descendants. My brother died last winter and my wife and I never had children. I'm a poet, yes. You know my work? People still read my work after all this time? Perhaps that's part of the Prophets' plan for me. It's not clear to me yet why they made me their Emissary, but I know that they gave me back my life for a reason. Major Kira? But your family would be part of the artist D'jarra. You no longer follow your D'jarras? The Cardassians occupied Bajor? It seems you're right, Captain. A great deal has happened since I've been gone. [Captain's office] Ever since the Prophets returned me to my people, I've asked myself the same questions over and over again. Why did they keep me with them for so long? Why did they return me to my [Captain' office] AKOREM [on monitor} People now? I now know the answers. Bajor suffered a great wound while I was with the Prophets. The Cardassian occupation. The Bajor I have returned to has lost its way. People no longer follow the path the Prophets have laid out for them. They no longer follow their D'jarras. Artists have become soldiers. Priests have become merchants. Farmers have become politicians. [Promenade] We must heal the wounds of the occupation. We must return to our D'jarras. We must reclaim what we were and follow the path the Prophets have laid out for us. It is their will that the farmers return to their land, painters to their canvasses, priests to their temples. If we do this, if we follow our D'jarras, then Bajor will flourish again and become the green and peaceful land I remember. It will be as if the occupation never happened. By returning to our D'jarras, we will have erased it forever. (He gets polite applause, but there are many unhappy faces, including Kira and Sisko.) [Wardroom] Of course. It's what the Prophets want for Bajor. It's why they sent me. Absolutely. No, of course not. But, frankly, by the next election, I doubt very many people will left on Bajor who would elect a farmer to political office. Society will have appropriate remedies at it's disposal, such as deportation. Kai Winn and I have already discussed it. We're willing to make that sacrifice in order to follow the will of the Prophets. Your pagh is strong. I see now why Kai Opaka believed you were the Emissary, and why Winn fears you. Goodbye, Captain. I regret what happened here today as much as you do, but change is never easy, and the road that the Prophets have asked us to walk won't always be a smooth one. Must I remind you, Captain? I am merely fulfilling the will of the Prophets. I'm the Emissary. But you did, and it was the right decision. You never truly accepted the role in the first place. You're challenging my claim? If we went to the people and asked them to choose between us, it would be chaos. It wouldn't be divided for long. because in the end the people would choose me. My claim was foretold in the ancient texts. I was the first to find the wormhole. I was the first to be with the Prophets. They gave me back my life. Then how? Now what? Yes, I was. And you gave me back my life, just as the texts foretold. [Wardroom] To prove to this nonbeliever that you sent me to put Bajor back on the right path. Please, tell him you chose me to be the Emissary. [Infirmary] Tell him that I fulfilled the ancient Prophecies. That I was the first to find the Celestial temple. I was the first to meet with you. He came to you centuries later. So that I would be spared the occupation so that I could bring the D'jarras back to Bajor. If the D'jarras belong in the past, why did you send me into the future? You're saying that he's your Emissary? Then I've been wrong about everything. You should have let me die. I could be with my wife my family. I'm ready to go home. (Akorem vanishes.)
