Alexander Rozhenko. Of no House, sir. My honour will be my own. Bekk Alexander Rozhenko reporting as ordered, sir. So I've been told. Your parents were in good health when I last saw them. They weren't pleased about my decision, but when they realised I was determined to enlist they supported me as they always have. I am not here to call you father. I am here to serve the Empire. As you say, that was some time ago. Pleasing you did not enter into my decision. With all due respect, sir , does this conversation have any bearing on my duties aboard this ship? Perfectly. Is this seat taken? I am honoured. No, thank you. That's enough, thank you. Why are you laughing? Are you mocking me? I am called Rozhenko. No. Have some lung. (Alexander pushes his plate into Ch'Targh's face, sending him flying backwards.) You have no right to interfere! Jem'Hadar attack ship bearing one seven zero mark zero four five. Estimated weapons range in twenty two seconds. Aye, sir. The Jem'Hadar has launched two torpedoes. At us. Impact in ten seconds. Torpedoes still locked onto us. They will hit in four seconds. Three. Two, one. (Nothing happens. Worf checks a console.) Sensors reinitialised. The Jem'Hadar ship is gone! I understand. I know. I knew it would be like this. You must be pleased. Now you can tell me what a failure I am as a Klingon. Or are you just going to send me away again? Then I will be dead and you will be happy. Now leave me alone! [Kira's quarters] I need more practice. To serve the Empire, General. Do you ask every new crewman this question? Well, so have I. I'd rather not say. It's a private matter. I am nothing like him. All I ask is a chance to prove myself. He has no right. If you want me off this ship you're going to have to kill me. By getting rid of me? All you've ever done my whole life is send me away. You call yourself my father but you haven't tried to see me or talk to me in five years. I wasn't the kind of son you wanted so you pretended that you had no son. You never accepted me. You abandoned me. Aft thruster compartment fire now contained. Shields at sixty percent. Which one, sir? His aft shields are down to twenty-five, no twenty percent and he's losing antiprotons from his starboard nacelle. We've lost internal communications. There's plasma venting from the primary impulse injector on deck five. Subspace transceiver array offline. I can seal the leak. I'm of no use to you here. Yes, sir. (The crew laugh until Worf looks at them. Then he puts his hand on Alexander's shoulder.) We'll see if you mean It. I understand and I accept. Mat-LEH gih-Hegh.
But when he ordered me to bring the system back online I thought he was still talking about the hydrostatic system, so I flooded the entire deck with superheated hydraulic fluid. It took me three days to clean it up, but I swear it still smells like burnt dog hair in there. The Rotarran's crew actually thinks of me as a good luck charm. You know, the more mistakes I make, the safer they feel. I hope the Ya'Vang's crew feels the same way. I got new orders this morning. The battle cruiser Ya'Vang took heavy losses in their last engagement so most of the Rotarran's crew are being transferred there at the end of the week, including me. More bloodwine? What's going on? Me? Really? Oh, that's great! (He throws out his arms and hits a waiter's tray which crashes onto a table.) You're asking me? I can barely say my name in Klingon. Then what is it for? Grandma? We're still on the No, it's okay. I just need some water. I will. I want to travel the entire path to Kal'Hyah. Stoke the fire again! Father, what happened?
