(a red-headed woman) After all this time, visitors! Welcome to our community. Miles. Are there others? You and Miles will have a lot to talk about, Joseph. I'm sure all of us have questions for our guests. I'm sure Ben and Miles will be happy to tell us everything we want to know. There'll be plenty of time for that later. We gave up any hope of that years ago. Yes, the same thing appeared on our sensors when we were landing. Our engines failed almost the instant we hit the surface. We do know that the marshes all around us are filled with astatine deposits. That's the only explanation we have. But we've done pretty well without our tricorders and EM converters and comm. links haven't we? After all, the human body is a powerful tool. We can plow the crops, harvest the fields, construct the walls that we need for protection against the wilderness, weave clothes that we need to stay warm. In a way, we've rediscovered what man is capable of without technology. It hasn't been easy. We've had some bitter winters and we've lost some dear friends. But we're very proud of what we've accomplished here. That's something each of us is going to have to think about, isn't it. Speaking for myself, no. No, I'll never leave. And I'll never want what we have in our community to change. It means too much to me. But while you are here, you are welcome to everything our community has to offer. The only thing we ask is that you contribute. We all work for our supper. You'd be surprised how much sweeter it tastes when you do. Joseph, would you find them some bunks, please? (Joseph leads Sisko and O'Brien away, and Alixus goes to Vinod) Two more strong, healthy men, Vinod. That could mean an awful lot to this community. [Ops] We have an insect here that transmits a disease we haven't found a cure for. We've lost three to it already. It would only be a waste of time. No. If you want to put your efforts to good use, search the forest for something else we might use. Ben, may I see you outside please. [Compound] Talk like that isn't constructive. You don't understand us yet. No one follows me. They follow their own hearts. I'm sure it does. But if we'd had that attitude for the last ten years, we wouldn't have been doing what was necessary to survive here. To find the plants, herbs, molds that cure disease. We've conquered seventeen illnesses with the most powerful resource man has. His ingenuity. We're doing everything we can for her. I won't have you disrupting everything this community has worked for, Ben. And that's another thing. Let's not bring up the Starfleet rescue party again. Until they come, if they come, you'll have to do things our way. I'd strongly advise you get rid of that uniform. By mid afternoon, it gets hot in the fields. [Ops] You're a Starfleet Commander. I'm sure you've had to discipline members of your crew. The first thing this community accepted was the need to establish rules of conduct. All of us, including Stephan, approved this form of punishment as necessary and fair. How are you, Stephan? The matter is closed. Go inside. Get some rest now. Stephan will never steal another candle, and neither will anyone else who saw him here today. In time, you'll understand that this is a simple and effective way to maintain law and order in our community. (Alixus leaves) Ben, come in, I was just writing about you and Miles in my journal. I understand you're quite a chef. (Sisko takes her journal and slams it shut.) That's the first core behaviour I've seen from you since you arrived. I assume you're talking about Cassandra. Yes. Interesting. Contemptible. Try and see it through our eyes just for a moment, Ben. Cassandra came to me. She was worried. She sensed that you weren't happy. She was concerned that all you see here is work and hardship, and she wanted you to share in our joy as well. I suggested she might make it easier for you to become a member of our community. The choice was hers. Cassandra really likes you, Ben. I used to print them myself. I'm not sure I see the connection. I agree. In fact, I've started writing a book about our experiences. I've been wondering if in the ancient religions of man, there aren't some new truths to be found. Something to explain how sometimes fate delivers us exactly where we need to be. You won't give a millimetre, will you? Look at you, still in your uniform, wanting so badly to get back to your station with its artificial gravity and sterilised air. You are so disconnected from your core identity, Ben. There is a better way. How can we help you to see it? Perhaps good hard work is the answer. Vinod! Ben will be standing watch tonight. [Compound] (Next morning, breaking the fast at a buffet) Good morning, Ben. Ready for some breakfast? We have some lovely fruit. Try this. We found it growing along the riverbank a few years ago. It's some kind of native pear. Oh, will you be able to work your regular shift in the field today? Of course, if you'd like to be relieved of your duties, all you have to do is ask. Good. We're so short-handed out there. But you really should do yourself a favour and change into some more comfortable clothes. Oh, by the way, you'll be pleased to know Meg seems better this morning. Joseph is very optimistic about a new combination of herbs he's trying. [Runabout Orinoco] Meg has died. Suddenly, quietly. No one was prouder of what we've accomplished here than Meg was. Her dedication to this community and to us was an inspiration, which is why I find myself so troubled today by an act that by its very nature defiles her memory. Vinod? (Vinod brings O'Brien out) All of us have welcomed our new arrivals with open arms, but they continue to reject us. Despite their agreement to respect our fundamental way of life, this man has committed the worst offense that can be committed against this community. He has selfishly wasted precious time that could have been put to productive use. Miles was discovered trying to activate his technological devices so he could return to his ship. Thank you, Joseph. I knew you would feel that way and I'm glad you said it, so that all of us could see the true danger these two represent. Our very own Joseph defending what he knows is wrong. He knows that if we had spent our energy all these years trying to escape, we'd all be dead today. This is good. This is a test of our convictions, and we will survive. (The metal box is opened up) No, Ben, I'm not. You are his commanding officer. I hold you responsible for his actions. I'm putting you in there. Please. (he sits) This is painful for me, too. I want so much to give you water, to let you lie down to sleep. But I can't. Not without your help. I know it's too difficult to speak right now. Just rest. Change doesn't come easily to you, Ben. I realise it. Believe me, I'm not expecting some sudden, miraculous conversion. Change will come by itself if you're open to it. But you do have to show us that you're open to it. A good start would be to get rid of the uniform. I'll leave you these clothes. Once you've changed, you can have this water. Join us, Ben. (Alixus leaves him alone) [Compound] (Still in uniform, Sisko totters out towards the box. He falls to his knees, but gets up and goes back into the oven and shuts the door.) [Joseph's workshop] (O'Brien is banging the rocks together, and making sparks.) Your ship is no longer in orbit, Ben. I destroyed it. (Alixus unties Vinod) I helped invent it. You'd be surprised how many scientists are sympathetic to my philosophies. No. We were always on our way here, Joseph. I chose it months in advance. It was far away from any trade route, completely isolated. It was perfect for our ideal community. I hoped when we landed we would never leave here. Yes, but perhaps a lie can lead to a more important truth. Would any of you have learned who you really are at the core if you hadn't have come here? Joseph, you would have been a repairman all of your life. Cassandra, you would have been a technical clerk in some closed-in room. And Stephan, my friend, you probably would have been in prison by now. Look at yourselves. Look at what you've become. What you've achieved here has redefined your potential, the potential of man. Just as I knew it would. You are the living proof. Only my son knows how I have suffered as I watched each of them die. I'm prepared to go with you. Casualties were inevitable. I had to accept that from the start. Yes. For the sake of the community. I did it all for the community. It's time for those of us who don't belong here to leave, Ben.
