Hello, Jules (They embrace a stunned Bashir.) Thank you, Captain. It's a pleasure to finally see where Jules works. Oh, yes. Perhaps we should save that until another time, Richard. I'm sure the Captain is a very busy man. He said it was urgent. That the two of you were working together on a very important project and that we had to come here right away. Captain Sisko seems like a very nice man, Jules. Are you still doing research, Jules? It's all he can talk about. You should see the stacks of drawings in our house. It's like living in a drafting studio. Maybe you should tell us about the interviews we're doing tomorrow, Jules. What kind of questions will they ask? He didn't say that, Richard. Jules, please. Your father has something he wants to say. Richard? What he's trying to say is, we would never do anything to jeopardise your career. Jules, you can trust us. Your father and I have kept the secret of your DNA resequencing for almost twenty five years and we're not going to let it out now. We didn't come here to start another fight. Let's just try to get through this, all right? Jules, listen to your father. He's trying to help you. That's not true! We were never ashamed of you. Never. You don't know. You've never had a child. You don't know what it's like to watch your son. To watch him fall a little further behind every day. You know he's trying, but something's holding him back. You don't know what it's like to stay up every night worrying that maybe it's your fault. Maybe you did something wrong during the pregnancy, maybe you weren't careful enough, or maybe there's something wrong with you. Maybe you passed on a genetic defect without even knowing it. No, this is important. You can condemn us for what we did. You can say it's illegal or immoral or whatever you want to say, but you have to understand that we didn't do it because we were ashamed, but because you were our son and we loved you. (Bashir and Amsha hug.) What do you want us to do? Are you certain this is what you want? Let him do this, Julian. Goodbye, Julian.
