Dax? Is that you? Not only am I still here, I have been promoted. I'm Chief Facilitator for the entire Temtibi Lagoon. We had a wonderful time together, until I killed him. Death by jamaharon. I suppose there are worse ways to go. He was such a sweet old man. It's so good to see you again, Dax. Your new host is very attractive. Risa's been very kind to me. Come, let me show you around. Of course. All that is ours is yours. Here for the show? Really? I find Mister Fullerton very entertaining. Risa receives millions of visitors every year. And all of them leave happier than when they've arrived. I don't see how one man, no matter how determined, can change that. Fullerton and his Essentialists have been here for about a month. And no matter how many speeches he gives, the water's still warm and the wind still smells sweet. But if he's enjoying himself, who are we to discourage him? (A group of overdressed puritans arrives.) Mister Fullerton has quite a flair for the dramatic. The Essentialists are wrong about many things. What that Mister Fullerton could use is a little jamaharon. No, a lot of jamaharon. It looks like he's not the only one that could use some cheering up. Better than Risa? That's no reason for you not to have a good time. Risa is famous for its diversions. It was for Curzon Dax. And I can tell there's more than a little Curzon in you. And Risa loved him. All that is ours is yours. [Garden] (Bashir and Leeta are kneeling in front of each other) You just close your eyes and let all the tension drain away. Doesn't the clay feel good? Now pour your emotions into it. Begin to mold it. Feel the texture in your hands. I knew you'd get it. Jadzia. I'm afraid not. None of the staff can find him, but I'm sure he'll turn up. It's not. Something must be wrong with the weather grid. [Solarium] (It's a proper storm, and wet people are gathering.) May I have your attention please. Obviously the weather grid is experiencing some type of malfunction, but I'm sure we'll be able to repair it soon. And for most of Risa that means rain, and plenty of it. I'm beginning to think there's no hope for that man. Or for you either, Mister Worf. (Arandis leaves) I'm trying to organise a game of hoverball. Would either of you like to join us? No, on one of the indoor courts. Good, that makes one. I've never heard so much complaining in my life. It's not just the weather. People are starting to complain about everything. The rooms, the entertainment, the food. Nothing, as far as I can tell. But the guests say it just doesn't taste right. Maybe Mister Fullerton is right. Maybe we have forgotten how to deal with adversity. [Fullerton's room] I hope the two of you enjoyed Risa and will come again. Well, you still have a lot to learn about our people. I never got a chance to say goodbye to Curzon Dax. And Risa will be waiting. (Arandis leaves)
