I've already told you, I don't want to play dabo, I don't want a holosuite, and I don't want anything to eat. Maybe you should spend less time bothering your customers, and more time keeping an eye on your business. Really? What about him? (An alien up the upper level is fiddling with a ring) He's got a graviton emitter hidden in his ring. He's manipulating the table for his friend over there. Thanks. You. Where have you been all my life? Isn't that what you were hoping I'd say? I'm waiting for someone. Sorry. I thought you had other things on your mind. Must be those bedroom eyes of yours. You probably get that all the time. I'll be all right. Across the Promenade. Hello again. My friend never showed up last night. I wanted to check the passenger manifests to find out if he came aboard. When you grow up on Finnea Prime, you learn not to trust policemen. The security protocols protecting your computer generated some nasty feedback. Nice job. I couldn't stay interfaced long enough to break past the encryption lockouts. They're not illegal. I've heard that. A personal matter. I'd rather you didn't. It's a delicate situation. Tauvid's well known for finding people. People who don't necessarily want to be found. He's helping me locate my daughter. I gave her up when she was born fifteen years ago. He told me he had information about her. That's all I know. I've been looking for her a long time. Please, let me talk to him. Thank you. [Corridor] (No answer to the doorbell.) Maybe he's not in. He's not here. No, but considering what he does for a living, he probably had dealings with all sorts of marginal characters. Maybe it was a robbery. I didn't see any personal belongings in his quarters. Did your deputies find anything? Well, whatever happened, I doubt it had anything to do with me or my daughter. Tauvid didn't give me any indication of that when we spoke. About three days ago. I can't believe this. I was so close to finding her and now I'm going to have to start all over again. That's if you'll let me. In case you'd forgotten, I'm facing charges for trying to break into your computer. I appreciate that very much. Thank you. You're a very kind man. Thanks, I'll do that. I didn't realise I tripped an alarm. I still got caught. I didn't know. Would you believe me if I said no? That might be fun, but in the interest of saving time. (She holds out a data crystal.) [Security office] You know how Idanians are. They're a secretive race. You keep threatening to have me stripped down and examined. I'm trying not to read too much into that. No. Not quite. I meant what I said about your eyes. I don't know, but I need to find out. Because if I don't, I'm dead. I work for a man named Draim. I see you've heard of him. I access computer systems and steal information for him, government data, business plans, whatever he asks for. I think about that from time to time, but there's not much I can do about it. You don't quit the Orion Syndicate unless they say you can. That's why I came to meet Tauvid. I don't know. He told me he had information. Information I could use to break away from Draim, free and clear. I don't know. I just did. I'm not even sure how he knew I wanted to get out. No. But for some reason I decided to trust him. I know this sounds insane. I guess I was desperate. No, but Draim must have monitored my communications. How else could he have gotten his people here before I arrived. And whoever he hired is probably still on the station. You can be sure that Draim wants to know what's on that crystal as much as I do. Oh, I'm just picturing myself trying to explain all this to the authorities back on Finnea. Not that they'll listen. They'll just send me to prison. You're not? Why are you doing this? Helping me. You mean you're just doing it out of the kindness of your heart? You could've fooled me. [Cargo bay] (Traidy brings in takeaway food.) Nice room. Good trick. I hope it works. Interesting furniture. These are your quarters? I could use the company. And where are you going to sleep? Sounds relaxing. I'm so tired I wouldn't mind being in a gelatinous state myself. No. What about the crystal? I could try to interface with it. I can't believe what I got myself into. Walking out on Draim to meet someone I don't even know? I must have been out of my mind. Why do you think I got involved with Draim in the first place? Have you ever been there? It's not like a Federation world where everything is handed to you. You know how I ended up with this? I was a netgirl. I told myself I wasn't selling my body since there was no actual contact. But I was. I let men into my mind for money. Draim was one of them. That's how we first met. Before I knew it, I was working for him. He paid me more than I'd ever seen before. I was so far removed from the consequences of what I was doing, it was easy to pretend that I wasn't hurting anyone. I'd hear things now and then. Some businessman Draim had me investigate would disappear. I tried to convince myself it had nothing to do with me. But after while I couldn't pretend anymore. I wanted out. I guess I'm finally going to get my wish. Only problem is, I'll be dead. I don't want to cry. The dead don't cry. I do trust you. But you can't protect me forever. Sooner or later, Draim will get to me. I've got to find out what's on that crystal. If that's true, then I don't have a chance. Testify against Draim? I would never make it to the witness stand. You'd do that for me? Why? Wait a minute. You're going to have to give me a minute to get used to this. I've never been admired for anything other than the way I look. Don't apologise. I'm not going anywhere. [Holosuite limousine] (JB, 006 3/4, is helping the lovely woman from the PADD out of her parachute harness.) Hello. I couldn't sleep. The bed is fine. I guess you have no news for me. I'd like to be there. I might be able to help. I'm not in your way, am I? What are you reading? Have you figured out who did it yet? Well, I should let you get back to your book. What do you want to talk about? (Odo kisses her.) Tell me more. [Odo's bedroom] (In the afterglow.) I could swear that when we first met, your nose had a little curve right here. But you always manage to make these the same. What? Why are you looking at me that way? Tell me. Maybe I can help. Wait a minute. Have you never been with anyone else before? But you've never been with a woman before? No. I wish we could. I want to believe that, but I know what the Orion Syndicate does to people who turn against them. I don't want to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have brought it up. Let's just be together. Tell me more about this encounter you had on your homeworld. Sounds nice. Too bad I'm not a changeling. Is anyone here? Maybe. I just want to make sure that you live up to your end. (Traidy shows that he has nothing in his hands, up his sleeves, or tucked into his waistband.) Do you really think I'd be stupid enough to come here with a weapon? No. You're going to have to figure that out for yourself. How are you? Draim and I had a deal. Yes. I just wish I knew what this is all about. [Infirmary] (Arissa's dataport is activated.) There's something you need to know. I'm married. I have a husband. I'm so sorry. She did exist. She was real. And she loved you. In a way, she still does. I don't know. I'll never forget you, Odo. Never. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
