Oh, you've already been helpful. Just hearing about Dax makes me feel a little less nervous about the whole thing. She sounds very different from the other Dax's I've heard about. Let me put it this way. When I was told that Jadzia Dax had been designated my field docent, I asked for reassignment. Because Dax is known for breaking initiates. I looked up the records. Over the past two hundred years, Dax has personally eliminated fifty seven host candidates from the programme. [Turbolift] I suppose it's too late to introduce myself to her. Over five thousand candidates qualify for the training programme each year. Only three hundred symbionts are available on the average. It doesn't take much for one of us to get knocked out of consideration. The administrators only want hosts who are [Quark's] The best and the brightest Yes, ma'am. I caught a transport from Starbase forty one a day early. Tongo? No, sir. It was a very long trip. I think perhaps I should Oh. I'm sorry. I thought this was Lieutenant Dax's quarters. Oh. Well. In that case. Yes. My name is Arjin. She told me I should be here at I can come back. Thanks, but I've already had something to eat. A what? Computer, Black Hole. Wrestle? Okay. (Dax comes back in fully dressed and takes the drink) Well, I was under the impression that field training consisted of Yes, ma'am. Yes, Lieutenant. If you think that's appropriate. Sir. (Now she points at a pair of bottoms sticking out from under a console) Sir? It's amazing. (WHOOSH into the Gamma quadrant) Frenchotte? I've never flown a Federation runabout before. Actually, I just finished fifth level last month. Your last year of training. And how did you feel when you found out it was going to be Curzon Dax? I suppose it wouldn't be fair for you to give me a few tips. On how you managed to impress him. Okay. So how did you? Impress him. Jadzia, you'd better take a look at this. (The monitor shows something glowing on the nacelle.) She collects lost composers. No, I have. It's interesting. I didn't have to move it. It moved itself. No, it's all right. I wasn't really very hungry anyway. I'll make a concerted effort. My father. No, but he had great ambitions for his children. He was a pilot instructor at the Gedana post for forty years. He died last year. My sister was always his choice for Joining but after she got accepted to the programme, she ran off and got married. My father never spoke to her again. On the day that he died, he turned to me and he said, 'I'm counting on you.' His last words to me. Honestly, he couldn't care less what I did afterwards, as long as I became Joined. That was his only goal. There are so many possibilities when you're Joined. I'm not sure what I'd do yet. I figure I'd get a lot of guidance from the symbiont, wouldn't you say? It's one of my better subjects. Maybe that's why I was sent here to work with you. Jadzia, I felt that last night maybe I didn't express myself well about my own goals. I just didn't want you to think that I hadn't set any goals for post-Joining. I have thought about Starfleet. With my flight training it would be a perfect I'm not sure I understand. I'm sorry? That's not true. I'm, I'm just trying to, to clarify I'm finished. Worried? That's it? A day and a half and you've made up your mind. I'd like to think that's true. Just to speak up for myself. I'm feeling a little betrayed here. I mean, after your impassioned 'I am Jadzia, fellow initiate' speech in the runabout And in your mind, I'm a wrong candidate. I see. I should have known this. I should have realised this. You're Dax. Standards for Trill hosts? That is really incredible coming from you. I have never seen any host in my life who is so far below those standards as you are, ma'am. No wonder Curzon Dax tried to terminate your training. [Ops] Just keep pouring until I drown. Serious? No. I just threw my whole life out a porthole. Nothing serious. Never trust a Trill, Quark. They're two-faced. Any worm named Dax. What? It wasn't my heart she broke. It was me. My career, my life. She told me I wasn't preparing myself to Join. A bad recommendation from your field docent and you can forget it. How? How'd you recover? Thanks. I can see my future. Let's get this over with, okay? Just use a sharp blade so I won't feel it. How did you wind up with the Dax symbiont? And Curzon didn't object? You're giving me another chance? Firing thrusters. Confirmed. Seventeen seconds to the wormhole. In twenty seconds, we'll be out of here. All engines stop. Computer, thrusters on reverse, two second burst. All stop. Now what? But the containment field is so weak now, it'll fail as soon as we start to move again. Let it fail? But you said it yourself. If we pass through even one of those verteron nodes without the containment field, the energy mass will explode. You're talking about precision flying through a wormhole. It's never been done. Jadzia Watch the conn readouts. I'll try to keep at least fifty metres away from any node. We'll start with one short thruster blast and we'll coast through. That'll protect the containment field for a few extra seconds. I'm taking the inertial dampers offline. It'll be a rougher ride but I'll have a little more response time. Firing thrusters. Firing starboard thruster. No more margin for error. I've got it. Jadzia, look at this. (lots of nodes blocking their path) We're never going to get through it. Confirmed. I don't see it I don't see it. I see it! It's less than seventeen metres across. There's one thing I want to do before I go, and that is to apologise for the things I said to you in the lab. Somehow I always expected that Joining would make any Trill complete, serene, wise beyond her years. What I mean is, you're nothing like I expected. I know what I have to do.
