They're stable for now. Dax is in fair condition. The Bajorans seem to be more seriously affected. Perhaps they were exposed to more of the gas, or there may be something about Trill physiology. I'm not sure yet. The paralysing action occurred when the gas was taken into the respiratory system. Since Odo doesn't have a respiratory system as we know it, he apparently wasn't affected at all. Good idea. The molecule appears to have quite an unstable structure. That might mean the effect is temporary. [Promenade] With this kind of cellular structure, the lifeform would have needed a higher concentration of carbon dioxide than our atmosphere provides. That'd be my analysis. That's not impossible. The environmental impact might have taken some time to set in. He's much better. He should be up and around in the morning. My replicator or yours? I knew that. Well, thanks anyway. I've got a few things to wrap up around here. She enjoys it. She actually gets some kind of perverse pleasure out of it. One of these days I'm going to stop chasing her, and then we'll see. (There's a noise from the inner ward. As Bashir checks on his patients comes down through the ceiling vent and wraps a tentacle around his neck. He manages to get a laser scalpel and wound it. Mora wakes as it disappears into the ventilation grill again.) Emergency. Emergency! Intruder alert. (Later, forensics have arrived and O'Brien has scanned the vent.) It happened so quickly. I'm sorry I can't tell you any more about it. It was behind me, and then it was gone. But it was big, very big. I don't know. I don't even know if I injured it at all. I just hit it once with a laser scalpel on the arm, or the leg, or the tentacle, or whatever it was, and then it went up the wall and was gone. Now that you come to mention it, it was a bit warm in here. No, I didn't want to disturb the patients. I'm not going to try and explain exactly what happened to you, Odo, because I haven't the vaguest idea. I can tell you that with Doctor Mora's help we've managed to eliminate all traces of the gas from your cellular structure. I prescribe rest because it's hard for a doctor to go wrong with that one. Otherwise, there's not much more I can do for you.
I came to give you my best. I beg your pardon? Look, I just wanted to wish you good luck. Complaining about what? Have they given you any reason yet? You said she doesn't care. You mean about leaving Well, yes, certainly, but if her orders Don't worry, Chief. It's all been said. Will somebody please explain this conversation to me? Nobody could have planned this. (doorbell) Maybe somebody saw them leave. Where the hell's it coming from? Kira! (Bashir goes up and unties her. He gets shot, and Li shoots his attacker. Kira picks up the comm. badge) Chief, get us out of here! [Infirmary] (Bashir is healing Kira's wounds) Do not talk. Because it gets them what they want the most.
Homicide as a means to open relations, it's not exactly how they teach it at the academy, is it. It's an amalgam of organic material and some sort of crystal. More or less. It's almost like a transitional stage between organic and inorganic matter. I've only seen one life form that even remotely resembles it. In a way, this stone might qualify as a distant cousin of yours. Maybe there's a clue to your origins here. Where did it come from?
Terraforming is amazing enough, but I don't understand how you intend to re-ignite a dead sun. I once saw an exhibit of your paintings at the Central Gallery on Ligobis Ten. They were certainly memorable. I don't think I've ever seen such huge canvasses. I for one find him remarkable entertaining. (Seyetik enters) I can't eat another bite.
It was the Badlands. What? Oh, Worf. If his escape pod hadn't drifted into the Badlands, the Defiant would have picked him up and Ezri wouldn't have had to go looking for him. Funny, I was just starting to. I don't know. But there was something, something about her, wasn't there? Something that made me happy, anyway. She was this old soul and yet so young at heart, and, and, I don't know what I'm saying. [Winn's quarters]
I can only imagine what my replacement is up to on the station. (They try to destroy the wormhole, but) You have to crawl through that hole and kind of slide your way up into the wall. And run like hell. Can you do it? I'm no engineer and neither is Mister Worf here. You, on the other hand, my dear Mister Garak, are a man of many hidden talents. If you can't do it, nobody can. Touchy, aren't they? How long has he been in there? Garak? How's it coming along? [Crawlspace] Sounds like you're enjoying yourself. I suppose you could give me a crash course in Cardassian field engineering. I should be ready to take over from you in what, five or six weeks? Quiet. (They close up the wall just before the Jem'Hadar enter.) Give me a hand. (The male Romulan helps move the bunk.) Hold on, Garak. Just a little while longer, Garak. [Internment centre] (Worf is in the ring, preparing to fight, and Martok is his second.) Come on. (Finally the guard walks away to watch the match.) Are you all right? No, you need more than a minute. Your pulse is racing. I don't want to think about your blood pressure. Maybe you should wait until tomorrow. You know I do. Rest for five minutes. And from here on in you can take a fifteen minute break every hour. Doctor's orders. [Internment centre] (Worf finally pummels his opponent into the ground.) You've got three broken ribs, maybe four. Not if you keep fighting, they won't. You're lucky you didn't puncture a lung. A body, even a Klingon body, can only take so much punishment. He'll lose. And in this condition, he might even die. I'm afraid that's the best I can do. Does it feel any better? You're not a very good liar, Mister Worf. (Bang, thump, thump.) Garak. About half an hour. Garak? Garak, what is it? Garak, the panel's open now. You can come out. We've got to get him out of there. [Crawlspace] Garak. Garak, you have to stop. You're making too much noise. Garak. Garak. I know. Come on. I think you can take your break a little early. [Barracks] (Garak is put to bed, eyes staring.) It would appear that he suffers from an acute form of claustrophobia. It's a wonder that he lasted as long as he did. And who would you suggest could do that? (silence) Exactly. Well, be sure to send me a copy. We have to come up with a new escape plan. Can we get him out? Outside, I suppose. (Bashir gets knocked down.) What do you want with him? [Crawlspace] It's either a self-sealing stem bolt or a reverse ratcheting router, I'm just not sure. (The male Romulan is vapourised.) Garak, how many transtator circuits have you got left? [Barracks] Well, work fast, because pretty soon we're going to be up to our necks in Jem'Hadar. [Internment centre] (Ikat'ika stops Worf as he crawls to a post.) Take him to one of the cabins in the back. I'll be with you as soon as I can. Take us to maximum warp. We've got to get a message to the station. [Ops] And you never even suspected it wasn't me? What clues?
Bashir to infirmary. Prepare an IV drip of poly-nutrient solution. MEDIC [OC] Aye, sir. Yes. I'm going to see you stay that way.
What time is it? I'm beginning to agree with you, and to add insult to injury, I'm not getting anywhere. My DNA integration theory's a blind alley. Back on square one. Whoever engineered this shape-shifter virus certainly did a good job of covering their tracks. Miles We've tried that. We've tried and we tried and all we managed to do was to waste two weeks chasing phantoms from here to Vulcan. You want to face facts? Face this fact. Section Thirty one have managed to stay in the shadows for over three hundred years. They're not going to suddenly come scurrying into the light just because Miles O'Brien and Julian Bashir are on the case! All that will do is alert Section Thirty One to that fact that we're onto them. And you know what they'll do? They'll go deeper into hiding. probably send someone here to destroy whatever headway I've made. No. No more cloak and dagger games. Science is the answer here. Every puzzle has a solution, every disease a cure. It's just a matter of finding it. Now, if you'll kindly get the hell out of here, I have work to do. [Captain's office] Hey. Thanks. To both of you. Er, about the other day. I'm still firmly entrenched in square one. Go ahead. Well, I imagine they'd be very concerned. The very existence of a cure would jeopardise their plan to eradicate the Founders. It wouldn't surprised me if Sloan or another operative turned up here on the station to destroy my work. What are you getting at? You're trying to lure someone from Section Thirty One? What happens when this operative gets here? He may not know anything about the disease. I think it's a plan. A very good plan. When did you get so devious? Me too, Miles. [Klingon wardroom]
Do you have any idea what Dax wants to talk to us about? Apparently she asked Leeta to come as well. Do you keep tabs on everybody, Constable? Major. Chief. Hello, Leeta. How are you doing? No problem. And how is this accomplished? Leeta is sort of an amateur sociologist. I do have one question. What about Joran? Well, count me in. What's the matter, Chief?
That's not what your mother says. Oh yes, she'll live. She needed a new heart and it's functioning normally. But she's going to need a few days complete rest. And she'll need to be kept far away from him. I'm not sure exactly. All I do know is that she keeps repeating the same phrase over and over. It's all Quark's fault. It's all Quark's fault.
Well, I don't know if I would call it necessary. We could It's the principle of the thing. We're just used to playing on it, that's all. You know. Jake's friend. The Chief told me.
I managed to save the Dax symbiont. There was nothing I could do for Jadzia. (Worf warning the afterlife that a Klingon warrior's soul is coming.) (The Pah wraith leaving Dukat and the wormhole collapsing in on itself.) There should be a law against convoy duty lasting more than ten days. I think he needs to focus on something other than Jadzia, and I hate to admit it but a little combat duty just might do the trick. Worf did this? All the Way. That was Jadzia's favourite song. I'm sorry, Vic, but you're going to have to forgive him. He's having a hard time accepting her death. She wasn't your wife. There is something wrong. Klingons usually have a shorter mourning period than humans. They accept death more readily than we do. I'll see what I can do. I'll try, but I think Jadzia's death has made us all a little cuckoo. [Sisko's restaurant] You've got to get him talking. But whatever you do, don't mention Jadzia. Let him do that. He may not want to but he needs to, I think. Given the right circumstances, he will. I'll let you do your work. You sure one bottle's going to be enough? Why do you care? What did you talk about? Miles, what did he say about her? Then what makes him think she's not in Sto-vo-kor? There's more? No wonder he's been so frustrated with convoy duty. Maybe we should talk to Admiral Ross. Then you ask him. Good thinking. Who better than a Klingon to help a Klingon? [Sisko's restaurant - alley] (Sisko is scrubbing the clams.) Qapla'. The element of surprise? You're beginning to depress me, Quark. I've never been more serious in my life. I'm going to help Jadzia get into Sto-vo-kor. Sounds like this place on a Saturday night. Miles, you don't understand. You weren't as close to her as I was. This gives me a chance to honour her memory and I'm going to take it. And that, my friend, is my final word on the subject. Yes. That I'm risking my life for a very dubious cause. Miles, I don't know what to say. I'm touched. It doesn't work that way, Quark. (Bashir leaves.)
Miles. Fancy a drink? Hi. You going to Vic's? Mind if I join you? Great. Well, have a great time. I understand. [Bashir's bedroom] (Working on a PADD.) Cheeky virus. You've gone and mutated on me. Well, you can run, but you can't hide. (he settles down to sleep.) Lights. Go ahead. It's three in the morning. Isn't Doctor Girani on duty? Admiral who? On my way. [Promenade] What's going on, Ensign? What happened to Doctor Girani? Doctor Bashir reporting as ordered. Patrick! What are you doing here? Where did you get these uniforms? They're not Starfleet officers, Nog. Does anyone at the Institute know you're missing? Will you stop saying that! I was considering bringing Sarina here for treatment when I was ready. But I still have to modify my surgical equipment before I can begin the procedure. Do you have any idea how much trouble you could get into for impersonating Starfleet officers? Didn't anybody question you? Oh, it's all right. I'll find a way to straighten this out. Somehow. Hello, Sarina. Remember me? I'm going to do everything I can. I promise. [Captain's office] They wanted to bring Sarina here so that I could help her. They meant well. They were trying to save lives by Maybe that's because they're not allowed to live in society. Of course. Well, with your permission, sir, I would like to proceed with Sarina's treatment. A copy of the medical protocols I submitted. Doctor Loews, Sarina's legal guardian, has given her consent. There's no guarantee that it'll work, of course, but if it does it could change everything for her. There's no reason to think that she's suffering from the same type of behavioural disorders as Jack and the others. Her problem is that she's trapped inside her own mind. This could free her. There are still a few technical issues that I have to work on, but I feel confident that I can iron them all out. I owe it to her, sir. I could have ended up the same way as Sarina, but I was lucky. My DNA re sequencing didn't have any unintended side effects. Thank you, sir. Actually, I was hoping you'd allow let them to stay on for a while. Sarina's spent the last fifteen years with them. Now, assuming the procedure works and she comes out of her isolation, I think it would be helpful to have some familiar faces around. I appreciate it. I'll see that it doesn't happen again. Aye, sir. [Cargo bay] (Lauren is brushing Sarina's hair.) All systems are go. We? Thanks for the offer, but It's not about credit, it's about what's best for Sarina, I think. Oh, glad to hear it. What are you working on? Well, I'll leave you to it. But do me a favour and change out of those uniforms. Sarina? I'd like to take you to the Infirmary and run a few tests. Is that all right? It won't hurt. I promise. Nog? Sarina's cerebral cortex was genetically enhanced in order to accelerate the rate at which she can process information. Now, the only problem is, her visual and auditory systems can't channel the stimuli into the cortex fast enough. So because they're out of sync, she can't focus on what's going on around her. I need to stimulate the growth of new synapses in the thalamus. Which means I have to manipulate neural proteins at a subatomic level. Now you know why I asked you down here. How can you say that before you've even tried it? Well sorry just isn't good enough, Miles. This is Sarina's only chance at living a normal life. Anything? (The nurse shakes her head.) Sarina? Now just how am I supposed to know you understand me if you don't give me some sign? Anything. it doesn't matter how small. [Quark's] It's been five days now, and she's as unresponsive as she was before the procedure. Well, it wasn't enough. No, that just about covers it. Thanks. I'm not sure. [Promenade] (Sarina is standing, staring.) Excuse me. Sarina? What are you looking at? Sarina, you spoke. [Infirmary] (Sarina is walking around, looking at everything and smiling.) Sarina, come and sit down. I need to run a few tests. (Sarina smiles at the tricorder.) You're right. I hadn't noticed that before. That's a little odd. Her norepinephrine levels are slightly elevated. I'm not sure. You're right, I think. Jack! Don't worry, it's only temporary. It just takes a little practice. It was amazing. Within a few minutes, Sarina's voice just took off. That kind of improvement usually takes weeks of speech therapy. So she was exhausted. I took her back to the Infirmary. I needed to monitor her neural activity anyway while she sleeps. But I still can't get over that transformation. Yesterday, she was silent as a stone. Today, she's singing and laughing. You should've seen her, Miles. Is it Thursday? Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot. I'm sorry about the mix-up, Miles. Sarina, what are you doing here? How did you get in? Is something wrong? My nurse could have given you something. Why not? It's not going to happen. Your life's going to be different now. Your future is full of possibilities. You know, you're going to be doing things that you haven't even dreamed of. There's really no reason to be afraid. Sarina? (She's fallen asleep on his shoulder, so he tries to sleep sitting up on the couch. He wakes to discover her leaning against his chest working a PADD.) Morning. What? The L two codon. Of course. Why didn't I think of that? Sarina, you're amazing. I've been working on this for months. I don't know about that. Thank you. Go ahead. I'm on my way. Well, it looks like I'm going to be tied up for the next few hours. What would you like to do in the meantime? Would you like a tour of the station? I can ask Ezri to show you around. All right. I'll have someone take you to the cargo bay. And when I'm finished with surgery, I'll join you there. Thank you. [Cargo bay] (A big display screen with the title The End Is Near!) Is she all right? Can we talk about it later? Sarina? Is something wrong? Some of my friends want to get together a little later on at Quark's, and I was wondering if you'd like to come along. Do you want to? Er. Everyone, this is Sarina. Sarina, this is everyone. For the most part. Hey, Broik. [Promenade - upper level] What about Ezri? I can't believe you saw all that after just a few hours with them. I'm going to have to start putting on my poker face. Is that right? And how would you describe me? Well, two out of three isn't bad. Now that would be telling. I'm glad you liked my friends. I know they liked you. They only usually do that at staff meetings. That's why they belong in the Institute. In fact, Doctor Loews wants me to get them back there as soon as possible. You don't belong there. Not anymore. Not yet. I know how much you care about them. Why does she have to go anywhere at all? (And Bashir kisses Sarina.) [Cargo bay] Sarina isn't going back to the Institute with you. No. She's staying here. I've arranged for her to have her own quarters. Look, I know you're going to miss her, but it's the best thing for Sarina. Stop thinking about yourself for a second, Jack, and think about her. Face it. She doesn't belong with you anymore. Oh, Jack. Well, they took it rather hard. In the morning. Give them a little time to get used to the idea. Come on, I've got just the thing to cheer you up. [Quark's] Tell him how you do it. Go on. Explain how you track the dependent variables. He's just wants you to stop playing so he doesn't lose any more money. But she's winning. Sarina? This way. I'm sorry. I thought you were having a good time. I'll tell you what. Tomorrow night why don't we have a nice quiet dinner in my quarters. I have a week's leave coming up. I thought we might go to Risa together, get away from all the distractions around here, spend a little time alone. I'll let you get some rest then. [Replimat] (Closed for repairs.) She's wonderful, Miles. I've never met anyone like her. She's brilliant, sweet, everything's new to her. Being with her is so refreshing. She takes such delight in what she's experiencing. It makes me appreciate things I usually take for granted. Like coffee. Music. The way the stars shine. Are you listening to me? Well, don't you have anything to say? We're genetically engineered. We do everything fast. Not anymore. I've asked Doctor Girani to take over her care. Miles, I don't think you understand what this means to me. All these years I've had to hide the fact that my DNA had been resequenced. I'd listen to people talk about the genetically engineered, saying they were all misfits. I used to fantasise about meeting someone who was like me, who could live a normal life. But it never happened. Until Sarina. Don't you see? She's the woman I've been waiting for all my life. Computer, music. Something romantic. (Violins play. Time passes, and the candles are out, but the champagne is unopened.) Computer, locate Sarina Douglas. Sarina, it's me. Computer, override door locks. Authorization Bashir delta five seven alpha. [Guest quarters] (Sarina is just sitting staring out of the window.) I've been waiting in my quarters for you. Sarina? Is something wrong? Sarina. [Infirmary] Apparently the thalamic pathways I generated are still functioning, but Doctor Girani's not detected any neural activity in them. Not a clue. It's as if she were just slipping away and there's nothing I can do but wait and hope she pulls out of it. Sarina? Don't be afraid. Everything's going to be all right. I'm not going to give up on you. Ever. [Cargo bay] I don't know what's wrong with her. I need your help. Look at her. Do you really want her to spend the rest of her life like this? I've been trying to find a way to reach her, but I can't. Maybe there isn't one. All I'm asking is that you try. The three of you know her better than anyone else. Please. I don't want to lose her. Thank you. [Bashir's quarters] (Bashir lays down on the couch. The red rose has wilted.) [Cargo bay] Come in. About Sarina? I don't understand. What's she afraid of? I'm going to go talk to her. Stay here. [Cargo bay] Sarina, talk to me. Please. I know you can. What's wrong? Is it me? If it is, don't be afraid. I'm going to do whatever it takes to make it right because I love you. I want us to be together. Tell me, do you love me? Sarina. Shh. No, you don't owe me. You don't owe me anything. Shh. [Replimat] Her shuttle leaves in a few minutes. They left for the Institute this morning. Yeah, an internship. She's going to work under one of the scientists there, live with his family. How could I have been so blind? What was I thinking trying to move things along so fast? She needed time. I didn't give it to her. I came this close to driving her back inside herself. I'm supposed to be a doctor. I'm supposed to put my patient's needs above my own. No thanks. [Airlock] So here you are, on your way to one of those tiny little specks of light out there. I'm going to miss you. Forget you? Never.
Lot of kick for a forty five Dom. Bashir. Julian Bashir. (Well, it's the right initials, and he does get a round of applause as he kisses the woman.) An uninvited guest. Excuse me. (Bashir goes over to ) Nice tux. Now get out. Breaking into a holosuite during someone's programme is not only rude, it's illegal. I should call Odo and have you arrested. I'm not embarrassed. I'm annoyed that you have intruded into my privacy. Am I supposed to? I must have picked up that habit from you. Now, if you will excuse me. What? This is a fantasy. I'm not hiding anything. All right. Now I have to be at work in two hours and I'd like to enjoy myself, so keep quiet and don't rain on my parade. Never mind. Good. Garak. I can see I'm going to regret this. That's right. The decor is appropriate for the period. Nineteen sixty-four. Kowloon it's part of Hong Kong. I decided to leave Paris a little early. Allow me to introduce my friend, Mister Garak. Garak, this is my personal valet, Mona Luvsitt. That would be perfect. See if we can find Mister Garak something as well. Please. Care for a drink? Valet. Mona is very capable. She speaks seven languages, has degrees in biology, chemistry, physics, can fly anything from a jet to a helicopter and makes an excellent martini. I'll let you know. Actually, my character is far more disreputable. I'm a spy. Yes. I work for one of the nation states of this era, Great Britain, which is battling various other nations in what is called the Cold War. This apartment, my clothes, weapons, even my valet were provided to me by my government. It's perfect. It's all part of my cover. I'm posing as a wealthy jet-setter, so I have to act like one. People of this era used to travel in (There's a thump off-screen. Bashir draws his gun then presses a button. The bar rotates to reveal a bed. Kira is on the bed, in a nightgown and speaking with a russian accent.) Very funny. Who else did you invite along with you today? I had a parachute, and there was a submarine there waiting for me. But how do you know about that? Have you been downloading my holosuite programmes? Nerys, please. Kira Nerys, actually. I'm beginning to think you're right. Computer restore the image of Colonel Komananov back to its original parameters. Excuse me. Computer freeze programme. Bashir to Ops. What's going on? [Ops] (It is still dark.) I'm in holosuite three. [Holosuite - Bashir's apartment] The program's running but it won't comply with my commands. [Ops] Not exactly. [Holosuite - Bashir's apartment] Someone has replaced one of the characters with the image of Major Kira. What's going on? I'm not sure myself. Why not? How could that happen? Understood. It's been one of those days Garak. Believe me, he knows nothing. I'm sure we will. You said she's been kidnapped. Look. If Honey Bare is killed, the computer will erase her character from its programme. Now since the programme thinks that Dax is Honey Bare Kira, erm, Ana. Do you have any idea where Professor Bare is? I'll be right with you, Mona. (Mona falls forward with a knife in her back. Two thugs with guns enter followed by O'Brien wearing an eye-patch.) No. It's Falcon. You could say that. I bought those for Anastasia last Christmas. You're bleeding. No! We can't kill him. But that's Miles. What do you want me to do? Kill him? I'll deal with that situation if and when it happens. In the meantime, we have to find Dax. Ana, I promise I'll explain everything later. Now, you said Professor Bare had been kidnapped. Do you have any suspects? The Club Ingénue? I had a feeling. (goes to Mona's body) Sorry, my dear. I hope you remember how to tie a bow-tie. We're going to Paris. I'd like to see Doctor Noah. I have an invitation. (The flunky goes behind the decorative glass window - as previously broken - then gestures for them to come over. A large figure in a white jacket is playing baccarat.) Doctor Noah? May I? (Bashir joins the game.) My name's Merriweather. Patrick Merriweather. And this is my wife Anastasia. And my friend Mister Garak. (Worf kisses Kira's hand.) I don't have one. I must say I feel a little insulted by being left out of such an illustrious group. Oh? No problem. (Bashir puts a note on the table.) Right in front of you. Shall we begin? [Ops] Card. (It's a four.) Nine. Five million francs. Baccarat and geology are my life. Now then, Mister Duchamps, I believe we've met your conditions. (Worf takes a red banded cigar from his case.) When do we leave? Where are we? That's right. A most striking display of rubies, tourmaline, sapphire, topaz. Judging by the high chromium content in the rubies, I'd say they come from the hydrothermal deposits on the Tibetan plateau. Which isn't surprising, considering we're on the south eastern slope of Mount Everest at about twenty two thousand feet, I should say. You must not get many tourists. Island? The global earthquakes. Once that much lava is released, the tectonic plates would begin to settle. Will cover the Earth. Diabolical. Are you revoking my invitation? Where's Colonel Komananov? I'm thinking. We can't do that. We'd wipe out the patterns of Sisko and the others. You heard what Odo said. We don't know what'll happen if we interrupt the holo-imaging array by calling for the doors. The entire programme might collapse and kill them all. It's our ticket out of here. (It's Dax, making some last minute checks.) What a waste. That no one can see what a beautiful woman you are. Shut up. Noah only wants you for your mind. He can't appreciate the woman inside you. Honey, would you grant me one last request and take off those glasses? (Garak groans and rolls his eyes.) You know, your hair would look so much better if it were free. There. That's the last thing I want to remember before I die. That will not be necessary. (he unlocks his handcuffs) Honey has given me all we need. Come on! (The laser lights up. [Holosuite - tunnel] (Rocks fall from the roof.) We have to get to the control room. If this programme ends like the others, either Komananov or Honey Bare will be killed by Doctor Noah. The other's supposed to end up with me. In either case, we have to make sure that both of them survive. It's my fantasy. Trust me. We can't do that. Kira or Dax might Quit? GARAK Yes. Is that what they taught you in the Obsidian Order? To give up when things get tough? Oh, so that's what this is all about. The fact that my fantasy happens to step on what you consider to be your private domain. Well what's the matter, Garak? Have I bruised your ego by play-acting at something you take so very seriously? Don't. If you call for the exit, you might kill Sisko and the others, and I'm not prepared to risk that. I wouldn't be so sure about that. You'll be fine. It's just a flesh wound. What makes you think I wasn't trying? I'm so relieved. Now, we have to get to the control room. Are you coming or not? Everybody stay where you are. Your weapon, Doctor Noah. Not this time, Ana. No! Understood. Wait! Maybe I'm tired of being a hero. Maybe I've thought over what you said and decided that you're absolutely right. Everything. The decadence of the world, the need for order. The more I think about it, the more I realise that your way may be the only way. Yes, but all that's about to end now, isn't it? You're going to destroy this world and start a new one. What's the use of me continuing to defend a doomed planet? Can you see the sense in that? No. I'm an intelligence agent, and if there's any one thing I've learnt, it is that there comes a point when the odds are against you and there is no reasonable course of action but to quit. How do you think I've managed to stay alive so long when all of my compatriots are dead? It is because I have known when to walk away. [Defiant transporter room] You need to move beyond that. You need to start thinking about your new world order. You may even need someone like me. (Bashir has moved near the control console) I don't intend to destroy your console, Doctor. I intend to use it. (Bashir presses the large red button.) Thank you. I bet they didn't teach you that at the Obsidian Order. Lunch tomorrow? Oh, I think it's safe to say that Julian Bashir, secret agent, will return. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
He's stabilised. I can revive him at any time. I'll be just outside if you need me. He'll be all right. Again. Would you like to see him? So far, there's nothing unusual about any of their casualties. I've treated fifteen cases of severe radiation burns, seven thoracic perforation traumas caused by shrapnel and twenty three decompression related injuries. All just what you'd expect following an explosion on a starship. Well, the radiation burns were the result of exposure to gamma rays. My guess is they were hit by a photon torpedo. Mining a star system is an act of war. I didn't think the Klingons were ready for that. There. Very ugly. Uglier, that is. A joke. This will temporarily alter your DNA signature to match one of our friends over there. It should be good enough to pass a cursory test. About four hours. Kurn. Kurn? Please, take a seat. [Klingon Corridor] (Worf and Kurn beam in, and go to a doorway. Worf's modified DNA lets them in.) [Computer room] Well, wiping his memory is relatively simple, say an hour. But changing his genetic coding, combined with surgically altering his features will take at least another five hours. He'll know he's a Klingon, and how to speak the language, and virtually everything he needs to know in order to survive, except who he is. And that's the first question he'll ask. Who am I? Do you have an answer? Are you absolutely certain about this, Worf? Once I've erase his memory engrams it'll be almost impossible to restore them. He won't remember you or anything about his real life. Prep him for surgery. (Hours later, a grizzled old Klingon has arrived.) The plasma discharge damaged your hippocampus. You're suffering from a severe form of amnesia. I'm afraid you may never regain all of your memory.
But other than that we couldn't be in better shape. From the sound of things I wish I were. I believe you. You think it's some kind of tractor beam? Now what? I don't believe it. We thought you'd been captured by the Jem'Hadar. Why thank you, Garak. It's good to be back. Business keeping you busy? Of course. That's very kind of you to say so, Garak. Hopefully things'll start getting back to normal around here. And why is that? I take it you're referring to the peace talks. Is that your opinion or the opinion of the Cardassian Central Command? Well, I for one, hope you're worrying about nothing. (T'Rul leaves the infirmary with a bandaged hand) Sub-Commander T'Rul, are you all right? What did you want to talk to them about? I wasn't aware the Romulans had been excluded. There must be some mistake. And where did you get this information, from one of your friends on the Federation Council? And you believed them? How fortunate for you. You're a regular visionary, Quark. Now look (The Jem'Hadar pulls O'Brien back up off the floor and throws him over the bar. And goes to do it again.) That's enough. (Bashir gets pushed up against the wall.) That's a lie. Tell him that. Is that's it? You're just going to let him walk away? Look, I know what the orders say, but he attacked Chief O'Brien and we have rules here against that sort of thing. So in the meantime, they're free to do whatever they want? Bashir to Sisko. Commander, I need to talk to you about the Jem'Hadar. [Guest quarters] But we're here on urgent business. If I didn't know better, I'd say you were enjoying yourself, Garak. Well, I guess this means the end of our Starfleet careers. Garak? I'm sure. (Garak is shot) Garak! Garak. (Dax drives off the attacker.) He's not coming. Another Shape-shifter.
Is he with us? Is he going to help us or not? Good. (Bashir punches Sisko.) I owed you that. I let you hit me once because I thought you were our Captain Sisko. Now I know better. Ah. You remember the Intendant, don't you? I was taking her to an interrogation session when the vile little tyrant tried to escape. (She gets another agoniser jolt.) Oops. Leave her. She's not through with her lesson. Gladly. (And does so.) Whose side are you on? The Alliance never made that distinction. Take her back to her cell. (Dax caresses Bashir.) Smiley! Your assembly crew won't let me into the torpedo bay. Great. So what am I supposed to do with these torpedoes? Do you now? How many raiders have we got left? Maybe not, but I might be able to buy more time before they get here. Is that what you're worried about? I thought it was because I was going to reap all the glory. Who said anything about dying? Then it's settled. Well, we'll know as soon as they start firing. (The little ship dodges the torpedo blasts.) [Defiant conduit junction] Yeah! Bashir to Defiant. Aren't you going to welcome me back? [Defiant Bridge] With pleasure. [Klingon Bridge] (Girders are coming down, knocking out the crew.)
Isn't he terrific? Come on, I'll introduce you. Trust me, he's no ordinary hologram. Vic. You're terrific. Great. Felix designed him that way. He thought it gave him the right attitude for the era. I am so sorry. Commanders Dax and Worf, this is Vic Fontaine. Oh no, we've got to split, Vic. Catch you later, baby. [Quark's] I didn't say a word. So, why don't we all meet here tomorrow night at twenty one hundred? We can listen to Vic's whole set, then maybe hit the casinos, play a little blackjack, roulette. Business or pleasure? So, what do you think? About Vic. Clever, isn't he? I tell you, I owe the man, Miles. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't be dating Ensign Walker. She turned down three dinner invitations. I talked to Vic, he gave me a few pointers and voila. He's not an ordinary hologram, Miles. He knows about life, love, women. Now that's a little unfair. Yeah, can't sleep. Feeling a bit tense, actually. I'm not that tense, Quark. Look, I think I'll just go up to the holosuite for a bit and Yes. If you could hand me my new programme At this hour? That's unfortunate. Maybe I'll go wake up Miles, play a little tongo. [Las Vegas lounge] (No audience, Vic in shirt sleeves.) Morning. Why don't you do the honours. But you'll have to wait. She's staying on Bajor for two more days. That'd be my guess. Odo? What's he got to do with it?
According to these readings, unless we can realign your temporal signature, you'll be pulled back into subspace again within the next few minutes. I need that containment field now, Chief. It's not working. I haven't worked a two-dimensional control panel in a long time. How did we manage? Maybe after we've got Captain Sisko back, we can all stop by Morn's for a drink for old time's sake. [Engine room] It's a lucky thing too. Dax isn't any good to anybody these days without a cup of coffee in her hand. Since the accident created a subspace link between him and Jake, there'll be a path of bread crumbs to follow. (Shudder.) It's working. (Jake's device is making a hole in the air.) We're losing them both. They're being pulled into subspace. (Sisko and Jake go into) [Limbo]
Well, we'd better think of a new tune fast or the only song we're going to be singing is Hail the Conquering Dominion. Everything seems to be perfectly normal. I'm sorry, Garak. I'm sure you did. And a raktajino. You think Starfleet Command will approve Sisko's plan? And planting our flag on its battlements once again. He can't help being negative. It's in his nature. They outnumber us two to one.
You're sure? It's ambiguous. Definitely open to interpretation. But it could've been worse. He could have said it's a very big step. Oh, that's good, anyway. So, what does he do now? That sounds a little extreme to me. What if he just tells her he made a mistake, there had been a misunderstanding, and that he really would like her to live on the station? Everyone. It's a wonder the Ferengi reproduce at all. So, just between you and me, what do you think about Kasidy moving onto the station? A very big step. [Crash site]
I don't know about you, but I'm starving. Where did you learn all this? Beets? Well, they're not exactly a personal favourite of mine. Well, I look forward to understanding it better. (Doorbell.) I hope you like beets. Nobody said life was fair. That's lovely. Maybe you hit on it by accident. You know, beginner's luck. Jadzia, have you experienced any hallucinations prior to this? Have any of Dax's other hosts? Well, according to your file, the only major trauma the Dax symbiont ever suffered was when Torias Dax was injured in a shuttle accident. It says here that Torias remained in a comatose state for just under six months. There must've been a lot of tissue damage. The doctors couldn't keep his isoboramine levels up. When the levels dropped to below forty percent of normal they had to remove the symbiont. Yes. They've fallen to seventy three percent of normal. I'm not sure. There's no tissue damage, no synaptic degradation. I wouldn't worry about rejection just yet, but we do have to get your isoboramine levels back up. And I suggest we take her back to the Trill homeworld and have the doctors at the Symbiosis Commission examine her. How long before we reach Trill? Resting in her quarters. I know. I feel the same way. We'll just have to make sure nothing happens to her. Right? Yes? Not at all. You're having trouble sleeping? I could get you something. Oh, no, no, no, no. I was just reading. Just some background research. Look, Jadzia, I know you're worried, but the doctors at the Symbiosis Commission know a lot more about this than I do. Was it really that bad? Considering the risk of rejection, you can't really blame them. If they were to put a symbiont to an unsuitable host, they'd both be dead in a matter of days. Well, look on the bright side. At least this time you won't be going there as an Initiate. Most people are. When I was younger I was terrified of them. They seemed to know everything. It was as if they held the power of life and death in their hands. I used to think that if I didn't behave, they'd make sure I got sick. Then as I got older, I decided that I wanted to know what they knew, be as smart as they were. That's right. And you know what I learned there? That all I really wanted to do was help people. That's what doctors are there for, to help. So there's really no reason to be afraid of them. Now if that little story didn't put you to sleep, I don't know what will. Listen, Jadzia, you're welcome to stay the night here if you want. You can have the top bunk. Absolutely not. Up you go. Whatever you want. Is this light too bright for you? Dax? (She's asleep already.) Sweet dreams. [Dax's room] (Her hospital room at the Symbiosis Commission.) Did they do a bio-spectral scan on the symbiont? That's right. Did you get a chance to look over the test results? You're going straight to your quarters to rest. No buts. Doctor's orders. Just lie down, close your eyes, and try not to think. Dax! Jadzia! [Dax's room] I don't understand why she'd have another hallucination. I've checked her isoboramine levels. They've risen another six percent. Jadzia, maybe you still have some issues you need to sort out about the time you spent here. The Guardians? So, this is where the symbionts breed? Fascinating. (A man enters with a bag.) Can I ask what you're doing? What are you doing? Oh no, of course not. Well, it's sunny. Very pleasant. Does the name sound familiar? She's in neural shock. [Dax's room] Doctor. Do you think there's any correlation between Dax's condition and the wormhole? You told Jadzia that her condition had something to do with one of Dax's previous hosts. All we're asking is that you come with us to the Symbiosis Commission and consult with Doctor Renhol. How do you know that unless you try? He's not busy. He's scared. Yesterday, Timor claimed the problem was with one of Dax's previous hosts. Today, the mere mention of the possibility makes him nervous. I can't think of a better reason for such an investigation, can you? Well, Jadzia seemed to lose consciousness the minute she saw Belar's picture. I've accessed the Trill central database. Let's see what information there is on Joran Belar. Here we are. Born on stardate 1024.7, died on 8615.2. I was expecting a lot more. When I looked through Dax's records there was detailed information on each host. If part of the file's been deleted, the data compression ratio might be off. Yes, look at this. The ratio's for a file five times larger. There was definitely more information here. Belar died on the same day as Torias Dax died. Oh, this has to be more than a coincidence. He's not listed but there is someone here with the same last name. Maybe they're related? He is. There's a reasonable chance that he and Joran were related. Musical ability often runs in families. I've established a comm.-link. Then you don't remember the name? A host named Joran Belar. [Dax's room] It's over, Doctor. We know about Joran Belar. And now after eighty years the memory block is deteriorating and Dax is starting to remember the Joran host. Tell me, Doctor, how many of your people are suitable for Joining? I understand the percentage is very low. Maybe one in a thousand? Which is why the candidates are put through such rigorous testing. What would happen if for some reason a symbiont was given to an unsuitable host? But what if it did? How long before rejection would set in? Then someone like Joran Belar, an unstable personality with violent tendencies, should have rejected a symbiont within a matter of days. Yet that didn't happen, did it? According to our information, he was Joined to the Dax symbiont for six months. We've got a lot to talk about, Jadzia. You have a decision to make. [Symbiont Caves] (Jadzia enters the pool wearing a long white gown. A symbionts swims over and sends a discharge to her. Joran rises from the water.)
All right, all right, let me get this straight. There are two hundred of us trapped inside some crumbling old mission or whatever, surrounded by two thousand enemy troops, is that right? Do we win? Why do you want to play a programme where we lose? In life, maybe, but not in the holosuite. What? Actually, Miles and I were chatting I don't want to interfere.
Ah, Chief, there you are. All set to go? Commander, did the Magistrate give any indication regarding the nature of this medical emergency? In that case we'd better be on our way. You know, Chief, in a way I'm really looking forward to this mission. I see it as a wonderful opportunity for us to get to know each other. Chief, may I ask you a question? And I'd like an honest answer. Do I annoy you? Well, the thing is, we've just spent two hours alone together in this runabout and you hardly said a word to me the whole time. Oh, I see. Thinking? About what? What were you thinking about? I'm just curious. I suppose so. I mean, the only reason I bring it up is because your opinion means a lot to me, and I'm aware I have a tendency to run off at the mouth sometimes. It's just a nervous habit. I hope you don't hold it against me. And one more thing. I don't think it's really necessary to call me sir. How about Julian? Of course not. It's just that I'd simply prefer it if you called me by my first name. No sign of any airborne infections. The soil appears to be free of pollutants, and the ground water clear of bacterial contamination. I'm Doctor Bashir and this is Chief O'Brien. How many others are sick? Easy now. Try not to exert yourself. I'm afraid you're in no shape to go anywhere. I beg your pardon? (The old Sirah takes Bashir's hand.) You mean Chief O'Brien? Why? Chief? He wants to see you. See that he stays in bed. [Village square] I haven't a clue. I wish I had better news. He's suffering from systemic organ failure brought on by an accelerated rate of cellular decay. His body's surrendering to old age. I can keep him comfortable and relatively free of pain. Other than that, it's just a matter of time. I'm sorry. And you say it's coming here tonight? Right now, the Sirah isn't strong enough to get out of bed. Listen to me, Sirah. You must return to bed. To be out here in your condition Is it alive? Could it be some kind of holographic image? Chief, help us get him down from here. He's dead. I wonder what was controlling those energy creatures. Try telling the villagers that. They saw the Sirah choose you as his successor. You saw how he greeted you when we arrived. It was as if he were expecting you. I'll tell you this, Chief. I'm glad you came along on this mission, because if it wasn't for you, I'd have done what I could for the Sirah and left. And look at what I would have missed. Don't worry, Chief, I have faith in you. I mean, for all we know, you really were sent by the prophets. Oh, bring them right in. Put them wherever you like. We're visitors here, Chief. It would be impolite to refuse our hosts. (Three young ladies remain) I think they're the ones offering services, Chief. He made a mistake. Now what are we going to do? If the Dal'Rok has no physical substance, how can it leave a neutrino trace? Lucky for us, you were able to stop it before it did anymore damage. In that case, how did the Sirah manage to stop it? I think actually she wants you to bless the child. Looks like more of your followers are requesting an audience. Please, please. I'm afraid the Sirah is busy at the moment. Perhaps I can be of service. Chief! I'll try not to. Tell him that. If he isn't, who is? But if you were supposed to take over, why come the Sirah chose him? Punishing you? We had one of these orbs aboard our station. We're aware of how powerful they are. And that enables them to defeat the Dal'Rok by creating the shimmering lights. Oh, Chief? Good luck. What's wrong is O'Brien's not the Sirah. You are. Do you think that maybe the Sirah planned all this? He knew the villagers had lost confidence in you, so he chose O'Brien as his successor, knowing that you would have to rescue him. Don't you see? This is your chance to prove once and for all that you are the true Sirah. You know, Chief, this is going to make a fantastic story to tell around the station. Well, I hope you won't mind if I mention it. Oh, and Chief, on second thoughts, you don't really have to call me Julian.
Dax is right. I'd say she's jealous. She knows that you and Keiko are going to have a baby soon. First in my class in paediatric medicine. Why? Miles spill something again? Just because Worf lives on the Defiant full time doesn't give him proprietary rights in the mess hall. Have a seat, Commander. (Bashir moves.) This one's gone. Spinal fracture and severe trauma to the cranial meninges. Constable, how many casualties do we have? I'm going to stay here, take care of the wounded. That includes you.
(in tuxedo) You're not dressed. Seventeen hundred on the dot. We have a holosuite for the next three hours and we're going to need every minute of it. Three British agents have disappeared in West Berlin. Now, MI5 suspect the Soviets were involved, of course, however Americans have intercepted a. Er, what are you doing with a tongo wheel? You play tongo? Fascinating. Anyway, the Americans have intercepted a series of messages from Istanbul to a remote island in the South Pacific which might indicate that Miles. Why? Good luck. I don't even know the rules. All right, let's play. Buy at thirty five, sell at one fifty, and index the margin at ten percent. Miles, give it up. This just isn't your game. So? And that someone is you? Well, for one thing, you can't play tongo. Confront. Had enough? Miles, at this rate it's going to take you another twenty years to be ready to take on Quark. Why are you so determined to beat him? The challenge? The challenge. Me? I've only just learned to play the game. We? You're talking about me. No, thank you. That's your obsession, Miles, not mine. Nice try. Deal the cards. [Runabout Shenandoah] You're afraid I'll clean you out. I think I can keep up. The question is, can you keep up with me? Then you shouldn't have anything to worry about. They won't know what hit them. (Time passes, and it's down to three players.) Buy at three hundred, sell at three fifty. (The last Ferengi waiter quits.) You mean quick for a human, don't you, Quark? You'd wait until it was over. Dax specialises in the unexpected. Still buying at three hundred, selling at four hundred. I'd like to index the margin at twenty percent. That's for sure. I had the same thought, although to tell you the truth, I only gave it a month. Confront. That she is. I know exactly what you mean exactly. You know, sometimes she walks past the Infirmary and all she has to do is wink and somehow that makes my whole day look a little brighter. I'll buy that five fifty and index the exchange at ten. Married. I suppose so. But some things just weren't meant to be. Evade. Hmm? Oh. Sorry. Full consortium. What? Miles? Wait. Quark, did you really mean all that? About Dax being my one last chance for true happiness? Whatever happened to we? You mean all that about Dax was meant to distract me? I can't believe I let him get to me. I guess.
Actually, I do have some idea what's going on. I've compared your current medical scans with ones I've made over the last four years and there are noticeable differences. Normally when you're in humanoid form, you have a specific density of one point four which is constant throughout your body. Your mass and density only vary when you change shape. Right now, your mass and density are in a state of fluctuation. No. Not yet. I'm afraid I can't let you leave just yet. Moving seems to increase the fluctuations and may bring on another attack. Or until the fluctuations stop on their own. For all I know, this could be a normal biological process. The changeling equivalent of puberty, or menopause. Don't worry. This could just as easily turn out to be a virus or a bacterial infection. Now, lie back and I promise I'll do everything I can to get you out of here as soon as possible. [Wardroom] How are you feeling? It's gotten worse. The latest test results aren't encouraging. The destabilisation of your molecular structure is increasing at an alarming rate. One week, maybe two. After that, if the destabilisation continues. I sent my findings to Doctor Mora. Frankly, he was as baffled as I am, but he wants you to come to his laboratory on Bajor for further tests. I don't suppose you'd agree on a trip to Starfleet Medical? I was hoping it wouldn't come to that. If we go into Dominion airspace without cloaking, we'll get their attention. As soon as possible. The medical bay is all set, but it'll take a little while to get Odo on board. Well, his molecular structure is scrambled enough as it is. The last thing he needs is a trip through a transporter buffer. Sir, if Garak is asking to come aboard, I'm sure he has a good reason. Would you like me to have the Promenade cleared? It must be hard to keep them all straight. Maybe we should let the Constable get some rest. Does it matter? Excuse me. I don't mean to interrupt, but is there anything you can do for him? Your molecular structure is still fluctuating, but it's nowhere near as unstable as it was. Odo is my patient. Then I'll be right outside. It can wait, Garak. Thank you. I'll bear that in mind. [Corridor] He insisted on coming to see you himself. How long has it been? So have I. Oh. Right. [Defiant corridor] (Worf and two security march along.) Captain, I'm getting some strange readings. Captain, I'm reading a heart, lungs, and a digestive system. It's as if he were human. It's blood, all right. Not a trace of changeling protoplasm in your entire system. Type O negative, if you were wondering. Physiologically, you're completely human. Yes, I was wondering about that. Why they left it unchanged.
Captain, I'm reading a heart, lungs, and a digestive system. It's as if he were human. The Klingons are obsessive about blood screenings. If he's lasted this long, the changeling impersonating Gowron must have already found a way around them. Very impressive. What are they? Here are the results of the crew physicals. Lieutenant Vilix'pran is budding again. Let's see now. He had two from the last litter, four before that. Could be anywhere from eight to eighteen. He said the request will be on your desk in the morning. You're doing great. You're positively glowing. I think so, but then, I suppose my opinion really doesn't count. My fault? After you volunteered. After you flew the runabout into an asteroid field. That was Keiko. Whatever makes you happy. I never argue with my patients or my commanding officer. You think they'll make it? How's the view? Everybody's in a hurry. Well, I shall have to remember to walk a little slower. Show no fear, that's my motto. Go ahead, Major. I'm on my way. Your father's going to be all right, Jake. He goes where he's sent. It's all part of wearing the uniform, and I doubt that's ever going to change. [Hall of Warriors] (The group fill their tankards from a barrel of bloodwine.) Now, that's better, isn't it? You know, Constable, I could give you any face you like. Bajoran, human, Trill. Whatever you say. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Listen up. Listen up. To Lieutenant Hector Ilario, living proof that Starfleet Academy produces the finest fighter pilots in the galaxy. I haven't finished. This is no time to be modesty. This man, this youth, this mere pup still wet behind the ears. I was speaking metaphorically. This inspired cherub masterfully piloted the Defiant into battle against a half dozen Jem'Hadar attack ships, and once all the smoke had cleared, only one ship remained intact, and that, ladies and gentlemen, was the USS Defiant. And so say all of us. If there's anything you want, anything at all, just ask. Can't be done. It's impossible. It's a good way to relieve stress. Just not with us. He's very particular about anybody seeing him in his coonskin cap. You understand. Terrific. Now if there's anything else you need? It appears someone shot him. (After the opening titles, Sisko has arrived and O'Brien is doing the CSI tricorder thing.) He was shot through the heart. Starfleet officers do not go around murdering other officers. What are powder burns? Oh three seventeen. Ilario once told me he came from a big family. Three brothers and two sisters. I don't think so. Are you? Us? We should have let him come to the holosuite with us. Or you'd be dead right there with him. If anyone can. Ezri. I was about to ask you the same question. Me neither. You mustn't blame yourself, you know, for Ilario's death. Then what is it? It's difficult to accept. The whole concept of someone killing another person in cold blood, it's almost incomprehensible, isn't it? Meaning what? You're talking about Joran. He was nothing like you. They weren't your victims. You really should get some rest. Good night. (Ezri leaves, Bashir sits on one of the two rows of chairs set out for the memorial.) [Corridor] Cause of death, tritanium bullet fired at close range. No powder burns. I still can't believe anyone in Starfleet could be doing this. Instead of a phaser? I don't know. He or she may have originally intended to kill their victims from a great distance, so they replicated a long-range weapon. Or they had some special connection to this particular rifle. A fetish or psychological obsession, perhaps? Did you ever read that biography I gave you on Davy Crockett last month? There was this fascinating section about the mythology that grew up around Crockett and his rifle. There was this notion that a man could have a special relationship with a weapon. Some frontiersmen even went so far as to give their rifles names, female ones at that, thus changing the relationship between owner and object to something resembling man and woman. There's some great tall tales in that book. There's one particular story where Crockett was supposed to have put up a target against a tree and arranged a series of tin frying pans nearby in a complicated pattern. The idea was that he was going to shoot a bullet at one of these pans which would then ricochet to another and then to another and then to another and then to another. Who? Don't thank me, thank Davy Crockett. [Science lab] Captain. At close range. On our way.
Kira almost had us clear of the asteroid field, and then the deflectors became overwhelmed. We were side-swiped by a rock the size of this room. A fuel pod exploded and Keiko was thrown against the bulkhead. She had a concussion, broken ribs, internal haemorrhaging. I managed to stabilise her but the baby's autonomic functions were failing. I had to find another womb for the baby, and the only two people available were Major Kira and me. I had to stimulate Kira's estrogen and progesterone production, and administer high doses of tesokine to enable the baby to metabolise Bajoran nutrients. Right. Well, Keiko should be up on her feet in a day or two. However, the baby Major Kira will have to carry the baby to term. You see, Chief, Bajoran women carry their children for less than five months. Because they have such a short gestation period, they vascularise very quickly. Mother and child form a complex interconnecting network of blood vessels. In order to transfer the baby back to Keiko, I would have to sever those ties, which would likely cause massive internal haemorrhage in Kira and a severe respiratory trauma for the baby. Quark. Quark! I just received an odd message from a Doctor Orpax of Ferenginar. He wants me to tell you he's very sorry but you don't have Dorek Syndrome. Does that make any sense to you? Quark, where do you want this? A case of Alvanian brandy. A patient sent it as payment but I can't accept it. Oh, it's not charity. I find it undrinkable. So do you want it or shall I dump it? (Quark takes the case.)
That's right. Oh, dear. How long have you had that cough? May I? (puts his hand on her back) Cough for me. (Leeta forces a couple more fake coughs.) Hmm. No, but it's a good thing you came to me when you did. We need to start your treatment immediately. (to waiter) Bring me a Fanalian toddy, very hot. Make that two. I'm feeling a bit of a cough coming on myself. No, please, call me Hi. Before I forget, here's the immunological data you asked for. (Bashir hands Dax a PADD which says Go Away.) The Lexington? (Dax leaves.) Excuse me for just one second. Stay there. [Promenade] Jadzia. Do you happen to know when the Lexington is coming in? Do I? Elizabeth Lense. You know, I think she may have been in my class at Starfleet Medical. That's right. Second in my class. But if I hadn't mistaken that pre-ganglionic fibre I would've been valedictorian. I can hardly wait. [Sisko's quarters] (Sisko enters with bag and beard) Yeah, I'm reading just about everything I can get my hands on. I don't want to be caught flat-footed by our intrepid Doctor Lense. It's useless, of course. She's probably discovered the cure to aging by now. Absolutely. We were neck and neck right until the final exam. Then I blew it. That's how she wound up on the Lexington, a post which virtually everyone in our graduating class was hoping for. No. This is the assignment I wanted. Well don't you see? She could have had this post, she could have taken it from me. No matter what I accomplish while I'm here, somehow that'll always make me feel second best. [Commander's office] Already? Oh. I thought it wasn't coming for another day or two. Phew. Okay. [Quark's] She's busy. I never mentioned her at all, not to you anyway. That was really beautiful, Chief. You know what we should do? We should go to Quark's and sing it for everybody. No! No, this isn't a synthale kind of night. She walked right past me, Chief. Acted like I wasn't even there. What? I don't think so. Isn't there some explanation in between? What do you mean? Really? I remember. But now? That means a lot to me, Chief. It really does. You're right. I'm going to go right up to her and ask her flat out where she gets off walking past me like that. Why? Why not right now? Good point. Good point. Good point. And did those feet Excuse me. We were to medical school together. Julian Bashir. You sound surprised. Andorian? I did go to that party. May I? With my friend, Erit. He's Andorian. (to waiter) No, thank you. Didn't you see me give my speech at graduation? I know the feeling. You know about that? Well, I never got a chance to congratulate you. Not so long. So, you got the Lexington. You must have had quite an adventure, exploring uncharted space, meeting fascinating new races with fascinating new diseases. Really. Thank you. I suppose I was lucky. If you're really that interested, we should go to the Infirmary and I can show you my latest results.
The Klingon invasion has all but destroyed the Cardassian health system. They're suffering outbreaks of all kinds of diseases and in epidemic proportions. Besides, you've only got twelve more inoculations to go. Sorry, but if you want to go to the conference. You agreed to go because it was a personal request from the First Minister of Bajor. Well, nice to know he's keeping in touch with his constituents. What is it? Big green, swirling ones? And is the room beginning to spin? Good. It means the vaccine's beginning to work. Everything'll settle down in a moment. This one might make you a little queasy. If you have something to say to the major, you'd better make it fast. I'm glad I'm not going to Cardassia. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is packing.)
They don't look so fine now. They were dry as a bone when I came by for you yesterday. I mean, I gave them water, I just don't think it wasn't enough. Oh. (Molly comes in and sees the devastation.) She'll understand, won't she? After all, they're just plants. Well don't look at me. We killed them. But I think you're overreacting to the situation. I mean, Keiko will forgive you. It's your birthday today, isn't it? Well, she's been away on Bajor. She's missed you. Bring her a gift. What kind of chocolates does she like? You don't need me there. I've seen you handle your wife thousands of times. Just say you're sorry and that you take full responsibility. You'll be fine. Besides, I have to be in surgery, operating. I'll find someone. [Upper pylon] (Keiko is eating chocolates as the wormhole opens and closes again.) Hope I'm not interrupting anything. It's the least I can do after er I'll be here. I guess it's not a surprise anymore. Well, I'd better going. I left a patient on the operating table. I'll see you later. No problem. (Bashir leaves) Oh, she's in the bedroom, helping Molly put on different shoes. A little fashion crisis. But as usual, your wife has handled everything. You're a lucky man, Miles. Let me take a look. Keiko's going to be all right. She's lucky that she landed the way that she did. It distributed the impact. Otherwise a fall from that height could easily have killed her or left her paralysed. Yes, but she's still in shock. She has a broken femur and a hairline fracture of the right parietal bone. Maybe in a couple of hours. Right now she needs to rest. All right. But only for a few minutes. Don't excite her. [Surgery] She does need to rest, Chief. She'll be back on her feet soon, I promise. [Promenade]
Can I interest you in some more Yigrish cream pie? But you've hardly touched your food. Well if you like, I can help you set up an exercise programme in one of the holosuites here. Is it? I see. I do. Human mystery novels. The problem with Cardassian enigma tales is that they all end the same way. All the suspects are always guilty. Oh, so I'm told. It's not that I don't appreciate all the trouble she goes to and everything. It's just that this year is a little different. This will be my thirtieth birthday. Well, in many human cultures, the thirtieth birthday is considered a sort of landmark. It marks the end of youth and the beginning of the slow march into middle age. No. It's just that when you hit thirty, it becomes harder and harder to ignore the passage of time. Well I am aware that aging is part of the natural process of life. It's just that I don't want to be reminded of it, that's all. Look, Garak, in two days I turn thirty. If I choose to be grumpy about it, that's my prerogative. Thank you for the support. What? Oh, Quark. I'm sorry. How can I help you? (Quark approaches, accompanied by a large reptilian with red eyes and horns or teeth sticking out of his face.) Biomemetic gel is a restricted substance. Its sale is strictly prohibited by Federation law. Why do you need it? Oh. I am sorry, but biomemetic gel can be hazardous if handled incorrectly. It's not for sale. At any price. Quark, you might want to warn your friend that even attempting to obtain biomemetic gel is a felony under Federation law. Goodbye, Quark. Lights. (Altovar is ransacking the shelves) What do you think you're doing? (Altovar grabs Bashir's head and there's a prolonged electric discharge. Bashir collapses) (After the opening credits, Bashir wakes among flickering lights, static ridden monitors and the mess. He starts tidying up.) Bashir to Security. Bashir to Ops. This is Doctor Bashir. Can anyone read me? Computer, locate Commander Sisko. Computer, respond. Computer? (Noises that might be voices.) Hello? Is somebody there? Hello? [Promenade] (Dark and deserted. Some of the noises are clearly words in familiar voices.) Hello? Is there anybody there? Where is everybody? (In the mirror on the kiosk next door he catches sight of grey hair at his temples. There's a crash and breaking glass in Quark's across the way.) [Quark's] (Again dark, with sounds of objects and glass being broken.) Who's there? (Quark is cowering behind the bar) Quark? It's all right. It's me, Bashir. What is it? What's going on? Tell me. Who? Who are you so afraid of? Where's Sisko? What happened to the rest of the crew? Why don't you come with me? We'll go and try to find them. Safe? From whom? Quark, you have got to tell me. We've got to find a way to put these lights back on. Wait. (Quark runs out.) Who's there? Show yourself! (A table flies at him. Bashir leaves to the sound of smashing furniture.) [Promenade] Quark? Quark! [Replimat] (A replicator is pouring out a constant stream of liquid but no mug.) Tarkalean Tea. Constable? [Security office] (Someone grabs him and pushes him against the wall.) Garak? I was about to ask you the same question. Not everyone. I just saw Quark cowering behind his bar. He believes that someone is terrorising the station, and I'm not sure I disagree with him. There's some thing in Quark's tearing up the place. I didn't get a really good look at it, but believe me, it was not friendly. Computer. I can't believe that you, Quark and I are the only people left on this station. Sisko and the others must be around somewhere. All the more reason to try and locate them. (The whispers start again) Wait. Do you hear that? That sound. It's like voices whispering. What is it? So I've noticed. Look, Garak, we haven't got time for this. We have to find out what's going on here. I'll meet you back on the Promenade in an hour. Be careful. Level H one, section A. (Hands stop the doors from closing. Bashir's grey is very pronounced now. Bashir kicks at Altovar's hands and the doors close. The turbolift starts to move. Then there's thumping on the roof and it starts to cave in. The turbolift stops.) [Corridor] (Now we can start to make out the words more easily.) Looking for you. The Lethean? You mean Altovar? We've met. He attacked me in the Infirmary. Computer, scan the occupants of this room for any anomalies. You're all acting very strangely and I intend to find out why. Computer? That's enough. Where's Sisko? Where are O'Brien's work crews? I've been wandering around this station for hours and the only two people I've seen are Quark and Garak. Where is everybody else? There's something very wrong here. Hold on. Does anybody else hear that? Garak didn't either. I know, I know it sounds odd, but I keep hearing voices. That's the problem. I can't make out the words. I'm fine. There must be some logical explanation. Maybe there's a virus or a subspace anomaly. A neural inversion field, an anaphasic parasite. Calm down, Dax. You're not going anywhere. No one is. There are too many strange things going on on this station. My aging, O'Brien's missing crewmembers, the sabotage to the station, your abnormal behaviour. I think we should find out. Is there any way of getting the internal sensors online? We'll all go together. Let's move. [Cargo bay] Well, that would at least let us contact Bajor. There's no harm in keeping both eyes open. The last time I saw him, he was in the central core. Level five. But I doubt he's still there. I think I lost him. Just keep working, Chief. Open hailing frequencies. Try to contact Bajor. Where's this signal coming from? Delta waves. When I scan myself for brain activity, all I get are low frequency delta waves. I'm in a coma. Not necessarily, Major. Not according to these readings. Actually, I'm not picking up any life signs from you at all. I don't think so. But don't you see? That is why you're all behaving so strangely. You all are. Dax, you're not usually the sort of person to solve her problems by running around with a phaser. And Chief, you're not usually so pessimistic. I haven't picked any of you. I'm in a coma. I'm the only one who's really here. Which means when I'm talk to you, I'm really only talking to myself. It's the only possible explanation. In a manner of speaking. All of you are. You all embody different aspects of my personality, different voices inside my head. If I were to guess, Chief, I would say that you represent my doubt and my disbelief. I knew you were going to say that. Major, you're the perfect choice for my aggression. And Odo, you represent my sense of suspicion and fear. Dax, to me you've always represented my confidence and sense of adventure. I suppose he represents the telepathic damage that the real Lethean did to my mind. It's not the station he's sabotaging. It's my mind. The station represents my mind just as you represent aspects of my personality. Think about it. When Chief O'Brien fixed the communications relay, we could hear what was happening in the real world. Exactly. So if we could repair the station Jadzia! Jadzia! Jadzia! [Promenade] (Bashir is playing tennis with Garak.) How did I get here? How do you know about her? Still the man of mystery? I'm getting a little too old for this game. I can't stay here. I have to get the main computer back online. You're right. Try to find Kira, Odo and O'Brien Kira. Tell them to meet me in Ops. How did you know that? No, you're not. You're doing my job. And what's more you're doing it as well as I could. You represent my professionalism and my skill. Come on. You've got to come with me to Ops. I can't repair the station without your help. Major. Odo, what happened? He's trying to rob me of my confidence, my intelligence, my strength. I have to get to Ops. I have to get there while I still can. [Conduit] (Bashir climbs down a ladder and finds O'Brien at a junction) Chief. I've got to get to Ops. I've got to do something. I can't just let the Lethean kill me. You sound awfully sure of that. I'll tell you something. I like the real Chief better than you. I'm going to try and find a way out of these conduits. It's hard enough for me to walk, let alone crawl. I thought you said I didn't have a chance. So am I. How did we get back here? This monitor. It's displaying my vital signs. Pulse is thready, blood pressure is dropping steadily. I'm dying. Ha! Excuse me. (Bashir is lying on a table where the dabo wheel should be.) Quark, where did all these people come from? A wager? On what? What if I want to bet that I will survive? Garak. The Lethean. He's in Quark's. I've got to get to Ops. I don't believe it. I've broken my hip. I can't walk. I've got to keep moving. You're going to help me. But other than that, I feel wonderful. Now, are you going to give me a hand or not? Get me up. What is this? I'm sorry, but I really haven't got time for this. DABO GIRL But it's a party and it's all for you. Garak, get me over to the engineering station. Now. There must be a way to reactivate the central computer network. My engineering extension classes at Starfleet Medical focused mainly on starship operations, but I think if I can re-route the primary command processor I might be able to bypass the disabled systems and get it operational. If you were really Garak, you could tell me. In fact, you could fix this computer without my help. Help me get this panel off. (It's above head height.) Yes. (Tennis balls fall on them and knock Bashir down.) My tennis balls. Garak, the computer controls are behind one of these panels. I just have to find the right ones. If you won't help me, I'll do it myself. That doesn't sound like the Garak I know. Well it doesn't sound like me either. (More tennis balls from this panel too) I've been thinking. Why did the Lethean let you live? He killed everyone else who could've helped me. Exactly what part of me do you represent? Is it my conscience? My curiosity? Hmm, is it? Is it my sense of humour? I don't think that you are any part of me. In fact, I don't even think you belong here (his head) at all. Which leaves me with just one question. Who are you? (Garak transforms) Well I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. Oh, you mean just give up? I don't think so. I wasn't good enough to play professionally. I love medicine. I made a mistake in the final exam. That's right. That's ridiculous. That's not true. She's my friend. We'll see about that. (Bashir totters into the turbolift.) The mistake I made was trying to repair the station from Ops. It may be the nerve centre of the real world, but this is the centre of my world. Or what? You'll kill me? Go ahead. What's stopping you? You've had plenty of opportunities so far. I don't think that it is as easy for you as you say it is. (The lights stop flickering) Ah. You know, you don't look half as threatening in normal light. (The monitors show Bashir on a biobed.) Because that's what you want me to do. You may be inside my head, but you don't know me half as well as you think you do. Take Dax. I do have feelings for her, but the important thing is she's my friend. You know? Friend? And I wouldn't exchange that friendship for anything. As far as my career is concerned, I may have been a good tennis player, but I'm a great doctor. Maybe I could've been first in my class, but it wouldn't have changed anything in my life. I still would've chosen this assignment. This is where I belong. Computer, activate quarantine field three J. (Altovar is behind a forcefield.) I can do anything I want. It is my mind. Begin sterilisation. (And Altovar evaporates) [Infirmary] You will never believe where I've been. [Replimat] As for the real Altovar, he tripped a security alert when he broke into the Infirmary. He barely got two metres before Odo arrested him. Actually, I did some checking on Letheans. Their telepathic attacks are almost always fatal. I guess I was lucky. One thing's for sure, you know. After experiencing life at a hundred plus, turning thirty doesn't seem that bad anymore. Well, it did make things interesting. Oh, I wouldn't read too much into that, Garak.
People tell doctors things they wouldn't tell any one else. If you could talk him into having a routine medical examination, maybe I could
Queen's Gambit. It came in this morning. According to Felix, it's worth the wait. He said it's the most elaborate programme he's ever designed. You get to play Lady Wantsomore, a beautiful socialite who's brainwashed to assassinate the Queen of England. Odo plays Nigel Dunlop, a former agent who comes out of retirement to help me foil this diabolical plot. I play You're Falcon, of course. So, is everybody all right for Saturday? Odo? Not only that, you get to drive around in fancy automobiles, and go to posh parties and steal her (picture on PADD) away from Falcon. Are you kidding? Look at her. Well, looks like we'll have to find someone else to play Odo's part. (O'Brien takes another look at the lissome blonde character in holosuite programme 5547.) Let me help you with that. Extraordinary. You just jumped out of an aeroplane at twenty thousand feet, and yet there's not a hair on your head out of place. (Although the car appears to be in motion, there's a knock on the window. Bashir draws his gun and winds down the window.) Odo. Driver, stop the car. We'll just be a minute. (The woman gets out.) Well, yes, but since you didn't show up Sort of. Well it's that kind of programme. What is this all about, Odo? You didn't come here to talk about women, did you? Ah. This is about bedroom eyes, isn't it? No. Actually it was Miles. If people are talking, it's only because they care. You put on a good front, but anyone who really knows you can tell that you're lonely. If you're interested in this woman, you have to let her know. Why not? Rejects you? She might. But you can't go through life trying to avoid getting a broken heart. If you do, it'll break from loneliness anyway. So you might as well take a chance. If you don't, she'll move on and you'll never know what you might have had. And living with that is worse than having a broken heart, believe me. (A knock on the other window.) We're nearly finished, darling. (A gun jabs the back of Bashir's head.) Odo. This isn't fair, Chief. Odo and I were talking. The memory transfer will take a few minutes. The transfer's complete. I'm going to take her to surgery. [Odo's quarters] (Doorbell)
Neither did I. Well, I must admit I was a bit concerned. Morn. He managed to guess the day when you'd be back. Only missed the time of your arrival by two hours. I don't know how he does it. (Sisko joins them.) I can't tell you how glad I am to see you again. Er, both, both, both of you. Right here. This palisade in the south wall. If only we could make this part of the compound less vulnerable. I know where they came over, Miles. I am Travis, remember? And I say we strengthen the south wall, the north wall, and any other place that helps us keep the enemy out. I don't care. I just want to win, once. What if we put cannons along the long barracks like this? (Quark nearly puts drinks in the courtyard.) Haven't you ever heard of grace under pressure, Quark? And I just did a complete run through of the emergency support team protocols. Anything's possible. What about a moat? Yes, here, look, we could widen this stream, maybe make it a little deeper. What more can I say, Miles, but I'm sorry. It was nothing. Emergency life support and damage control systems standing by. Miles built this Alamo model, replete with little figures. Quite spectacular, actually. Datasets loaded and verified. Anyway, he was showing it to me in Quark's when we, rather I, misplaced Colonel Travis. He really did a fantastic job. Miles, look. Primary computer systems are off line. (BOOM)
Bashir to Sisko. I'm at airlock fourteen, Commander. I think you'd better get down here. Well, I was about to begin off-loading some medical specimens from the Bajoran transport [Ops] And, well, the Kai is here. She says you once offered her a tour of the station. (Kira enters) You say she's never been here before? Excuse me for saying so, Commander, but she looks preoccupied. [Promenade - upper level] It's a spectacular sight to see. It's a slow day. Spectacular, isn't it? There's Idran, the closest system. It's a ternary star. Commander, sensors indicate lifeforms localised in twelve square kilometres on the moon's surface. They may be humanoid, sir I can't resolve the biopatterns. There's too much interference. Aye, sir. Hull temperature nine hundred C, nine fifty, eleven hundred. Twelve hundred C. Thirteen. Commander. Pulmonary collapse. Her upper thoracic vertebrae have been crushed. I'm sorry. (Kira cries and closes Opaka's eyes) Major. The hell you are. She needs treatment. I'd like my medical case, if you don't mind. (Shel-la sits as if he doesn't care, and a woman opens the case and starts looking through it. Bashir snatches it away) For God's sake. This should make you feel better. Major, I'm so sorry. I would've done anything. I gathered that. Perhaps I can train some of them in the basics of field triage. I still have to run a neuromuscular scan on her when we get back. Her vital signs appear to be normal, but I could have sworn she was Although she appears to be normal, her physiology has been radically altered. I'm not sure. The tricorder indicates some kind of bio-mechanical presence at a cellular level. I wish I could tell you. Whatever it is, it seems to be directly controlling her metabolic processes. I'm sorry to keep saying it, Commander, but I really don't know. If the runabout's computer were functional, I might be able to run a full analysis. It's okay. It's all right. [Runabout Rio Grande] His reading's are the same as Opaka's. Virtually every cell in his body shows signs of this bio-mechanical presence. Now somehow it has literally brought him back to life. Sir, I'd like to return to the runabout and try to get the computer up and running. Sir, this could be a breakthrough of unprecedented magnitude. Nice work, Julian. [Cave] Yes, sir. I've got the computer up, more or less. It's processing the data now. I can already confirm that these microbes are artificial. rather like nanites in a way. I should have a complete analysis from the computer in a few minutes. What's going on? No kidding. How'd you arrange that? Isn't that a bit like assisting a jailbreak? Yes, of course. I only meant Yes, sir. Well, I should be checking on that analysis. (Bashir goes into the runabout) I'm sorry, Commander, but I've discovered we can't afford to die here. Not even once. [Runabout Rio Grande] (They've arrived at the brown planet) The analysis is very clear. Once the microbes have restored a body after death, that body becomes permanently dependent on them for all cellular functions. It gets worse. The designers made them environment specific. If the microbes are removed from this ecosystem, they'll stop functioning. I'm afraid so. My analysis of these microbes that keep you alive showed that if you were to leave the moon, you would die. Commander, I find myself caught in a moral dilemma. As much as I am dedicated to the preservation of life, I wonder if we shouldn't help these people end this torture. Anything that can be programmed can be reprogrammed. If I could disable the mechanism in these microbes, they should no longer function when someone is killed, and these people would finally be able to die.
I'm positive I packed my dress uniform. I can't understand it. I mean, they are aliens, aren't they. I mean, they won't know our protocol. I can't seem to find it, sir. I mean, I'm certain I packed it. Yes. Aaah! Oh. Oh, thank God. I thought I was having a nightmare. I couldn't wake up. (Kira enters) Haven't you ever had to wake yourself up out of a bad dream? Perhaps we're being given some sort of behavioural test, like a laboratory rodent who must work his way out of a maze. Do you think we're supposed to do something? The panels on the floor. She steps on certain panels which must allow her to go through the field. Watch this. But I did everything she did. I followed her footsteps exactly. Move along home. That's what the man told the Commander. Madame, this is no laughing matter. (A waiter offers an orange drink) Maybe it's the Wadi's way of providing nourishment. (Sisko starts coughing on the gas coming from a vent) Not bothering them. Drink! It's the antidote. (Bashir passes the glass on, Falow gives one to Sisko then applauds) Scientific method. Actually, I took a guess. It didn't seem like I had much to lose. Isn't it a matter of simply figuring out how to win this game? Seriously, we've gone from the second shap to the third shap to the fourth shap already. I have no idea, but we're making progress, whatever it are. On the contrary, Major. I find the stakes to be highly motivating. Commander Sisko. Over here. Hurry! I can see it! I've found the way home! Come on, Dax [Cavern] Hurry up! (a silhouette against a bright light) What's taking so long? We're almost out of here. Can't you see it?
You all right? Well, we'd better get you down to the Infirmary. Hello? (A giggle in the darkness.) Is that you, Jack? It's all right. I just read Doctor Loews's report, that's all. Hello, Sarina. Would anyone mind if I turned on the lights? Computer, lights. Lauren. Yes, actually. You're the one who brought it up. (Giggling off screen.) Mental abilities, mostly. But they had my hand eye coordination, reflexes and vision improved as well. (Jack does a back flip) I doubt it. Six point nine zero three. My genetic status was discovered a year ago. I did my best not to exploit my abilities. Maybe you're right. Maybe I should have said something sooner. They don't put people away for being genetically engineered. It happened before. People like us did try and take over. I'm not trotting anything out. All I'm saying is there's a reason we've been barred from certain professions. But that doesn't mean we can't be productive members of society. All right, then. Since then you have all the answers already, I'll spare you the speech. I'm having dinner with some friends. All I kept thinking was, there but for the grace of God go I. My parents managed to find a decent doctor to perform the DNA resequencing on me. These four weren't so lucky. They all suffered unintended side effects. By the time they were five or six, their parents were forced to come forward and admit that they'd broken the law so that their children could get treatment. There was nothing the doctors at the Institute could do for them. These cases are so rare there's no standard treatment. That's what Doctor Loews thought when she first came to the Institute. She got permission to separate them from the other residents so that she could work with them. She thought they might respond to meeting someone like them, who was living a normal life. She was also hoping that one day they might be able to live on their own and be productive. Giving them a chance to contribute doesn't necessarily mean sanctioning what was done to them. They didn't ask to have their DNA tampered with. They were only children. And why should they be excluded just because their parents broke the law? Like joining Starfleet. Are you saying that I shouldn't be allowed to wear this uniform? An exception. I should be used to that, I've been one all my life. First because of the DNA resequencing, and now because I've been allowed to join Starfleet. No, it's all right. Jack. No, they must've broken in somehow. I'd love to stay and chat about our impending doom, but [Cargo bay] What noise? What are you talking about? Wait. Is it a kind of a high pitched whine? I called Chief O'Brien. Now let her go. If you don't let her go, I'll tell the Chief the noise went away by itself. Are you all right? (Doorbell) Come in. Miles, I wonder if you could find out what's making that noise? I know you can't hear it, but it's there. Probably a sympathetic vibration in a power coupling or something. (O'Brien gets out a tricorder.) He's married. It's about to start. Much better. Thank you, Chief. It's Damar, the new head of the Cardassian government. Why do you say that? Did any of you know who Damar was before today? Yes, Ziyal. That's Gul Dukat's daughter. It was amazing. They pieced together the entire story of how Damar came to power. Weyoun is the Dark Prince, Gul Dukat is the deposed King, Damar is the Pretender to the throne, and Ziyal is the innocent Princess he murdered. And now the Pretender is wracked with guilt over what he's done. Well, they were fascinated by the whole thing. They kept bombarding me with questions about Cardassia and the war. I've never seen them so engaged. I'd like to try. I'm just running out of material. They've already gone through everything the computer has on Cardassia and the Dominion. (Sisko comes out of his office.) That's great. Sir, is there any chance I can get a transcript of the negotiations? Perfect. I'd say so. And the best part is, we're going to have ringside seats. [Airlock] Since when could you speak Dominionese? What is it, Patrick? Did you see something? You can tell us. How do you know? You're sure? End programme. (The meeting room disappears.) All right, they want the Kabrel system. But why? There must be something special about the Kabrel system. Does this have anything to do with what we're talking about, Sarina? Can we take it? Any idea what this might mean? [Captain's office] (The PADD, analysis mode 47, shows a chemical structure.) It shows how you can break down tri-nucleic fungus to make yridium bicantizine, one of the active ingredients in Ketracel White. That's why the Dominion wants the Kabrel system, so that they can manufacture the drug right here in the Alpha Quadrant. According to our calculations, they'll be able to make enough White to supply the Jem'Hadar indefinitely. Actually, sir, we should give them Kabrel. If we don't, the Dominion will be forced to attack before their stockpile of White runs out. Here are the casualty projections. As you can see, an attack would result in devastating casualties for both sides. It'll buy us time to rebuild our defences and bring the Romulans into the alliance. According to our analyses, there it is, they'll vote to abandon their non-aggression pact with the Dominion at next year's plenary session. By which time, internal pressures between the Cardassians and the Dominion will have erupted, and after three years six months and twenty seven days, we predict that We're mutants. I know, we're not exactly qualified for this kind of work and it could be said that it is beyond the limits of what people like us should be allowed to do. But I think if you allow me to walk you through our analyses, you'll be impressed. Thank you, sir. The way our statistical analysis works, the farther into the future you go, the more accurate the projection. It's based on a kind of non-linear dynamics, whereby small fluctuations tend to factor out over time. The net result is Gladly, sir. [Cargo bay] (It's a champagne celebration for the would-be psychohistorians.) Captain Sisko said he would take our analyses to Starfleet Command right away. It is now. Computer, music. Make it grand. He tried. Come in. Chief, what a pleasant surprise. Don't mind us. What did you do, Chief? What's the matter, Patrick? You want me to play with you, do you, Chief? Come on. Let's go to Quark's. (Patrick picks up O'Brien's tool box.) Ready? It's all right. The only reason Patrick gets so emotional is because he likes you. Yeah, they all do. No, no, it's not just that. They fell comfortable be around you. What was the word Jack used? Uncomplicated. Oh, yes, they're amazingly insightful. They have ways of seeing things other people don't. They are pretty candid, aren't they. Funny thing is, I'm actually beginning to enjoy their company. (Bashir steps up to the ockey for his throw.) You know, I was thinking Starfleet Command might do all right to take them on as a team of advisors. We were celebrating. They really are quite brilliant, though. I mean, once we actually started working, it was incredible. We were all on the same wavelength, talking in shorthand, finishing each other's sentences. I've never had that with anyone else. I wouldn't say that, exactly. More like slow. I don't mind. Makes me feel superior. I appreciate it. It's not always easy walking amongst the common people. Sure. But do I have to stand so far back? I like to win, just like the next man. I've got good news. Starfleet Command was so impressed with our analysis, they've agreed to let us have access to classified information regarding Starfleet's battle readiness. Is something wrong? Everything checks out. No. It's inescapable. There's no way the Federation is going to be able beat the Dominion. We have no choice. We're going to have to surrender. [Captain's office] Sir, I understand how you feel. I don't like it any more than you do, but it's the best option. We've run dozens of different scenarios. Even if something unlikely were to happen tilting the scales in our favour, such as an anti-Dominion coup on Cardassia, we'll still lose this war. If we fight, there will be over nine hundred billion casualties. If we surrender, no one dies. Either way we're in for five generations of Dominion rule. Eventually a rebellion will form, centring on Earth. It'll spread, and within another generation, they'll succeed in conquering the Dominion. The Alpha Quadrant will unite and a new, stronger Federation will rule for thousands of years. Since we can't win this war, why don't we save as many lives as we can? I know it's difficult to accept. They're not just assumptions. If you want me to take you through the equations, I will. Not even to save over nine hundred billion lives? We can't win this war. With all due respect, sir, aren't you letting your pride get in your way? Without add your voice to it, they'll dismiss it out of hand. So we go down fighting. How terribly courageous of us. [Quark's] (Bashir shows O'Brien the projections at the bar.) What do you think? It's not just grim, it's hopeless. We can't beat them, Miles. We have to avoid a long, drawn out war. I know, it's an ugly word, but facts are facts. Don't tell me you agree with the Captain. Is there some part of the analysis you didn't understand, because if there is I'd be happy to explain. That's not what I meant. All I'm saying is that you have to look at the bigger picture. I didn't say that. Frankly, I don't see how they can. Please. You and I both know these games of chance are no such thing. The odds are in the house's favour. Sooner or later, no matter how perfectly I play, no matter how well I hedge my bets, I'm going to lose. They're fools. Because I'm trying to prove a point. There is no way to win. There, you see? We're all as good as dead. You're right. It's not as if nine hundred billion lives were at stake. [Cargo bay] I just got word. Starfleet rejected our recommendations. You may be right, but there's nothing we can do. We can't force Starfleet to surrender. Wait a minute! It's one thing for us to try and avert a war, but it's quite another for us to take it on ourselves to trigger an invasion that's going to get a lot of people killed. It's not our place to decide who lives and who dies. We're not gods. Can you hear yourself? That's precisely the kind of thinking that makes people afraid of us. It's not ours to make. We presented our case to Starfleet Command. They rejected it. Case closed. I'm not going to be a party to treason. No. Haven't you been listening? Computer. Computer, respond. (He notices Sarina.) Sarina, where is everyone? Did they arrange a meeting with the Dominion? Listen, we have to stop them before it's too late. Untie me. Please, Sarina. You don't want the deaths of so many people on your hands. It's Jack, isn't it? Are you worried what he'll think? I've seen the way you look at him when you think no one's watching. I know how much you care, but if you don't let me stop them, you know what's going to happen? They're going to be arrested and charged with treason and you're never going to see any of them again. You're never going to see Jack again. [Corridor] (Our trio meet a passer-by.) Hello, everyone. Well, why don't we all go back to your quarters and I will explain it to you. You're in enough trouble already, Jack. Don't make it any worse. Now we can do this the easy way or the hard way. It's up to you. [Storage bay] Captain Sisko has decided not to press charges. You won't be going to prison. Nothing bad. You'll be going back to the Institute together. I kept you from committing treason. We don't know that. Maybe our projections were wrong. What do you make of that, Jack? Why didn't you anticipate that? Why didn't you factor her into your equation? Because you thought you knew everything, but you didn't even know what was going to happen in this room. One person derailed your plans. One person changed the course of history. Now, I don't know about you, but that makes me think that maybe, just maybe, things may not turn out the way we thought. [Quark's] (Bashir is sitting in a quiet corner.) Yeah. Luckily I managed to intercept them in time. Fortunately this doctor is also a Starfleet Officer. We thought we were so smart. We thought we could predict the future. It's my fault, not theirs. I should never have let things go so far. If I hadn't been so bent on trying to prove to the world that they had something to contribute. We can only hope. Not this time. I'll double down. Maybe there's a better bet, but sometimes when the odds are so stacked against you, you've just got to take a chance. Go ahead. Oh, thanks. I didn't think you'd want to see me again. What? Oh, yes, I'd like that. (to Sarina) You did the right thing, you know. One of these day he'll understand that. So, you ready to go? I can't think of anything I'd like better. Bashir to O'Brien. Four to beam out. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
If this security programme thinks there's been some kind of worker revolt, then it must think this station is still under Cardassian rule, so it's probably waiting for us to enter an emergency code. Now what? There must be some kind of general dampening field in place. It must be disrupting communications. The Cardassians don't miss a trick, do they? You know, I've been here nearly three years and I was just finally starting to think of this place as home. No, there's not much chance of that, is there. [Security office] Jadzia! (Dax's hands are burned) Get me a medkit. Easy, Jadzia. I have to take a look. They're second degree burns but I don't think there's any neural damage. This should relieve the pain. Have you tried using your code to shut down the security programme? Garak, do you know a way we can stop this neurocine gas? No, wait a minute. He's right. The neurocine gas is released through the life support system. Destroy it and we save everyone in the habitat ring. Well, that gives us twelve hours to regain control of this station. How do your hands feel? Good. I wish I could have done more, but I won't be able to repair the damaged tissue until we can get you to the Infirmary. The question is, can we disconnect the sensors without getting anyone else hurt. You, Garak. Just wondering how many other tailors can rewrite Cardassian security protocols? What's wrong? Meaning what? The answer, Major, is no. Well, can you help us or not? Garak! But now that the computer's wiped out the access codes, not even a Cardassian can get out of this room. Garak, this isn't helping.
The Gallamite. Jadzia dated him. That's him. Personally, I don't know what Jadzia ever saw in that man. Did he know who you were? But when he found out, I bet he laid on the charm. The man's insufferable. He's opinionated and arrogant. If you say so. (Kira enters.) What could she be thinking?
What have we got? We should have beamed the wounded directly to the Infirmary. Kai Winn? Put a pressor field on that artery. All right. Clamp off the artery and then increase the plasma level to maximum. Clear. (Jolt) Clear. (Jolt) He can't take much more of that. I see it. Two cc's cordrazine. Do it. (She does.) Synaptic failure. Apply direct neuro-stimulation to the brainstem. [Commander's office] (Sisko brings Winn a drink.) I'm sorry. The radiation severely damaged his neural pathways. I did everything I could. No. I don't think he suffered. Kira. I think they can get along without you in Ops today. Release the stasis field. Let's begin with a neural scan. I want to map his central axonal pathways, find out where the breakdown began. Looks like the damage began in the parietal lobe, spread through the rest of the brain in a retrograde manner. (Something flashes on the screen) Wait a minute. A neuron just fired in his cerebral cortex. There it is again. His nerves. His nerves are still transmitting electrical impulses to his brain I don't know but it means his body's still capable of sending messages to the brain, even though the brain can't process them. The radiation he was exposed to might have fortified his peripheral cell membranes. If we can regenerate his pathways with his own neuron cells, we might be able to revive him. But he's been in stasis for most of that time. That, combined with the strengthening of his cell membranes might buy us the time we need. (Later) We'll have to direct a burst of electrical energy into his cerebral cortex. If the burst is the proper intensity, it should create a cascade effect within the brain and the neurons might resume their normal firing pattern. Okay. Let's close up the cranial cavity. (Later) The neurogenic stimulator is in place. Let's try a fifty millivolt burst. (Twitch) Increase it to sixty. (Twitch) Seventy. If I'm right, the inaprovaline drug I gave him should provide additional resistance against the excess electro-stimulation. Seventy. (Jerk, gasp.) Well, it's a little early to tell, but I'm hoping he'll make a full recovery. He should be back on his feet again in a few weeks. Well, I and the Prophets, were lucky that the ionising radiation left a residual signature on Bareil's axonal pathways. That's what really made this possible. Wait a minute. Bareil's in no condition to conduct negotiations. I'll allow it as long as your visits don't tire him. In order to revive you, I had to flood your nervous system with neurogenic radiation. Unfortunately, this has caused some kind of selective vaso-constriction of your arteries. The result is an inadequate blood flow to your internal organs. We'd like to place you back into stasis, do some research on your condition. I don't know yet. Days, weeks even months. Maybe. I realize how important these talks are to Bajor, but as your physician my duty is to you first. There is an experimental drug called Vasokin which would increase the blood flow to your organs and might enable you to function normally for a while. But there is a great deal of risk attached. In twenty two percent of cases, Vasokin has severely damaged the patient's lungs, kidneys, even heart. Sometimes the brain. In your condition, it could even be fatal. Yes. But why risk your life for a few days? All right. We'll start this afternoon. I only hope we don't regret this. He's had enough. Listen to me. I don't care about your negotiations, and I don't care about your treaty. All I care about is my patient, and at the moment he needs more medical care and less politics. Now, you can either leave here willingly or I'll call security and have you thrown out. As I feared, the Vasokin has already damaged your internal organs. I can replace the damaged organs with artificial implants, but as long as you're taking the drug I can't guarantee that the damage won't spread. I think you should reconsider letting me put you in stasis. It hadn't occurred to me. Yet. The organ replacement surgery went well. He's still unconscious, but he should be awake within the hour. That's why I'm here. When you see Bareil, I want you to tell him that you don't need him, that you can complete these negotiations without him. I realise that. But I want you to tell him that you don't. I'm asking you to free Bareil of his obligations to you. The only way he'll accept that is if you tell him he's no longer needed, that you can go on without him. Now, if that's a lie, then so be it. I'm a doctor first. And right now, I'm trying to give my patient his best chance to live. The only way to do that is to put him in stasis. Bareil knows that, but his desire to complete these negotiations is so strong that he's forcing me to keep him conscious and mentally alert, even though it may kill him. Yes. As the patient, it is his right to make that choice. But I'm asking you to help me change his mind. Eminence, you're the Kai. These are your negotiations. Let this be your moment in history. Finish the talks on your own and you won't have to share the credit with anyone. Of course. If the talks fail, you'll need someone to accept the blame. A scapegoat. You're a coward. You're afraid to stand alone. Neither will I. [Sisko's quarters] (Dinnertime) What happened? Two cc's morphenolog. It's all right, it's all right. You're getting help. You're getting help. I thought I made it clear there were to be no visitors for the next three hours. And you just couldn't wait to hear them, could you. His left temporal lobe is showing signs of massive synaptic failure. Well, I hope you got all the advice you needed, Eminence, because the Vasokin has damaged his brain and that damage is irreversible. [Commander's office] Not in his present condition. It's hard to say with any certainty. There's still a great deal about the way the brain operates we don't understand. One of my professors at medical school used to say that the brain had a spark of life that can't be replicated. If we begin to replace parts of Bareil's brain with artificial implants, that spark may be lost. With all due respect, your Eminence, you're hardly an impartial observer here. You have a personal interest in these talks. One man's life is all I'm concerned with at the moment. Kira, if I go through with this, the man who wakes up may not be the man you used to know. The positronic implant is functioning normally. The mid-brain interface is online and he's awake. [Operating theatre] I'm sorry. I guess I'm sort of casting a pall over this gathering. Frankly, I can't imagine what I've done deserves a celebration. I'm sorry, Nerys, but this is where it ends. I won't remove whatever last shred of humanity Bareil has left. Nerys, if I remove the rest of his brain and replace it with a machine, he may look like Bareil, he may even talk like Bareil, but he won't be Bareil. The spark of life will be gone. He'll be dead. And I'll be the one who killed him. That's right, he will. But he'll die like a man, not a machine. Please, don't make me fight you on this one. Just let him go. All brain activity should cease within the next three hours. Of course. (Bashir and the nurse leave.)
I've been filling out reports for Starfleet Medical. Smart. How's it going? Do you have to keep that on all the time? She doesn't know you're listening, Miles. You're not comforting her by keeping the channels open and driving yourself crazy. I think I'll leave you two alone. Captain, Doctor Bashir, Chief Medical Officer. Your message said that you were on a L class planet. Are you sure? How much triox do you have left? Will you to decrease the dosage, Captain, to eight cc's every six hours. We need to stretch your supply as long as possible. You will begin to experience the effects of hypoxia. But before that happens, the triox compound will have strengthened your cardiopulmonary system, allowing you to better withstand the effects. Yes, I'm afraid so. Ah ha. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. What? Captain, what's going on? Captain Cusak, can you hear me? Hello? Hello? God. Who is this? What have you done? What? You have my sincere apologies. I was carried away with my work. You're right. You're absolutely right. I don't know what I was thinking. You now have my complete attention. You're not doomed. Oh, what should I talk about? I graduated second in my class in fact. I get the feeling it's going to take me some hours to crawl out of this rather sizeable hole I've dug for myself. Excuse me, but it's eighteen hundred hours. Afraid so. No work tonight. I managed to catch up with all my paperwork this afternoon, thank you very much. Well, you've answered the next question I was going to ask you, which is, how are you feeling? I can hear that you're in your usual acerbic good mood. Tell me. Captain Cusak's run out of triox. She's beginning to feel the effects of CO2 poisoning. So did I, but it apparently the last vial was tainted somehow, probably in the crash. No more than two days. We need more speed. We're a long way from the front lines out here, Worf. The chances of meeting a Dominion ship are negligible. She'll die if we do not get to her faster. Captain Cusak just lost consciousness. She's in the last stages of CO2 poisoning. If she's got any chance at all, we have to get her to Sickbay in the next forty five minutes. Could we beam through it? Unlikely, but not impossible. Secondary navcomp online. I'm not showing any lifesign. Wait, I've found the crash site and the cave. Yes. It's going to be tight. We've to get her in the shuttle and back on the ship in twenty minutes. [Cave] (They land in a thunderstorm. Water is pouring through the cave roof.) Still no life readings. Over here. (It's a skeleton in a uniform) It was a human female. Fifty one years of age at the time of death. Cause of death, carbon dioxide poisoning. Three years and two months. But all the evidence fits. Age, rank, the way she died. Then when you sent the return signal? So what do we do now? (slightly drunk) I just wanted to say that although I only spoke with her for a very short time, I really admired Lisa Cusak. I cared about her and I'll miss her. And another thing. Contrary to public opinion, I am not the arrogant, self absorbed, god like doctor that I appear to be on occasion. (pause) Why don't I hear anybody objecting to that statement? I insist. Thank you, Miles Edward O'Brien. No, I have a heart, and I really care about all of you, even if sometimes it would appear that I care more about my work. To the woman that taught me that it is sometimes necessary to say these things. Lisa Cusak.
Sir, I've finally managed to reconstruct the victim's DNA. It's definitely Aquino, but the power flow in the conduit didn't kill him. You see, the plasma disruption in his cellular membranes indicates that he was exposed to a directed energy discharge before he was placed in the conduit. The analysis proves he was killed the night before Vedek Winn arrived. There wasn't any school issue yet.
Looks like a second degree plasma burn. The dermal regenerator should take care of it. (Tumak recoils from Bashir, so Haneek gives the regenerator to Kira) I assure you, I will not hurt him. All of them? How so? The T-Rogorans? Who are they?
He's been hit by weapons fire. It's severe. We've got to get him to cryostasis. He's dead. Station log, Stardate 46922.3. We have identified the dead Klingon his name was Hon'Tihl, First Officer of the Toh'Kaht. Why he died, and the cause of his ship's destruction, is still unknown. [Ops] I found tritanium alloy fragments in his chest and upper arms. If that was all, we could have saved him, but those weapon burns were too severe. I'm running a microtissue analysis right now. I should have the results in a couple of hours. Welcome back, Constable. How do you feel? Good. Because I have no way to know. Your body chemistry defies analysis. Like I said, you tell me. I don't know what caused it, and I couldn't tell you if it'll happen again. In fact, there's really nothing more I can do here. Tell me, Odo, Do you share my concern about this Valerian situation? I think you know what I mean. Just don't be surprised if the uneasy alliance on this station starts to show a few cracks. Commander Sisko and Kira. Mark my words, there's going to be trouble. Very clever, Constable. But you're probably right. It's still too early to commit oneself either way. Unless you'd like to pour yourself through my phoretic analyser. I'd love to see the results. It'll take effect in two minutes. Plenty of time to get a good (Odo enters) Plenty of time for you to get a good night's sleep. Chronic insomnia. I think it's hormonal. So, how are you? Of course. You know, Odo, events have been moving rapidly since our last conversation. I'd advise you to choose sides now or risk finding yourself without any friends at all. He's still dead, if that's what you mean. (Odo takes Bashir by the shoulders) How? Well, I found nothing very unusual. The columnar cells in his brain stem, perhaps. The membrane permeability was off. Any number of things. If those archives were contained in a self-sustaining energy matrix, that could explain the changes in the Klingon's brain. Possibly. What are you getting at? An interesting theory, Constable, but I'm certainly not behaving out of the ordinary. Do you think we could use this to our advantage? Tell me your plan. But then we'd lose our advantage. I see your point. If I could determine the natural resonance frequencies of this telepathic field, I might be able to generate an interference signal which could force it out. Well done. You certainly fooled her, didn't you, Constable. I'm just about finished. I've set up an ionic interference signal in cargo bay four, calibrated to lock onto the resonance frequencies of the telepathic field and drive it out of all those affected. It'll remain suspended as long as the interference is in effect.
I know what you're implying, Major, and I don't like it. It doesn't make sense. What would he do with photon warheads? You're suggesting that Miles O'Brien took his wife on a romantic vacation as an excuse to deliver warheads to the Maquis? I don't believe it. Commander! So we can prove it wasn't O'Brien who entered the weapons locker? Talking to him. And recording his voice, perhaps? Computer, lights. (No response so he tries a panel. Nothing happens.) There's nothing here you could want. That's right. One of us? You're from the Maquis. Why should I believe you? How do I know that you're not just trying to protect him? Who else would want photon warheads? (But he's talking to himself) [Cardassia] For example, why you haven't spoken to your parents in eight years. That's not what they told us. All of it seemed to happen shortly after Setlik Three. (Boone tries to leave and is held by deputies.) Bring him over here. [Courtroom] (The court is in recess)
I can't be sure. I could, but first I'd like to talk about slowing down the progress of the disease with a series of nadion bursts. A week. Maybe two with the nadion therapy. Let me emphasise, Odo, that I haven't given up hope and it's very important that you don't give up either. I'll do everything I can. (Kira leaves.) No, thank you. sir. I have everything I need. Miles. We're trying to lure someone from Section Thirty One here to the station. We believe that he became infected three years ago when he underwent medical examination at Starfleet Headquarters. Miles wanted to tell you, sir, but I ordered him not to. It's my fault. We have no proof. Besides I knew that if we told you what we suspected, you'd feel obliged to inform Starfleet Command. And once you did that, Section Thirty One would realise that we were onto them and go even deeper into hiding. There came a point when I had to admit that my research was going nowhere. I couldn't find a cure here in the lab. So Miles and I decided to look for one within Section Thirty One itself. So a few days ago I sent a false message to Starfleet Medical informing them that I had indeed found a cure. We capture him or her, find out everything they know about the disease, who's involved, and maybe even where to find the cure. I managed to get my hands on a Romulan memory scanner, sir. Yes, sir. I do too. But I'm afraid it's the only shot Odo has. [Quark's] (O'Brien walks past a closed Quarks and notices Bashir is throwing darts inside. He enters.) No. The lock isn't that complex. What are you doing up? I was trying to read, but I kept reading the same page over and over again. It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. I was enjoying it too, except tonight my mind was elsewhere. Section Thirty One I kept thinking just how many people had to be involved in the conspiracy to infect him with the disease. Computer experts, doctors, security officers, admirals, clerks. In the end, I came up with at least seventy three people. This organisation, this thing that's slithered its way into the heart of the Federation, has to be destroyed. (Bashir throws his darts so hard the board surrenders.) All right. Sure. Let's sleep lightly tonight. Section Thirty One may still fall for the trap and show up. Lights. I didn't think I'd ever see you again. Really? What a coincidence, because I have an assignment for you. (He hits a control by the bedhead and a forcefield comes on around Sloan.) Frankly, I don't care how you feel. Bashir to O'Brien. Mister Sloan is here. I have him in the containment field. Good. Bashir out. Why, the same thing you want. The cure to Odo's disease. Which I'm happy to see you swallowed. Oh, I'm not interested in turning you over to anyone. Hello again. Somehow I didn't expect you to come here of your own volition. Don't listen to him, Chief. He's just playing games with you. What? They'll be killed? I'm disappointed in you, Sloan. You don't usually wield such a blunt instrument. I told you what's going on. I'm going to find a cure for Odo's disease and you're going to help me. You came here because you thought I'd discovered a cure and you wanted to destroy it. But first you'd have to find it in my lab. And in order to do that you'd have to know exactly what it was you were looking for. Oh, no, no, no, Sloan. That would be too sloppy. You like surgical precision. You came here to destroy the cure, so somewhere in that brain of yours is the information that I want. No. I expect you to resist to the bitter end. Remember these? Romulan mind probes. They're not the most pleasant of devices, but they're very efficient. Oh, I hope you can appreciate the irony of that statement. (Bashir puts the blinkies on Sloan's forehead.) Then I won't find anything, will I? I'm afraid the choice is no longer yours. Damn! He's trying to kill himself. He's activated a neuro-depolarising device in his brain. I have to stabilise him before he does irreversible damage. The cure for Odo dies with him. (After the break.) Well, he's stable for now. But the neuro-depolariser did damage his brain. Even on full life support, his higher cortical functions will fail within the next hour. We had him cornered and he knew it. He just couldn't let one of Section Thirty One's darkest secrets get away from him. The frustrating thing is the cure's still in there somewhere. His memory pathways have been scrambled, probably to prevent someone from doing just that. There must be some way to retrieve that data. Miles, I need a multitronic engrammatic interpreter. Oh, it'll work. (Later again.) I've already done the diagnostics, Miles, in my head. (Sloan is now hooked up to the gizmo by a band around the forehead.) The neural interface will then provide a basic pattern to my hippocampal nuclei. You just have to trust me, Chief. I know what I'm doing. The entire experience will be processed into images and sounds that my conscious mind can comprehend. In essence, I will see the neuronal pathways in Sloan's brain as literal pathways or streets or corridors or something. As strange as it sounds, it may be just that simple. Or it may be a good deal more surrealistic. I may wind up in memories of Sloan's childhood. I won't know that till I'm in there. We don't know what the conscious mind can perceive this close to brain death. (O'Brien hands Bashir a second headband.) One of the advantages to being genetically enhanced is the ability to control my own vital signs. When I find a cure and I want to get out, I'll send my hypothalamus a signal to raise my blood pressure forty percent, and the equipment will automatically break the link. Worst case scenario, I die with him I suppose. But I think that's a manageable risk. What? You just want to come because you don't want Captain Sisko to find out what we're doing. I'd better get another bed. (And so he does.) Sloan's brain's going to die in about forty three minutes. We have that long to get in, find the cure and get out. The analyser's online. Are you ready? Miles. I'm not sure. We're in Sloan's mind. Remember? Yes. This turbolift is just an abstraction. I don't know, but we're not wasting any time getting there. (The turbolift speeds up and starts shaking.) Aren't you glad you came along? So what do you think? Are you sure? You mean we can let go? Well what? You first. All right, we'll let go together. See? Nothing to worry about. Good question. (The doors open to reveal Sloan in casual clothes.) Well, we're glad you're happy, Sloan. Now tell us how to cure Odo and we can all be happy. We're not going anywhere till you give us the cure. We're not playing games, Sloan. Then tell us. Why? Yes. And thank you. I'm very glad to have been helpful. But if you don't mind? Don't look at me for explanations. [Corridor] (Outside the 'wardroom' it's no longer a station corridor.) Knew what? Twenty three minutes and eleven seconds. That leaves us less than twenty minutes to find a cure and get out. What's your point, Miles? Now what? We're looking for Sloan. Damn it. We don't have time for this. We need to speak to Sloan! (The agent shoots Bashir in the shoulder.) That really hurt. Do I look all right? Sloan's mind must be sending sensory stimuli into ours, causing us to experience pain, just as we would had we really been shot. Of course, that's just a theory. I can't. I just tried the hypothalamic feedback loop. I must be too weak. I know that. But I've been shot. At least my body thinks I have. I'm sorry. It does look that way. Why worry her? She'll understand. She'll know you did it for me. That's ridiculous. Well maybe you do, a bit more. Of course you love her. She's your wife. I'm just saying maybe you like me a bit more, that's all. You spend more time with me. We have more in common. Darts, racquetball, Vic's lounge, the Alamo. Need I go on? And I love Ezri. Passionately. Yes. Not yet. But I will. When I'm ready. It's just that I like you a bit more. See? There, I've admitted it. What's that? (There's a very bright light at the end of the corridor.) What tunnel? It is. I must say I'm a bit disappointed. I expected it to be more elaborate. What's the point? Like Travis and Crockett. How's Miles? No, I'm afraid not. I'm going to have to go back in. He can't die. Not yet! Get me cordrazine. Ten milligrams. Cortical stimulator. You're not getting away from me that easily, Sloan. Increase the resonance frequency, ten percent. I can see that. Fifteen milligrams neurotropan. Come on, Sloan. Come on back. No! And so's any hope of curing Odo. [Infirmary private ward] I'm sorry, Odo. I wish I had better news. Is there anything I can do to make you more comfortable? Of course. [Infirmary] You know. Better than I would've. No. I know, I know. I did all I could. But it's small comfort, isn't it. [Bashir's bedroom] (On the bed, he opens A Tale of Two Cities at the bookmark, and is puzzled.) It was the best of times. [O'Brien's quarters] That's right. So why is it there on page two hundred and ninety four? It can't be. Ezri loaned it to me. And before that it was Jadzia's and I know for a fact that she read it. Oh, forget about that. Don't you see what's going on? No, she isn't. It's Sloan. We're still inside his mind. No, she isn't. Sloan is drawing on our memories, making us think we're back on the station. That's why the book's incomplete, because I haven't finished reading it. He couldn't fill in the rest of the story. We must have been close to finding it. Sloan's dying. His mind's shutting down. We haven't got much time. [Corridor] (Big rumbles throw them against the bulkheads, but on they go.) This is it! I can tell. [Sloan's office] (Button 48 opens the door to reveal a room with pieces of paper all over the floor. Sloan is reclining in his desk chair.) Sloan? You know exactly why we're here. I'm collecting medical information, not surveillance reports. Former President Inyo? My God. Thirty One had a man in his cabinet. Current operations on Kronos. Chancellor Martok would love to get his hands on this. Radodine, lidestolinine, asporanine, adenine. That's it. (Big rumble and sparks.) Hold on a moment. These files, they contain all of Sloan's memories on Section Thirty One. With this information we can destroy the entire organisation. He's right. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. We can't pass it up. What? I don't think so. [Science lab] Ezri, you look beautiful. I think so, but there's only one way to know for sure. Sloan? Right. [Infirmary private ward] (Bashir loads a hypo.) I should warn you, you may feel some discomfort. It's going to be painful. His morphogenic matrix needs a little time to heal, but he should be his old self again in a couple of days. This is older than I am. To aging, gracefully. Wow. We'll never know now, will we. But one thing's for sure. Sloan knew he had the perfect bait, that I wouldn't be able to resist it. There was one thing he failed to consider. You. To Miles Edward O'Brien. This late? That's why you love her. Sure. (Bashir casually throws his last dart from the doorway. Bullseye.)  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
That makes a welcome change. Well, I'm not worried. If you look hard enough, you'll find a Bajoran prophecy for just about anything. The Ancient Texts are a tangle of vague contradictions. Don't say me you believe in this stuff, too? (Quark brings their drinks.) Extended it? For tomorrow we die. Who knows? The rest of the tablet probably says go to Quark's. It's happy hour. Oh, this is ridiculous. Nothing's going to happen. Someday we're going to look back on this and laugh. (There's a rumble and the station shakes.) How did that Prophecy go again? [Replimat] You can't be serious. You don't have to. If you ramp up the chroniton levels slowly, it'll give the wormhole alien a chance to leave Kira's body without getting hurt. What if the Prophets lose? Are you willing to sacrifice Kira? He'll be laid up for a few days, but he'll all right. Oh, yes.
He should be all right in a few days. I've neutralised the psychotropic compound that was affecting his nervous system. In a way, he's not. The drug brought out the worst parts of him and allowed them to take over. He wasn't in control of his actions. For a minute.
I managed to save the Dax symbiont. There was nothing I could do for Jadzia. (The Pah wraith leaving Dukat and the wormhole collapsing in on itself.) Always. Hopefully not that close. He always glares at you. Thank you. Good. Look, Worf, if this has anything to do with what just happened in the mess hall. Quark, would you please keep quiet. Such as? Excellent. Now, let's trigger that solar ejection and get out of here. We might not have time. There are three Jem'Hadar ships are approaching bearing zero zero five mark one nine zero. It's working. I'm sure she does. Who's that?
Yes, and you're drinking Rokassa juice again, aren't you, Garak. The odour is unmistakable. You know, I've always wondered about that. About who your steady customers really are. I can't imagine Bajorans frequenting a shop run by a Cardassian. Ah. And perhaps your expertise and willingness to serve go so far as to establish a certain trust between you and your customers? And once they trust you, they're much more open with you, and they tell you things. A doctor. Plain, simple Garak? That was odd. Do you know him? I'm sorry I'm late. The damnedest thing just happened. Garak the tailor was attacked. At the Replimat. He was bitten on the hand. Actually, it was a boy. A Cardassian boy. He's just arrived on a Bajoran transport with an adult Bajoran who says he's his father. Garak was only trying to be friendly. The boy seemed terrified of him on sight. It would appear as if you have this game all figured out. Bashir. Yes. Luckily there were no broken bones. I've never seen a boy take a bite out of a man's hand like that. Do you know the family well? Do you? You were a witness. I just want to get my facts right for the medical report. Frankly, I don't understand your attitude. All I asked was if you know them well. Did you find anything troubling? Hello, Rugal. Actually, something good did come out of all of this, Garak. If it hadn't happened, we never would have discovered Rugal's situation. And a bite on the hand is certainly worth saving a boy's life, wouldn't you say? Perhaps it might even help Gul Dukat in his efforts to resolve the entire war orphan predicament. Gul Dukat. He called Commander Sisko right after this happened. Apparently he was quite concerned with your well-being. You never mentioned you were friends. He wants to bring them all home from Bajor. Am I missing something? Excuse me, Gul Dukat. I have a question. Yes. Isn't it true you were in charge of the evacuation of Bajor? Then it would have been your responsibility to ensure that these orphans were in fact part of that evacuation, yet you chose to leave them behind. Why? Ordered? By whom? Excuse me, but if I understand the Cardassian political system correctly, the civilian leaders have no direct authority over military officers. Your old friend, Garak. He's lying. I have Garak. He seems to think there's more going on here than we realise. I'm not sure. He doesn't actually tell me what he really thinks. I sort of have to deduce it. I'm sorry, Commander. It just seemed an opportune I'm not really sure. I don't think he likes Dukat very much. Yes, sir. [O'Brien's quarters] (Rugal is reading a PADD) Going? Going where? No, sir. I need to use a runabout. It's Garak, sir. He wants to go to Bajor. He wouldn't tell me. It can't just be a coincidence, sir. Garak must have heard about Pa'Dar before he woke me up. What could he be looking for on Bajor? Excuse me, is this the Tozhat Resettlement Centre? I'm Doctor Bashir from the Federation command at Deep Space Nine. I've been trying to find some information on a Cardassian war orphan who was apparently placed for adoption here. The boy's name is Rugal, and the Bajoran who adopted him is named Proka Migdal. Yes, exactly what are we trying to find out about them? Look, can we just check your computers? You can fix computers? I continue to underestimate you, Garak. You carry this everywhere with you, do you? What's not there? You managed to find eight year old files that quickly? I'm not going to any other district until I know. That'll be thousands of files. Computer, disregard that request and shut down all engines. But you do play the game, don't you, Garak. And there is a game being played right now, as we speak, isn't there. The trouble is, I don't have the slightest idea what this game is about. So you're going to tell me what's going on inside that plain and simple head of yours, my Cardassian friend, or we're going to sit here until we rot! Gul Dukat said it was a decision made by your civilian leaders. Rugal's father? You're saying Kotan Pa'Dar was involved in the decision to evacuate Bajor? Which makes him a political enemy of Gul Dukat's. Who lost his job as Prefect when they withdrew. Another coincidence? Don't tell me you've decided you were wrong. Not after searching seven thousand, four hundred and twenty files for a misspelling. Than what? Do you really think he purged the file on Rugal? There was something in that file he didn't want anybody to see. How do you ever hope to find him? Her? How do you know? You do? Are you sure his name was Rugal? Somebody told you his name? A Cardassian military officer, by any chance? A woman? Commander, can I ask O'Brien a few questions? Chief, didn't Pa'Dar tell you about the humiliation he feels right now? Has the news of your son's discovery become public knowledge on Cardassia? What happens when it is revealed? That's a shame. Especially considering the timing. Isn't there an inquiry about to begin concerning the Cardassians who were involved in the attempted military coup on Bajor? And isn't Gul Dukat one of the key witnesses in that inquiry? All right, let's talk about children. Have you ever been to the Tozhat Resettlement Centre on Bajor where Rugal was adopted? Of course, Tozhat is the province where Pa'Dar was stationed eight years ago. I've been trying to find records of Rugal's adoption, but they're missing from the files. Yes, but we have found someone who was working at the centre at the time Rugal was brought in. Do you know a Bajoran social volunteer named Jomat Luson? Jomat Luson remembers Rugal being brought in by a Cardassian military officer. A woman who seemed familiar with him. Even knew his name. The question is whether or not this officer deliberately left the son of Kotan Pa'Dar at the Relocation Centre with full knowledge that he was not an orphan. Perhaps even with the hopes of humiliating Pa'Dar someday. Would you happen to know then of a base known during the occupation as Terok Nor? Jomat Luson clearly recalls that the officer who brought in Rugal was attached to Terok Nor. (Dukat looks Garak right in the eyes and heads for the door) Gul Dukat! Who was the commanding office at Terok Nor eight years ago? (Dukat leaves) For the record, the commanding office of Terok Nor eight years ago was Gul Dukat. Station log, stardate 47178.3. After long and difficult deliberations, I have decided to allow Pa'Dar to take his son back to Cardassia. Although I am convinced his Bajoran foster parents treated him with love, Rugal has been the clear victim in this conspiracy. I believe it's time for his healing to begin. [Promenade] But there's one more question I haven't figured out, Garak. Why did you want to expose Dukat? What's the truth about you and him? You're not going to tell me.
Morn came by the Infirmary this afternoon. He had an acute case of food poisoning. Well he said he had a bad glass of Kanar at Quark's. Apparently it was on the house. I'll see you later.
Maybe he just wanted to see you in your dress uniform. It does show off your figure.
Wait, wait, wait a second. Are you telling me you agreed with General Yiri's decision to execute his brother? The evidence is all circumstantial. I suppose that's one way of looking at it. But then again, before you can be loyal to another, you must be loyal to yourself. Actually, it was Bashir of Earth. Would you? Well, assuming you're not a spy Then maybe you're an outcast? How could you be both?
Jadzia. Worf. We've been looking for you. I've been thinking about this trip you're taking to Risa. Oh, you'll have it. Commander. I promise we will keep out of your hair. I hope this isn't going to be a problem. It's a horga'hn. A Risian fertility symbol. I'll show you later. When in Rome. [Risa - lawn] (Our group beam down to a lush green area in their beachwear, except for Worf who is still in uniform.) Well, enjoy your vacation. I may be wrong, but didn't he just insult us? Does he really believe that? What are you talking about? Come on, Worf. This sounds like nonsense. None of this has anything to do with Risa. I told you this was just what we needed. Something wrong? You mean, we didn't tell you why we came here? We're conducting the Rite of Separation. A very wise and ancient culture. I know exactly what you mean. Excuse us. We have a few details to work out. (Leeta and Bashir leave) What was one is now two. (He drinks.) And may they walk with you always. (They lean in as if to kiss then turn their faces away at the last moment.) What were you expecting? Personally, I think it was admirable. No incriminations, no hurt feelings. I don't think I've ever felt this good about the end of a relationship. What does that mean? Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You brought it up. You might as well tell me who it is. His brother Rom? Cute? I probably would've reacted the same way Worf did. I know Arandis is Curzon's lover, not yours, but if I'd walked in on the two of you together? Well, trying to figure you out at any given time isn't easy. So do I. It's the reason why I chased after her so long. It's also why I stopped chasing after her. You're too much work. Why? I never thought I'd say this, but I'm with Quark. (Flash, bang!) Are you serious? Commander, with all due respect, are you out of your mind?
Do you know what happened to the Cairo? I can't believe the Romulans allow them to violate their territory so brazenly. Why do they get away with it? What we need is to bring the Romulans into the war on our side. With the combined forces of the Federation, the Klingons and the Romulans we could finally go on the offensive. Sit still, Quark. You'll be fine. He'll be fine. His ribs deflected the knife from his major organs. The bleeding was superficial. I'll check on you tomorrow. (Bashir leaves.) Captain, biomimetic gel is an extremely dangerous compound, as you know. I can't release it without at least some idea of where it's going. In the wrong hands, it could be used to make biogenic weapons, or for illegal replication experiments, or to develop organic explosives Yes. I'd like this order in writing, please, sir. You should know that I shall note this in my log and file an official protest with Starfleet Medical. No one for me today. Friend? A friend of a friend between the two of us. Well, I know it sounds a bit strange, but I'd say we're off to a pretty good start today. On a diplomatic mission.
What do you think they're telling him? Badlands? Sounds like the perfect place for a hideout. Excuse me, sir. What do you plan to do if we catch up with them? After all, these Maquis are Federation colonists. Even if we have to fire on our own people? Those are human life signs. No, sir.
I guess it's true what they say. There is no place like home. No matter what colour the water is. You're more than welcome to come along. The entire senior staff was invited. Where are we? What happened to Starfleet Headquarters? How do you feel? Me too. Probably transporter shock. Disorienting, but it wears off quickly. I know one thing. We're definitely in San Francisco. I caught a glimpse of the Golden Gate Bridge a few blocks back. Do you know what happened to our comm. badges? She was caught in the transporter beam with us. Whatever affected us must have affected her too. And then what? What is this place? Twenty first century history is not one of my strong points. Too depressing. I assume this is one of those mistakes. Why are these people in here? Are they criminals? Then what did they do to deserve this? So they get put in here? Since we don't exist, why not let us go? Thank you very much. [Bridge] This is ridiculous. I mean, we've been here three hours and the line has barely moved at all. That's three words. Some of these people are mentally ill. They need proper medical treatment. What? What is it? I'm not sure I understand. Vaguely. That's only a few days from now. Just how bad are these riots going to be, Commander? Hundreds? And there's nothing we can do to prevent it. Starfleet's temporal displacement policy may sound good in the classroom, but to know that hundreds of people are going to die and to not be able to do a thing to save them Bell? And all of this is going to happen in the next few days. Gimmies? And what about the dims? Don't they need help? No. Actually we weren't planning on staying here very long. You mean we can't leave? Where are we supposed to stay while we're here? Ghosts? We're just looking for someplace to sleep. Let me guess. This building is full. Every building we go to, it's the same story. They can't all be full. And once they were out of sight, what then? I mean, look at this man. There's no need for that man to live like that. With the right medication, he could lead a full and normal life. Not just in our time. There are any number of effective treatments for schizophrenia, even in this day and age. They could cure that man now, today, if they gave a damn. That only makes things worse. Causing people to suffer because you hate them is terrible, but causing people to suffer because you have forgotten how to care? That's really hard to understand. But it makes you wonder, doesn't it? Are humans really any different than Cardassians or Romulans? If push comes to shove, if something disastrous happens to the Federation, if we are frightened enough, or desperate enough, how would we react? Would we stay true to our ideals or would we just stay up here, right back where we started? No, thanks. If we ever get home, I promise never to complain about the station's Cardassian beds ever again. Where is everybody? Why am I not surprised? Do you think there's a way out of here? Look, maybe we can make a deal. Isn't there something we could exchange in order to get access to the roof? Yeah, and we smell just as bad as everyone else too. (A boy is being tended by an older man. As he hears their footsteps he grabs a knife.) What happened? Well, why don't you let me take a look? I know a little bit about medicine. It can't hurt to just look. (Bashir sits next to the boy.) Hey, I'm just going to take a quick look here, okay? (He opens the shirt and checks the ribcage.) Does that hurt? Here? Looks like you've been lucky. No broken ribs and these cuts are mostly superficial. You're going to be okay. You're going to need some clean rags and something to disinfect these wounds. Alcohol should do. Okay, here we go. I don't really practice anymore. I'm sorry, but they'll have to get along without me. We do. And I thought the replimat lines were bad. By the time we get dinner, it'll be time for breakfast. You'd think that before they lock thousands of people into a twenty square block area, they'd give some thought to how those people are going to get fed. What for? Breathe, damn you. Breathe. He's gone. (The helicopter is overhead and alarms are sounding.) They're gone. If only I'd had my medkit. If only I'd got him to a hospital I might've been able to save him. But it wasn't enough, was it? A good man died because of us. And what about the hostages? What's going to happen to them? And if that happens, how is it going to affect the future? Not to mention a bath. [Chris's office] (Chris is finishing a phone call.) In two days, in front of the Processing Centre. Will you spread the word? That's five hundred people we've talked to today. Get away. Get away from him. What the hell do you think you're doing?
I only wish there was something I could do, Ambassador. Madam Ambassador. But all the guest quarters on the station are roughly the same size. All the quarters on the crew level are currently occupied. Commander Sisko is extremely busy. With the recalibration sweep. Everything. It's a sweeping recalibration of all systems. You would? After your long trip, I thought you might enjoy stopping by a holosuite? No. I, the holosuites are capable of many different Perhaps we should all just get some rest. Ambassador. Madam Ambassador, I'm only (A scream from the garishly dressed and be-wigged Betazoid at the dabo table) What's gone, Madam Ambassador? Quark! Someone has stolen Ambassador Troi's latinum hairbrooch. You'd have to stand on a chair to read that. Oh, thank goodness. Our Chief of Security, Odo. And this is Ops. They insisted on seeing Operations, sir. You'll get a better view from over here. (WHOOSH on the viewscreen) Quite a sight, isn't it? Well, yes, it is. The young woman over there has over three hundred years experience, Ambassador. I think it will be best if we clear this area. I'll show them the way. [Security office] (Odo is working as Lwaxana - in fresh clothes and wig - watches from the doorway) Another hour with them could destroy my career. Simple? Nothing makes them happy. They are dedicated to being unhappy and to spreading that unhappiness wherever they go. They are the Ambassadors of Unhappy. Have you, sir? Ah. So now you take the same perverse pleasure in doing it to me. May I ask, sir, when you graduated from this sort of assignment? Hit one. Yes, sir. (Bashir leaves) I'm sure it's just temporary. Chief O'Brien? One of the best in Starfleet. Well, you know, out here on the edge of the frontier, it's one adventure after another. Why don't I escort you back to your quarters where I'm sure we can all wait this out. [Turbolift] I will surely pass that on, Ambassador. (BOOM and a fireball heads their way) [Ops] Here, take my hand, Madam Ambassador. Watch your head. Just in the right place at the right time, sir. [Promenade] (The turbolift arrives. Odo exits looking fresh, and Lwaxana has her wig back on)
Just there. All right, I want phaser sweeps of everything in the Promenade. He's here somewhere. Let's find him. On three. One, two (Odo stops being the multi-lingual shop directory and puts his hand on Bashir's shoulder) Chief, I'm beginning to think there's no limit to the wonders you can perform. Thank you, Quark. Can we get a little yamok sauce for these sand peas? Quark? I don't hear a thing. Like what? But I thought I had that. Calm down, Quark. The Klingons are our allies. I can't believe you're not pressing charges. They broke seven of your transverse ribs and fractured your clavicle. Garak, this isn't funny. With the exception of the Betreka Nebula incident. That lasted eighteen years. Not like you? Impossible. Care for a game of darts? The object is to throw this dart and hit that board over there. Wait, wait, wait. What did she do? Lieutenant Commander Worf, this is Lieutenant Commander Jadzia Dax, and Major Kira Nerys, our first officer. So that means we're not going to warn the Cardassians? Sir, I hate to bring this up, but our agreement with the Romulans expressly prohibits use of the cloaking device in the Alpha Quadrant. Well, I won't tell the Romulans if you don't. [Ops] Are there any signs of survivors? Well that doesn't sound very honourable to me. But sir, if there are survivors Two decades of peace with the Klingons, and it all comes down to this. Understood. This will only take a minute. Your arm please. Just a simple blood screening. Then you have nothing to worry about. And I find you offensive. Now hold out your arm, or I'll have a security officer do it for you. [Bridge] The thing to remember is that the Klingons prefer to use their knives and bat'leths in close combat. So if we get boarded, you can expect severe lacerations, broken bones, and blunt force traumas. All I can say is, keep calm, remember your training and do the best that you can. Report to your posts. Constable. What can I do for you? Thanks, but I'd rather you didn't. I'm going to have wounded people in here. The last thing I need is a team of deputies having a firefight in my doorway. Well, hopefully it won't come to that. But if it does, I promise you I'll be ready. And while we're on the subject, Constable. I'm sure there's more than one Klingon who thinks that slaying a changeling would be worthy of a song or two. Maybe. I just don't want to have to listen to it. Watch your back. [Promenade] Any time. [Corridor] (Garak is using his disruptor while Dukat is having to use a bat'leth.) Poor Garak. Dukat's a hero, and Garak's still stuck in his tailor shop hemming trousers.
Can't they delay the convoy? I mean, if Captain Sisko is still alive, we have to give him every chance to I couldn't understand a word Kira said. Too much interference. Looks to me like we're on our own. What about you, Chief? Did you understand? You will forgive me if I don't consider your honour to be worth Captain Sisko's life.
You are constantly in my thoughts. I can't even I can't even concentrate. She was a poor substitute for you. A barely adequate substitute for you. Stop. You're driving a stake through my heart. No it won't. (Dax leaves) I've already tried it. [Ops] Jadzia! What are you doing here? I'm awake. Funny, I was about to ask you the same question. (Dax kisses him) It must be this Larosian virus that's been going around. How do you feel? No fever. It must be me. It must be me. It must be me. Must be an allergic reaction to the replicated antipasto I had at lunch. Perhaps, I must be hallucinating. Why am I fighting this? Why am I fighting this? I have no good answer to that question. Okay, I get it. Very funny. Did O'Brien put you up to this? Senior officers report to Ops. We all walk in, everybody has a good laugh at my expense. We'll see. [Ops] A pleasure, I'm sure. On the contrary, Major, he's quite real. They all seem to be. Not necessarily. Well, maybe. How could this sort of thing possibly happen? Please, I haven't got time for this. (Dax 2 vanishes) You were right. It is some kind of subspace disruption. The proton counts are going through the roof. I have the wave intensity analysis. Jadzia, I find this difficult to say, but I want you to know, I would I'm glad you understand. So we can put all this behind us? Good. The computer seems to be having trouble finding a match. No, er, well, I don't think so. Now, I never said that. She has a sense of humour, as, as I've always imagined you do. Just in the nick of time. The Hanoli system? I don't believe I know where that is. It's drawing in all the matter from the surrounding space. And Vulcans don't have the most active imaginations. You bet I am. If this doesn't work, nothing real or imagined is going to survive. Lie still, lie still. (to Buck) There's an emergency medical kit in the cabinet there. Get it. Shh. No, no. You didn't bother me Don't close your eyes. I want you awake. You have a nasty concussion. Dax! Dax! You're going to be fine.
Chief. It's me. I was pretty worried about you, too. She'll see you in a little while. I want to run some tests first, see what we're up against. As for everyone else, they send their best. They would have been here, but I didn't want you to get overwhelmed. You should take things easy for a while, get used to this place again. All right? Oh, absolutely. [Corridor] I can't imagine what it would have been like. Twenty years in that cell. In all that time, were you able to talk to anyone? See anyone? The bottom line is, there isn't much I can do. The Argrathi didn't just install memory implants. They ran Miles through a highly realistic time-compressed simulation of the prison experience. In his mind, he lived those twenty years. He reacted to everything that happened. He felt pain, fear, hatred. He made choices and decisions that affected the outcome. As a result, those memories are real. The only way I could rid him of the memories would be to wipe his entire memory clean, and clearly that isn't an option. Listen, Keiko, he's been through some terrible things in his life, as you know. During the war on Setlik Three. That time he was taken prisoner by the Paradans. During his trial on Cardassia Prime. And he's always survived. In the long run, he's going to be okay. It's just going to take some time. [Infirmary] Chief? (Ee'Char is with Bashir, then it is Keiko.) Ah, there you are, Chief. To be honest, yes. Counsellor Telnorri says that you haven't been in to see him in ten days. So, you're supposed to see him three times a week. You can talk to a different counsellor. Someone you might like better. Just like that? I'd have thought after being alone for twenty years, you'd want someone to talk to. I take it you talked to Captain Sisko. It's for the best, Miles. You're right. You were alone in that cell. I wasn't there with you. I didn't see what they did to you. But I do know you suffered and that you're still suffering right now. And I'm trying to help. You didn't need to ask. I'm your doctor and your friend. He's not dead. He just needs a little help, that's all. Chief? You don't want to do this, Chief. Look, I don't claim to know what you're going through, but whatever it is, it's not worth dying for. Protect us from what? But you didn't. You're a good man, Miles Edward O'Brien. And whatever it is you think you've done wrong, you don't deserve to die. Who's Ee'Char? (Ee'Char appears) A memory from Argratha? Who was he? Another prisoner? A guard? You told me you were alone in that cell. Twenty years with no one to talk to. What happened to him? [Argrathi cell - memory] (O'Brien looks like he did in the teaser, and he is finishing a lovely sand painting. Then he erases it in annoyance.) You killed him? But it was a mistake. You didn't mean it. No, no, no, no. An animal would've killed Ee'char and never had a second thought, never shed a tear. But not you. You hate yourself. You hate yourself so much you think you deserve to die. The Argrathi did everything they could to strip you of your humanity. And in the end, for one brief moment, they succeeded. But you can't let that brief moment define your entire life. If you do, if you pull that trigger, then the Argrathi will have won. They will have destroyed a good man. You cannot let that happen, my friend. (O'Brien lets Bashir take the phaser and reduce the power level.) Thirty milligrams twice a day. Take it religiously for a month, and if all goes well we'll experiment with a lower dosage. It's a treatment, not a cure. It'll prevent hallucinations, take the edge off the depression. But that's all it'll do. It won't take away the memories or the feelings. Well, that'll take time. Unless you want to talk to me. What are friends for? [O'Brien's quarters]
Have you ever seen the wormhole open? Have you ever seen the wormhole open?
If you feel that strongly, Miles, you can be Crockett. I'll be Travis. General Santa Anna. When can our costumes be ready? (Garak is too busy with a PADD to hear.) Garak? Our holosuite costumes. When can they be ready? What if we let you be Crockett? You've got to take a break sometime. That was a bit harsh. I wish I had an explanation, but I don't. He checks out fine. To be blunt, our friend Garak needs to have his head examined. [Guest quarters] (Ezri is standing on her head.) About what? About who? Oh, Ezri. She seems nice. Meaning nice. She's not Jadzia. Sounds to me like you're the one who's interested, Quark. It's not the same woman. More or less. You're insane. Two Fanalian toddies, hot. Lucky guess. Care to join me? So here we are. What was what? This might be the last thing you want to hear, but you have Jadzia's eyes. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything. I'm not. It was just an observation. Really? I always suspected. Yes, I suppose I always will. But somehow, talking to you seems to help. (Worf sees them holding hands.) Go ahead. I'm on my way. [Airlock] (Bashir and Ezri arrive to see Garak trying to get into the biggest open space available - space itself.) Garak! What's he doing in there? Hold still. I think I've got something. (It's a feather.) Tympanic tickle? Never mind. I don't want to know. Hold still. I'm going to get you some antibiotics. (In the dispensary area, a hand lands on Bashir's shoulder.) About what? (Worf pushes Bashir up against the bulkhead.) That was a long time ago. Jadzia? No, you've got it all wrong. Now wait just a minute. You have no right to tell me who I can be friends with. Well, I'm glad they made you a lieutenant. It would have been hard taking advice from an ensign.
That's only a few days from now. Get away. Get away from him. The police will drop snipers on the roofs across the street, pick us off one by one. Leave her alone. She's just scared. Listen, calm down. No one's going to hurt you. It's not just them I'm worried about, it's you. Didn't you say Gabriel Bell died when the police stormed the building? No, but we're the only one's who know that. (They're watching a streamed news report.) If we leave it to the ghosts, there's no telling what could happen. What happened? If you want to get out of here, you'd better hope you're wrong. Got it. Good luck. [Sanctuary District Main Gate] Are you all right? I'm a doctor. That's right. Are you hypoglycemic? Why didn't you tell someone? I'll see about getting you some medicine. In the meantime I'll try and find you a chocolate bar or something. (Sisko has come back.) Bell? We came in together. Well, yes. He got himself into a little trouble a while back and he didn't want you to put his real name on the computer. Well, that was very kind of you. What happened to this woman? It's not your fault that things are the way they are. He was outside looking for you. Now that didn't hurt a bit, did it. I managed to find some glucajen in what was left of the clinic. You should be feeling better soon. Is that your family? Absolutely. Look, I realise this won't make what you're going through any easier, but something good will come from all this. No, but I do know that someday there won't be a need for places like this. I know. So do I. [Sanctuary District Main Gate] It just brings me back to the same screen. There doesn't seem to be any way of getting past the lockout and logging onto the Net. How can you be certain? Well no one here's been able to get past the lockout. Jadzia. You remember my friend Gabe? You should sit down. You must be exhausted. You said that one of the men who brought you here took your comm. badge. Sir, obviously Jadzia has got to leave. If something were to happen to her, it wouldn't take a doctor long to figure out she wasn't human. But you're still going to need help to keep those hostages alive, and if it's all the same to you, I'll stay. The police cut off our access. Do you really think you can convince your friend to put us on the Net? Hello? Hello? We just want to talk. Just barely. We'll see you at the beam-in site. [Chris's office] I wouldn't know. I prefer tennis. I'll see if I can find something to block the door. I'm a doctor. Lucky. He'll live. The question is, how do we stop it from happening again. How do you feel? I thought you might like to see this. I found it in the historical database. (On the PADD, Sisko is captioned as Gabriel Bell.) Well, at least it's a good picture. You know, Commander, having seen a little of the twenty first century there is one thing I don't understand. How could they have let things get so bad?
Easy now. That's quite a bump you have there. Luckily there doesn't seem to be any serious damage. Of course. I'll be in the other room if you need me.
Go ahead. Beat that, Chief! (O'Brien is still cradling Yoshi) Chief, don't you think you should put the baby down? There must be some babysitter on the station that can pacify him. But you can't hold him forever. You've already got one bad shoulder. That's amazing. I've got good news, Chief. Your son is fine. I've given him every imaginable test. Eyes, ears, digestive, pulmonary and nervous systems. There's nothing medically wrong with him. Perhaps he's become prematurely aware of life's existential isolation. Look on the bright side. He'll probably be a great poet. There's nothing I can do for you, Chief. What's wrong? Hold on, I'll get a neural modulator. [Hagath's quarters] (Dishes are being presented and explained to Hagath.)
But now it's okay. The mission's over, we've been debriefed. We took the Defiant behind enemy lines.
Er, yes, yes, of course. I am, yes. Though, though I understand you've been here quite a while. Would you care for some of this Tarkalean tea? It's very good. You know, some people say that you remained on DS Nine as the eyes and ears of your fellow Cardassians. I wouldn't know, sir. You're very kind, Mister Garak. You won't never believe who just sat down next to me at the Replimat The spy! Garak, the Cardassian. He is. You should have heard him. He introduced himself and he struck up conversation just like that. he was making contact with me, with me of all people. I don't know. Federation medical secrets? Rest assured they're safe with me, Commander. In fact, Chief O'Brien, I think you should place a monitoring device on me. Well, just in case he's up to something? Medical assistance to Ops. Second degree burns, lacerations, a minor concussion. Not much compared to what he's been through before. The most recent of these scars is only two, perhaps three years old. It's remarkable you lived through this. I'm sorry, Commander. He needs rest now. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is telling on Sisko to a lady Admiral) And how are you this evening, Mister Garak? Excuse me, just plain, simple Garak, you said. Keeping an eye on the ebb and flow of things, are you? Oh, yes, they do. Ah. Plain, simple Garak. How are you today? I'm sure of it. Terrorists? What are they doing here? Garak, I'm a doctor I really must be getting along now. A suit? We're talking about terrorists, and you want me to buy a new suit? Er, yes, I see. Well, if you'll excuse me. (looks at the terrorists) A suit? [Ops] (Kira is looking at Kohn-Ma activity reports. When Sisko speaks she switches off the screen) Commander Sisko. (Kira leaves) I need some guidance. It's about Garak, the Cardassian? I'm afraid this relationship has gotten a little out of hand. He wants me to buy a suit. At exactly twenty fifty five tonight. I don't know but it has something to do with those two Bajoran terrorists on board. He says that together, he and I might discover what they're really doing here. I don't understand why he wants me involved. Well, what do you want me to do? I was just (Garak gives Bashir a jacket and hustles him into the fitting room, drawing the curtain) [Fitting room] What's bilitrium? But if he's got both. Conspiracy to what? We don't even know what their plan is.
Good morning, Constable. And what can I do for you today? Let's take a look. Hmm. (It's painful to sit on the bed.) Actually Odo, you have a pinched nerve. It comes from bad posture. Exactly. You carry yourself too rigidly. You haven't always have a spinal column. You're not a changeling anymore. Now that you're a humanoid, you have to learn to relax. And? There, you see? I know what I'm talking about. (Bashir gives Odo a hypo in the lower back.) What you need is a stretching regimen. Worf's morning exercise class should be just the thing. If that is a changeling, maybe we should get it into a security field. If it gets out of that container, it could be dangerous. As far as I can tell, it was exposed to a massive amount of tetryon radiation. I'm going to have to purge the isotopes with an electrophoretic diffuser. The purge was almost a hundred percent effective. The concentration of isotopes is nearly negligible. Well, I'd better go and check on Kira. Did you hear? She's in labour. But I guess you have your own baby to think about. There is still a small degree of instability in its morphogenic matrix. I'm hoping it'll level out. I've set the computer to monitor for biomimetic fluctuations just in case. Good luck. (Bashir leaves.) For Bajoran women, giving birth is all about being relaxed. And so am I. I have three surgeries scheduled this afternoon. I'll try and pop by later. (Bashir leaves.) Its lifesigns are fading. The radiation may have damaged its cytoplasm in a way we weren't able to detect. It's worth a shot. There's nothing we could do. I'm sorry, Odo. It won't be very long now. [Infirmary] (Mora hands Odo the baby's cylinder. It's deep green now. Odo pours it out into his hand.) It somehow integrated itself into Odo's body (Odo staggers.) Odo, what's wrong?
No more provisional government, no more invitation. Packing up all my medical supplies could take quite a while, Commander. Bashir to Commander Sisko. We're having a bit of a panic at the airlocks, sir. Far more passengers than we can handle have shown up [Ops] And they all claim to have made arrangements to leave. They're almost ready to go, sir. The Rio Grande is full and so is the Orinoco. Aye, sir. (Morn and Kira board.) That ship was full, sir. I checked the list myself and Quark's name wasn't on it. His brother Rom did go aboard, but he was with a dabo girl. You haven't made any friends, here, Chief. Or should I say, Chef. Actually, when I was in Med school, I designed an incredible candy bar which was far superior in food value. That puts them closest to me, Commander. Aye, sir. We're on our way. I wouldn't get too close to that. It's thorium isotope. (Bashir opens a grating and points his phaser at them. Others pop out of crates and barrels.) Prolonged exposure could have very nasty consequences. (The Bajorans surrender.) Bashir to Sisko. Mission accomplished. [Conduit] We have our first five prisoners of war. [Raider cockpit] Quark, leave it! (Quark is trying to push his heavy case along.) It's filled with gold-pressed latinum and you know it. Your mother did. The day you were born. We're stationed above airlock fourteen, sir, awaiting your signal. We'll make them think there are two hundred of us instead of twenty, sir. Bashir out. Twenty-one. Come on. Now!
You should see the view from the Promenade. It's simply amazing. Oh, yes, sir. I've struck the sails and battened the hatches, so to speak. There might be casualties. I'll get down to the Infirmary. Chief, were there any casualties? What's this is all about? (Yeto takes Bashir's comm. badge) Is that supposed to be some kind of threat? I see. Well, in that case. [Ops] You can't remove Jadzia's symbiont. If you do, she'll die. I'll have no part in this. Let me treat Chief O'Brien's phaser wound first. It won't take long. There's an emergency medical kit in the console. Hold still, Chief. There. There should be no permanent damage. (to Kira) Apply this every twenty minutes or so. It should help the wound regenerate. It's a delta wave inducer, to keep you asleep during the operation. It also increases your body's natural endorphin production to help accelerate the healing process. I strongly recommend that you use it. The surgery will be much easier on you if you I'm sorry, Jadzia. This'll help you sleep. Forgive me. [Ops] Take this. Come on, we haven't got much time. Just move it back and forth over the wound in slow even strokes. Not if I have anything to do with it. Now help me. She did what she did to save the rest of us. Now listen to me, Yeto, or whatever your name is. I don't care about your warrior ethic, or your Klingon philosophy. This woman is dying and I need your help to save her. Now take this instrument. Come on, come on. Oh, thank God, I thought I'd lost you. Everything went perfectly. The operation was a complete success. I've got you stabilised. If only we could get the symbiont back in time. You're not going to die. Do you hear me? I'm not going to let you die. Just rest. [Ops] What is it now? All right. Hold on. The damage appears to be fairly superficial. (Quark mouths No) But Ferengi ears are incredibly sensitive, so I'd better run some further tests. [Ops] It's not his fault. He's got a deep contusion of the auricular lobe and a possible dislocated malleus. In a Ferengi, either condition could be fatal. But if you want him to stop, give me a hand with this. Look, let's not go through that again. Just hold this against his ear. (Yeto stabs the instrument in, eliciting a genuine scream) Not too hard. (Bashir makes up a spray hypo.) Just another second. Relax. (And he injects Yeto) There. I've have her stabilised, but there's no telling how much time she's got left. We've got to get the symbiont back before it's too late. (Bashir removed the box from the stasis chamber) Odo's in here. Yes, and we've got to get him out. Quark. If we only knew the access code. Commander? (Jadzia sits up)
Computer, download file to PADD F seven. Come on. Thank you. Nurse. Ah, yes, I've got a few things to finish up before I leave in the morning. I'm presenting a paper at a medical conference. Casperia. How'd you guess? Ours is a grim profession. Don't you think we deserve a break from all the illness and death? Not again. You promised me that you wouldn't go kayaking again until your shoulder had a chance to heal. Yes, it's saying, stay away. Don't come near me. I'll only hurt you more! (Pop, Argh!) It'll be tender for a few days, so go easy on it. If the pain gets any worse, Nurse Bandee'll give you something. I'm going to a medical conference, not on a vacation. And if the river calls you again, listen to it and stay away. [Bashir's bedroom] What? You're joking. Computer, confirm time. Something tells me I'm going to need a lot of raktajinos today. [Bashir's quarters] (Bashir puts a load of PADDs into a bag, and looks at Kukalaka.) See you in a few days, old chum. Keep the home fires burning. What now? [Ops] This better be quick. I've got a shuttle to catch. What's going on? What are they doing here? He doesn't look too happy. How long do you think your investigation's going to take? Oh, that's very considerate of you. Hot buttered scones, moba jam, red leaf tea. (Nothing from the replicator.) Please. What's the matter with this thing? All right. (He starts to unpack and knocks a stylus onto the floor. It rolls under the couch. He goes to retrieve it when the doorbell rings.) Come in. Ah. Yes. Certainly. [Corridor] Where are we going? What's going on? Yes, I understand. An experience I wouldn't care to repeat. Not pleasant. I'm sure you would have been able to cope. We do what we have to to survive. Thank you. Well, actually I think the fact that I'm genetically enhanced myself made them a little more open to accepting me. Exactly. You have a good bedside manner. Actually, when I came in here, I half suspected that I would be interrogated under a very bright light. My pleasure. Well in that case, maybe you could send someone to take a look at my replicator. It's not working. Oh. Well, I just wanted some breakfast. Hot buttered scones, moba jam and some red leaf tea, please. Thank you. Oh, I volunteered. Come in. (Breakfast has arrived) Thank God. I'm famished. Cheers. Ugh. It's a little too early for gag'h. (The name card says Lt Cmdr Worf, level 3 section 27 room 19.) I hope your enjoying my scones, Worf. (Then he notices that the PADDs are back in his bag, but the stylus was still under the couch. Kukalaka has been moved, too. The monitor beeps.) Miles. Sloan said we aren't supposed to be talking to each other. I'm fine. Except I think someone's been snooping around my quarters. We just finished. It went fine. He just asked me a few routine questions. Two hours? About what? You're joking. Miles, wait. What did he want to know about me? Come in. Again? Yes, I did. Oh? Not at all. I wasn't with the Dominion. I was their prisoner. That's right. Yes. Thirty seven days, actually. Yes. Correct. I complained when they cut our rations, so they threw me in solitary. I was alone. Wait, let me think. Was I alone in solitary? Yes. I think I was. No. No. it wasn't seven days, it was five. Five days. He's wrong. It was five. He wasn't lying. He must have lost count of the days. He was under a great deal of stress. Human beings are more adaptable to incarceration than Klingons. Meaning what? It's what happened. They didn't think we'd be able to contact it. Why? Why would they do that? But I'm not working for them. Excuse me? Vaguely. You're saying I'm a Dominion spy and don't even know it? That's ridiculous. There are no memories to dredge up. I'm not suffering from engramatic dissociation. I'm a loyal Starfleet Officer, and will not answer any more questions unless I'm formally charged and can respond with the benefit of counsel. Where's Odo? A bit. So nice to see you enjoying your work. I lost a lot of friends, too. Maybe he thinks I supplied them with the information that helped them target his son's ship. I appreciate your help, sir. We didn't make contact with them. They captured us. We didn't have a chance. I'm a doctor. They were suffering from withdrawal. They're not machines, they're sentient beings, and I couldn't just stand there and watch them die. They'd been institutionalised most of their lives. I thought I might find a way to help them assimilate into society. I wanted to engage them, and it worked. Starfleet was interested in hearing our ideas on how to win the war. We were looking for ways to save as many lives as we could. Now, if you'd take the time to examine the findings No. No. I was found out. I don't know. Sloan was right about one thing, sir. I should have told you the truth from the beginning. How can I defend myself against this man? Whatever I say to him, he either thinks I'm lying or repressing my memories. But? Even if it is possible, it didn't happen. You don't believe me. Where are you taking me? Does Captain Sisko know about this? You have no right to do this, Sloan. You can take that confession and throw it out of the nearest airlock. Weyoun? Why did you bring me here? I'm not working for you. I'm not a Dominion spy. You're lying. What truth? That you broke me when I was in the prison camp? You're saying that I'm a traitor. But I don't remember, I don't remember any of it. No. I don't remember because it never happened. I am not a Dominion spy! I'm innocent. I don't care what you or Sloan think. Wait a minute. Why would you both be trying to convince me of the same lie? Unless you were working together. Sloan's the traitor. Am I glad to see you. I understand how this must look, sir. Weyoun just tried to convince me that I was his operative. I think he and Sloan are working together. Well maybe he's not a traitor, maybe he's been replaced by a changeling. All I'm saying is that both he and Weyoun are trying to frame me. You have to believe me. I'm innocent. You can't just dismiss what I'm saying, because if I'm right there's no telling what kind of damage Sloan Jadzia, you believe me, don't you? Miles? You? (Bashir puts his hand on O'Brien's shoulder. O'Brien pushes it away vigorously.) Your shoulder. It's all right. But you dislocated it yesterday when (pause) we were playing springball. You didn't hurt it playing springball. You dislocated it kayaking in a holosuite. You're not Miles. And you're not Captain Sisko. He'd at least be willing to hear me out. This isn't real. It can't be. (The Bridge fizzes out to become) [Holodeck] (Sloan is in black leather, not a Starfleet uniform.) I take it you finally believe I'm not working for the Dominion. I'm finished playing games with you, Sloan. You've recorded my neuroelectric responses? Take your time. I don't seem to be going anywhere. Of what? Why do I still detect a hint of doubt in your voice? So you beamed me out of my quarters into this holosuite when I was asleep. No wonder I feel so tired. I suppose you find your subjects more malleable when they have been deprived of sleep. So, why don't you tell me who you are? Who you work for? You don't expect me to believe you're with Internal Affairs, do you? So which department are you with? Never heard of it. And what does Section thirty one do, apart from kidnapping Starfleet officers? And once identified? How? So if I had been a Dominion agent, what would have happened to me? And Starfleet sanctions what you're doing? Authorised by whom? But that was two hundred years ago. Are you telling me you've been working on your own ever since? Without specific orders? Accountable to nobody but yourselves? Isn't it? Because if what you say to me is true, you function as judge, jury and executioner, and I think that's too much power for anyone. Me? A few minutes ago, you were calling me a traitor and now you want to recruit me? You're serious. Yet you violate those principles as a matter of course. No, I'm sorry, but the ends don't always justify the means. What has that got to do with anything? You've got the wrong man, Sloan. Don't hold your breath. What if I decide to expose you? Yes, he's clever. Captain, is there any word from Starfleet about Sloan or Section thirty one? When? I can't believe the Federation condones this kind of activity. But what does that say about us? When push comes to shove, are we willing to sacrifice our principles in order to survive? I turned him down.
All right. Put it this way. In eighteen thirty six Davy Crockett was what, forty nine? Quite old for the standards of the time. His days as an Indian fighter were well behind him. He was just an ex-Congressman, all reputation. Now this is not a man who was about to fight till his last breath, Miles. The situation was hopeless, he was out of ammunition, the Mexican army was swarming the Alamo's battlements. He would have surrendered. It's as logical as that. Simple. Well, I guess that settles that.
Did I miss something? I didn't know Odo was getting married till this morning. Well done, Odo. (Lwaxana puts the light globe in a box.) Something has stimulated Jake's brain functioning in a way that I have never seen. The capillaries in his cerebral cortex have dilated twenty percent. Neurotransmitter production is up by at least that amount, and neural activity is off the scale. Not yet, but it's a good thing we got him here when we did. His cortex was on the verge of synaptic collapse. I'd like to keep him in a neural stabilisation field for a while. I'll let you know if his condition changes. (to nurse) I'll be in the lab. (Later, as Nurse Patricia Tallman is tending to Jake, a golden glow comes through the wall, solidifies into Onaya and knocks her out.) The tests I ran indicated that Jake's mental activity was stimulated by some kind of psionic phenomenon, possibly telepathic in nature. We have to find it, then get Jake back in the neural stabilisation field before it's too late. That'll help, but only for a while. Psionic residue decays within minutes.
Do you believe a word of this?
Well, I haven't been able to identify his species, but he seems to be healthy. For a humanoid, he has an incredibly fast metabolic rate. The cells in his body are dividing at a pace I haven't seen outside of a laboratory, but since there are no thyroid or hypothalamic problems, I assume this is only natural for someone of this species but I would like to do further tests. Yes, sir. [Promenade - upper level] Yes, it's about our new visitor No, but he's not a baby any more. (A young boy is sitting on a bed, with a hint of scales on his forehead.) There are a great many species with what we would consider accelerated growth rates. But they're usually small, physiologically simple creatures. I've never seen such a rapid maturation process in anything as complex as a humanoid. Well, judging by his cellular kinetics profile, I'd say he's no more than two weeks of age. With your kind of metabolism, I'm not surprised. I'll get you something in a few minutes. I'll be right back. (They move away.) And cognitive reasoning. He didn't just pick those up by sitting there listening to us. This is either a natural ability of his species or there's been some kind of basic intelligence implanted into his genetic structure. Yes. And I tend to discount the possibility that it is a natural ability. His biomolecular diffusion gradient already suggests that his cellular mitosis has been artificially enhanced. Possibly. If so, he's an example of some very advanced genetic engineering. His cognitive abilities are developing without any external stimuli. The boy's DNA sequence has definitely been altered. The nucleotide analysis proves that conclusively. There's more. His blood chemistry shows he's missing a key isogenic enzyme. Without large quantities of it his circulatory system would simply shut down. I've been trying and I think I've come up with a temporary substitute, but what I don't understand is why anybody would want to genetically engineer someone with such an obvious flaw. On my way. [Promenade] (We are the viewpoint of someone provoking reactions of anger and fear.) Listen, it's all right, no one's going to hurt you. Let's just go back inside and (Bashir gets knocked down and we see the back of someone running off.) I have to agree with Odo, Commander. We can't just ship him off like some biological sample that we've found. He's a sentient life form. Listen to me. I'm trying to help. Your body is craving a certain chemical compound. That is why you're feeling anxious and having muscle spasms. Yes, there is, and denying it won't make it go away. His body is addicted to a specific isogenic enzyme. Right now, he's experiencing all the symptoms of withdrawal. That's right. I've had some success with triglycerides, but they're just a stopgap measure. I can't get an exact chemical formula without doing further tests, but he's shown a certain resistance to that idea. Thank you. I believe this tube intravenously delivers the chemical agent directly into the carotid artery. I'm not sure yet. This supply could last for a week or maybe a month or even a year. I'll have to experiment to find the right dosage. All right, we'll going to start with two milligrams per minute. Let me know if you feel uncomfortable. (The teenager relaxes) Well, his heart rate is slowing. Some increase in neurotransmitter activity, and his cortical impulse readings are levelling out. Let's try three cc's. (He gets blissed out) I think we can hold it there for now. How do you feel? He doesn't have to stay here as long as I can monitor his condition regularly.
Easy now. Go ahead. Aye, sir. Let's get everybody past that bulkhead. [Bridge] Bashir to Bridge, I'm sealing the bulkhead now. (Dax comes out of the Jefferies tube.) Dax! Hurry! (She sends Muniz ahead of her as the forcefield gets very noisy. Then it fails and the poisonous atmosphere floods in.) Jadzia! [Bridge] But Jadzia's still in there. Bridge. (It doesn't move) Bridge. [Bridge] (Power returns) How do you feel? That's not surprising considering that you took in a few lungfuls of fluorine. I thought of trying to climb up the turbolift shaft, but it's flooded with gas. They probably don't even know we're in here. Our comm. signals can't cut through the interference. We only have a few hours of breathable air. Lot of good it did you. And now? You're welcome. [Mess hall] These walls aren't that well insulated. It's going to get even colder. Come here. (he cuddles her) Better? Just remembering something. When I first got to the station, I used to have this fantasy that you and I went off on a runabout together on some mission. Something went wrong with the ship and we ended up drifting around for a few days until they sent someone to rescue us. It seemed the only way you and I could spend time alone together. You were always avoiding me. You're right, I didn't. Well, don't worry, Jadzia. It's been a long time since I had that particular fantasy. You sound disappointed. That's right. You enjoyed being chased and now you miss it. Don't worry, Jadzia. Now I know you liked it, I don't need to, do I? [Engine room] Oh. Seventeen brothers and sisters? Well, that's quite a family. For what? That's right. I'm sorry, Morn. It's been nice talking to you. (As Bashir and Dax walk away.) Thank you for rescuing me.
Nog, what is this? You're too kind. Nog. (Bashir is holding a packet) To help you get around easier on Earth. (It's a PADD - visitor's guide to sector 001 - Earth) Everything you ever wanted to know about Earth is right in that PADD. Make us proud. (Bashir and O'Brien leave)
They outnumber us two to one. Storm'd at with shot and shell, Boldly they rode and well into the jaws of death. Into the mouth of hell rode the six hundred. You should listen to him, Ensign. He's a professional. It's a trap. We've lost aft shields. Forward shields are down to fifteen percent. Captain, we're getting a message from the Cortez. The Dominion fleet has broken off the fight. They're in retreat. The Battle of Britain. I'll meet you there in an hour.
We fought the Maquis. I thought you said Keogh didn't like you. Where's the welcoming committee? [Runabout Mekong] Major, I'm picking up something on forward scanners. Hang on. [Forest] Major, one of the Jem'Hadar ships is making a direct run at the Odyssey. Then where is she?
I rather like the way you smell. With a touch of lilac. [Bridge] So you're saying he's a spy? So what's he planning to do? Contact his younger self and warn himself about Kirk? I suppose we ought to find a way to blend in. (So uniforms are changed and Dax's spots are 'removed'. Old style tricorders and communicators, and a beehive hairstyle.) [Defiant corridor] Captain. Wait a minute, aren't you two wearing the wrong colour? I'm a doctor, not an historian. I think I'm going to like history. [Transporter bay] Ready? Maybe if you said please. Don't look at me. I don't know anything about this time period. I won't tell anyone if you don't. [Enterprise corridor] Chief, you're supposed to be working Sounds like one of your repair jobs. Well, there's no sign of Darvin in this section. I'm going to widen the scan radius. If I can figure out how. Thank you, Chief. I was listening during the mission briefing. Must have been some mix-up. Yes. Yes, it is. I'm a doctor. You don't, obviously. No, I'm doing a study. It has to do with work-related stress. Why don't you two go on? Pretend I'm not here. The job pressure's been getting to him. Why don't you take over? All right, Ensign, I think I've seen enough. Let's get you back to Sickbay. We should find a turbolift. [Enterprise turbolift] (Number seven, again.) Hello. Excuse me? Oh. Thank you. Yes. Watley? That was my great grandmother's name. I think she was in Starfleet. But what if that was her? No one ever met my great grandfather. This could be a predestination paradox. Come on, Chief, surely you took elementary temporal mechanics at the Academy? I could be destined to fall in love with that woman and become my own great grandfather. Ridiculous? If I don't meet with her tomorrow, I may never be born. You saw the way she looked at me. You can't just dismiss this. All right, fine. But I can't wait to get back to Deep Space Nine and see your face when you find out that I never existed. [Enterprise corridor] Clearly we've been going about this search business all wrong, Chief. A vital clue that others might've missed. How fortunate it is that it has kept you stuck at this bar for the past three hours having drinks while we've been crawling through conduits. (Scott, Chekov, and Freeman enter.) That's Kirk? Those are Klingons? A viral mutation? (A line that was used eventually to create an  entire episode of Enterprise.) Chief, are you sure that's Kirk? Why is he wearing lieutenant's stripes? That was close. And you lied to him. I'm sorry about that, little fellow. Who left you out here all alone? Hundreds of thousands. [Enterprise corridor]
Are you all right? Me? Oh, no. I just can't wait to see Miles, that's all. You know me too well. Half an hour. I think I'd better go too. Miles asked me not to say anything, but I haven't heard from him in three days and since he wasn't on this morning's transport, I think something might have happened to him. He may have implied that he was going to visit his father, but he didn't actually say Yes, sir. The last message I received from him said that he was still in New Sydney, and that he was following up on some promising leads. She's the widow of Liam Bilby. Yes, sir. Miles still feels responsible for his death and has been in touch with his widow ever since. And when she dropped out of sight three weeks ago he got worried and decided to go find her. In his defence sir, he did try and go through the official channels, but the authorities on New Sydney weren't very cooperative, to say the least, and since it isn't a Federation world, Starfleet doesn't have any jurisdiction. Yes, sir. Right. Aye, sir. May I ask what you're going to do? Here. Use twenty milligrams at the first sign of spacesickness. If you don't, you'll regret it. Everything Starfleet knows on Bilby and his widow. Oh, it's in there. It's the one with Captain Sisko's bootprints all over it. I hope so. [Airlock] Would it help if I said that as someone who isn't especially close to his parents, I sympathise. Well, have a safe trip. [Tigan living room] (The planet is a cratered mess, with big mines and big equipment. The Tigan home is on the edge of a rocky peak looking over the industrial wasteland. Inside it is peaceful and curved, including the furniture.)
Thank God. It's not the food, it's the singing. If I'd have to listen to another ballad about the honoured dead, I'll go stark raving mad.
Sure. Do you mind if I listen to some music? Of course. I didn't know you meditate. I had the opportunity to study meditation with Isam Helewa when I was in college. A remarkable fellow. He sort of took me under his wing. I can't tell you how much I learned from him. The man was a master at rhythmic breathing. Gladly. Oh, and I'd be more than interested in learning any Bajoran meditation techniques you'd like to show me. Bellows breath. It's a series of quick intakes followed by one long intake of air through the nose. Hold, release. Increases the energy flow. It's quite simple. Let me show you. What's your pleasure? Computer, play us a little something by Tor Jolan. I've made it a point to listen to Bajoran music ever since I arrived. Tor strikes me as the best of the lot, really. Slightly derivative of the Boldaric masters of the last century but pleasantly diverting. This is nice. I'm glad we're finally doing this. Talking to one another. Finding common interests. Burying the hatchet. A human expression. It means that we're finally putting past conflicts behind us. Right. You know, Nerys. May I call you Nerys? Even when we weren't getting along, I've always felt you were one of the most interesting women I'd ever met. I'm very serious. Julian. Go on, say it. Julian. It was hard for Chief O'Brien as well at first. We had our problems ourselves, but now we're like this. Would you like to have dinner sometime? I'm sorry? Oh, you thought that I was trying to? No, no, no. But if I thought Right. The warp field's not fully collapsed. I'm showing a plasma injector leak. What was that? Are you all right? Me too. I guess we're lucky to be in one piece. (WHOOSH) Where's the station? What happened to the station? Major, vessel approaching on an intercept course dead ahead. (A bird of Prey arrives and two armed Klingons beam in) Garak? This may seem like an odd question, but could you tell us where we are? Centre of authority. Whose authority? Now wait a minute. Terran? Bashir. Julian. I don't know. Is it? (Odo slaps him.) I don't have a designation. Another Rule of Obedience? (Odo slaps him again.) I don't have a designation, sir. I don't know. And frankly I don't even know what I'm doing here. No, I haven't. No. I've been practicing medicine. (Odo slaps him again.) It's not a joke. I'm a doctor. Learning a new trade. Do you have any idea what happened? Kirk? Of course. The transporter accident. Read about it at the Academy. So that's where we are. Is there another me here? O'Brien's been tinkering around with the machines. Major, if Kirk got here using a transporter, do you think we can get back the same way? No one knows more about transporters than Chief O'Brien. It's worth a shot. Here. (He goes to where work is being done on a machine.) Miles O'Brien. I know you on my side. Actually, we're best friends. That's right. No, you're Chief of Operations of this station. It's true. Looks like you know your way around machines. He's married, he has a five year old daughter, he's one of the most decent men I know. We've fought our way out of a few scrapes together. I admire him a great deal. Have you ever done much work on transporters? The Chief O'Brien I know is an expert in transporter technology. I hope that'll be enough We think a that transporter will help us get back to our side. No, everything I've told you is the truth. Why? What's happened? Why my back? What kind of danger? And then where do we go? The Alliance controls the entire quadrant. How are we supposed to get by their security? I've heard Quark's helped some Terrans escape. O'Brien? You've got to help me. Look, I don't know my way around these conduits but you do. My O'Brien does. Just tell me where the runabout pads are. I know you, Miles O'Brien. Somewhere inside of you is a shred of decency. There has to be. You're already dead. I'm sorry you don't see that. The life inside every human being here, every Terran, died here a long time ago. (Bashir gets into another conduit.) You want us to take you with us? Starfleet would probably have a big problem with that. To hell with them. Let's go. [Corridor] (They get caught.) We've got a lot to learn? What a laugh. You may want to consider trying to follow us back to our side. You're still welcome to come with us. Confirmed. Thrusters engaged. Impulse engines online. I'm still reading up a plasma injector leak from the warp core. Klingon cruiser approaching. (It shoots at them) Shields are down to sixty percent. (Bang) Forty. We're hit!
See? Told you he would. No, we're talking about our holosuite programme. Well, we've got holosuite four reserved for an hour and we were wondering whether you'd like to join us. You've got to leave of Vegas sometimes, right? Why? What is all this? This gentleman a friend of yours? They're still here, Chief. So what do we do now? I'm not talking about Frankie, I'm talking about fixing the entire programme. Of course not. There must be some other way. Better talk to Felix. After all, he was the one who designed this programme. I just talked to Felix. I know what's been affecting Vic's programme. It's a jack in the box. Except this type of jack in the box is different. No, this surprise is buried deep in the holosuite programme. According to Felix, if we get rid of Frankie Eyes, everything resets back to the way it was. That's up to us. But Felix did warn me the programme is period specific. We can't shoot Frankie, it's too dangerous. If anything happens to Vic, his matrix will be eliminated from the programme. Permanently. Vic Fontaine's hotel's just been bought by gangsters. Now all we need is a plan. [Sisko's quarters] (Home-cooked meal.) I'm sorry, but you have three bruised ribs here and your left wrist is sprained. The good news is your skull is still in one piece. (O'Brien brings a damp towel.) Thanks. Oh, don't take it personally. He was just trying to do me a favour by not letting things get too boring. Oh, and you're great at it. You know we love ya. And? Now you should get some rest. Maybe take a little vacation. We're not asking you to run anywhere. We just want you to stay out of sight while we come up with a plan. Odo and Kira are down in the lounge right now. Miles, are you thinking what I'm thinking? All we have to do is see to it that Mister Zeemo doesn't sees a penny of that money. We'll figure out a way to take out the guard. Absolutely. We need a high roller with Vic at the craps table. Someone to gather a crowd, keep attention away from the countroom. And I slip a few drops of ipecac into Howard's. Once he takes a sip of his drink, Howard'll come flying out of that countroom at warp speed. And everything returns to normal [Holosuite- Vic's hotel suite] And we pop open the champagne. I bet we do it in five. It has to be. [Wardroom] (Nog is practising safe cracking.) Vodka martini. Stirred, not shaken. Don't worry about it. You're too kind. (He grabs two martinis off another tray, doses one and takes the other for himself.) I fold. Excuse me. Your name's Al, right? Frankie Eyes. He's waiting for you out back. Then you have nothing to worry about. (Al leaves.) With pleasure. Thanks. Vic. Where've you been? You got it, pallie. Hear, hear. Cheers, Vic.
There you are, Garak. I went past your shop, but it was closed. Oh, terrific. The Klaestrons have developed a burn treatment technology which has to be seen to be believed. How so? What's stopping you? Ships are leaving Deep Space Nine almost every day. Garak, you're being paranoid. Are you saying the Cardassian government would have you killed if you left this station? Actually, all I want right now is a little sleep. Maybe tomorrow.
Throw put down your phasers, Fontaine! You, behind the crates come out. You can come out now. Well, well, well. Look who we have here. You worthless piece of space trash. (Bashir slaps Ezri) That's not who you should be worried about right now. Do you know what we do to Alliance sympathisers? I'll give it a rest just as soon as these three get what's coming to them. This has nothing to do with Jadzia. Do you know what would happen to us if the Alliance got hold of a cloaking device? They'd wipe us out in a matter of weeks. Besides, there's nothing I loathe more than traitors. Let me ram those words down her throat. So what do you want to do? Give them medals? Either way, you're staying with us. (O'Brien and Bashir leave.) We'll find them. Don't start getting paranoid, Smiley. Even if the Regent has the cloaking device, chances are it isn't functional yet. I hate it when you're right They're not coming after us. They can't. Their power grid's offline. Reversing course. [Klingon Bridge] (They are under attack.) But of course, if you insist.
Have you been taking your makara herbs? Kira, you have to take them. Your progesterone levels are way too low. Yes, the herbs do act as a counteragent, but I thought you said you weren't having any trouble sleeping and that you didn't need any sedatives? Just take them. We're finished here. I'm sorry, Nerys. Of course. (Kira picks up Fala's earring.) Nerys. Nerys, can you hear me? You're in the Infirmary. He's fine. You suffered a placental laceration and then you began to haemorrhage. But I've repaired the damage. You're going to be all right. I'm afraid so. He wasn't there when it happened. Instantly. (Kira takes off her earring.) I'll be right outside. (Bashir leaves) She's fine. There's a large amount of merfadon in her system. It's a sedative, but the makara herbs she's been taking have counteracted the effect.
I feel silly. What do you call this holosuite programme of yours called again? How come you get to be the High King? I suppose that's only fair. (They go upstairs. An alien dabo girl is vainly trying to get people to play. Rom is whining whilst mixing a drink.) This is one stubborn infection. How long have you had it? You mean to tell me you've been walking around with a seeping infection of the tympanic membrane for two weeks? Rom, you could have died! Another forty eight hours and you'd have been bidding for a new life in the Divine Treasury. Why didn't you come and see me sooner? I'm sure your brother could have spared you for half an hour. You mean you don't get time off even if you're sick? It sounds to me like you need a better contract. Well, that should do it. But I want you to see me first thing in the morning for a follow-up. What you people need is a union. You know, a trade guild, a collective bargaining association. A union. Something to keep you from being exploited. Suit yourself. But I don't see you exploiting anyone. [Quark's] What you have there is a sebaceous cyst. It's nothing to worry about. Dermatologically speaking, you're perfectly healthy. I'll get you some paint. All right, all right. But you know what they say, two heads are better than one. That ear acting up again? Unions? Rom, I was speaking theoretically. I didn't know that. Only as a last resort. If he's reasonable about your requests, there's no need to strike. (finishing removing the cyst.) Well, he died a hero. What about that Vulcan? I'd say this one's an Enter. (Two Pakleds go in.) Quark isn't exactly his favourite person. (Worf goes in) Wait a minute. I can't believe it! He's an Enter. Where are you going? I was trying (to Sisko) I was trying to stop the fight. It was just, things just got a little out of hand. I hope you're proud of yourselves. [Captain's office]
Chief. Great job. You built it yourself, didn't you? Against everybody. Played a Vulcan in the finals. Talk about stamina. I don't think he ever actually broke a sweat. Took him on a back wall riser shot. Some of the toughest players I've come up against didn't really know what they were doing. Formally I mean. Hey, whatever works, works. This exercise for example, I picked up at a tournament from a top player. It's a five thousand year old battle warm-up. According to the legend, it makes the heart a friend to the hand. Medically, I don't really know what that means, but it seems to give me a lot of energy. Fancy a game? I guess from the lines you prefer the old style rules. Traditional it is, then. Always been my personal favourite. One. [Holding cell] (The other prisoner in the cell is snoring like .... whatever) I thought he was going to have a heart attack. No, really. His face was flushed. I could've taken his pulse just watching the side of his neck. Don't think I didn't try. After the first game, I told him I had an appointment. He ignored me. After the second game, I told him I was getting tired. He didn't believe me. And then his racquet broke and I thought, finally. But no. He made me stay there while he went away and replicated another one. While he was gone, I called my assistant and told her. May I? (gets condiment from another table) Told her to call me back after five minutes and say there was an emergency at the Infirmary. There was no other way out. Otherwise there would have been an emergency. Chief O'Brien's coronary. That's just it. This is just the beginning. The Chief wants a rematch, and I'm telling you, it's going to kill him. He's too young to die. I guess I'm overstating the health risk. That's not the point. The Chief has a lot of pride, and for good reason. I really respect him, the things he does, the kind of man he is. I just don't want to humiliate him. [Holding cell] (Martus is playing with the sphere) Nice shot. (Then he misses O'Brien's serve) Damn. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm so sorry. You served, I returned low, you slipped on the ball. Stepped right on it mid-flight. Never seen anything like it. Easy now, let me check you out. I'm sorry, Chief, I have to go. Look, about that. It's just that I guess I don't enjoy this game as much as I used to. I hope you don't mind. I'm sure you'll find another opponent. [Quark's] (The place is empty) So did I, but I don't see any emergency. This is outrageous. We haven't agreed to anything. Exclusive promoter? Looks like you're going to get that rematch after all. [Ops] Thanks. Put it over there. What is it? Actually, you'd be surprised just how often traditional medicine turns out to have genuine value. Did they say was in this stuff? Did they? (Bashir goes to analyse the drink) Just curious about its contents. This won't take a second. Water, sucrose, dextrose, tribnel root extract, grain particulates, yeast, synthehol, and seventeen milligrams of hyvroxilated quint-ethyl metacetamine. It's an anaesthetic, Quark. If I drank that, I'd hardly be able to stand, let alone play racquetball. You were trying to fix the match, weren't you. If you had enough latinum bet on Chief O'Brien you would. Are you suggesting that I throw the match? Forget it, Quark. Will be provided by you one way or another, and if the monks don't get their blankets, Chief O'Brien and I'll be very upset. Do I make myself clear? Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a match to play. [Ops] You too. (Bashir serves, and O'Brien returns just as he'd practised in front of the mirror) [Quark's] (The game is on a big screen) Why did you do that? With me maybe, but you're having a great game. And I can't hit the broad side of a Plygorian mammoth. It should have come straight back to me. You try. (O'Brien throws and the ball returns to his hand. A second throw and after five bounces it returns to his palm like a homing pigeon) It goes right into his hand. Every single time. Nobody can be that lucky. It's impossible.
Yeah, all right. Yes. Are you sure? It was a big night. It cleared up a lot of unanswered questions. Such as just how far these spots really go down. Why would I want to do that? True, but you know what? In this case, I'm going to make an exception. You know, I've never been into battle with someone I've slept with before. Now that we're finally together, it'd be such a shame if something happened to one of us. You've got yourself a deal. What's that, Miles? I thought you'd be happy for me. You're getting pressure from Keiko, aren't you? It's a big decision. I'm surprised it didn't come up sooner. Well, you can stop talking about it. We'll move the Alamo into my quarters. That way, your quarters won't be so cluttered and you can still use it whenever you want. You let me worry about that. So, what were you talking about? I can't look away for a second. Sit still or you'll end up with one arm shorter than the other. I haven't lost a game to you in months. What are you talking about? You're going to be fine Why? When? Oh. I see. Of course. (BOOM) Miles, this is no good. I'm going to have to get you to Sickbay. That's an order. Three dead, eight wounded, four of them critically. I won't keep anybody here a second longer than I have to, sir. (Another casualty is brought in.) Put him over here, will you. [Bridge] Eight hundred million dead. Listen, I know that this must seem bleak You and I both know that the Cardassians are a strong people. They'll survive. Cardassia will survive. I'm sorry, Garak. I didn't mean I'm sure we'll see each other again. No, seriously, Miles, I envy you. Going back to Earth, a chance to enjoy paradise again. Wherever you decide to go, I'm sure that you and Keiko will be very happy. I intend to. Standing side by side in front of the Alamo. Absolutely. Cheers. Tarkalian tea. Soothing. You know, the thing of it is, the apoptosis is really just part of the normal cardiac renewal process. What do you think? Oh. I'd like a trip to Vegas. We can't go there. Because that's what Miles and I did. But I do have a new programme. The Battle of Thermopylae. Do you know it? Well, it's about a force of Spartans led by King Leonidas, who defend a mountain pass against a vast army of Persians. For two days, the Spartans lead a heroic struggle. Yes. How'd you know? Fighting to the last man. Exactly. Do you think I should? What about tonight?
So there I was, fighting the toughest battle of my life, looking around hoping to spot a friendly face only to discover my colleagues were gone. I was alone. I admit, for a moment there, I considered giving up. I could feel the seconds ticking away, panic building up inside of me. I knew my only chance was to trust my instincts. So I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and just like that it came to me, the answer I was looking for. A pericardial membrane. I looked down and punched the answer into my computer terminal just as the buzzer sounded ending the exam. And that, I suppose, is the stuff salutatorians are made. Well, I mistook a preganglionic fibre for a postganglianic nerve during the orals or I would have been valedictorian. It was a trick question. Not nearly as fascinating as when I Bad timing. Starfleet medical finals. Gets them every time. [Outside a runabout] (Kira and Sisko are trying to open the hatch by hand) Life support's down. Oxygen levels have dropped dangerously low. We don't have that much time. That's odd. How many passengers did you say were onboard the Ganges? I'm reading three. Dax. Right this way. [Outside the runabout] You're fine. In fact, you're in remarkable shape. I, I, I mean you've managed quite well considering you've been out of contact with civilisation for over two years. Really? I'd love to hear about them. I mean, we have no idea what's beyond the wormhole. It's sure to be a best-seller around here. Well, er, no sign of disease or malnutrition or parasitic infections. I am. Now I have no reason to keep you here. I'm sorry. Am I interrupting anything? Thank you. And please, call me Julian. Well, to tell the truth, I tried to come up with some official reason for dropping by, but your excellent health has robbed me of any excuses. So I thought I'd contribute to your good health by buying you dinner. Quark's makes a delicious couscous, and the company, I hope, might be mildly entertaining. Those twenty minutes will seem like an eternity. (Bashir leaves, Q is back) Just a cup of mint tea. Why? The replicators haven't malfunctioned again? My god, you're an impertinent waiter. Really? Well I don't think it's any of your business who I see. In fact, I'm having dinner with her now. I feel fine. Funny, I do feel a bit, a bit spent. Maybe I should go and lie down for a few minutes. I feel as though I've been sleep for days. What? Did I miss something? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Let me get this straight, Major. You want me to spy on Quark for you? It's no problem, Major. I look forward to it. Garak has been lecturing me on surveillance techniques. This will give me a chance to try some of them out.
Romulan ale, Quark. Well, here she is. It's a complicated subject, Odo. If you really feel that way, there are other faiths. He'd get to eat the hearts of his enemies. You can go on a vision quest.
Major, one of the Jem'Hadar ships is making a direct run at the Odyssey. (KaBOOM) Two hours doesn't even give us time to get reinforcements from Bajor. Regardless of the time, the casualties would be appalling. What if they don't believe us? The medical database is practically nonexistent. I've downloading as many of my files from the station as I can, but this ship simply wasn't designed to handle many casualties. Yes, sir. I'll do it, sir. I need to go down to what is laughingly called the Sickbay. I'm afraid so. Most of the crew quarters don't have life support yet. Besides, I think we'd all feel a bit better with someone here to watch over Quark. You should. Now, I think I'll let you two bunkmates get more comfortable. (Odo enters the room) Sir? We're picking up three Jem'Hadar ships, Commander, heading this way. We've got to do something. We can't just leave them there. No one is expendable. Commander. What do you think'll happen to Dax and O'Brien? That doesn't sound like Odo. How did they see through the cloaking device? He's gone. I'll take the helm. Ready. The other two are moving out of phaser range. (Bang) They're coming back for another pass but they're moving a little slower now. Aye, sir. [Passenger's cabin] (There's a big hole into the corridor. Odo hauls debris off Kira.) Commander, three more Jem'Hadar warships approaching off the port bow! I've lost helm control. Inertial dampers failing
Yeah, Nerys! There you go! Did you see that? The way she gave him the tiniest head fake and then boom, checked him into the wall. Stop watching her. The point is to watch the game, not the spectators. Especially not that spectator. Some, yes. Yours, no. (Kira get's tripped.) Oh, come on! That was a foul! (Still on the floor, Kira catches the ball in her hand.) That's Gul Dukat's daughter, and I can't think of anyone in the galaxy who hates you more than he does. Besides, Ziyal is a friend of Kira's. I wouldn't play around with her if I were you. That's not what I meant. I just think you should leave well enough alone. Why stir up What happened?
Will you let the Major be the judge of that. I'm not a conspirator. An idiot. For asking your help in the first place. [Captain's office] The spiders were for you, Major. I can synthesise a drug from their venom that should improve your circulation. But I didn't know I needed a permit to import them. When do we leave?
Oh! Hello, Quark. Don't be ridiculous. You can hear what they're saying in there? What are they saying? Oh. Hello. I thought you said the O'Briens were arguing in there. What do they have to argue about? What? Oh, well. I mean, good. [Replimat] This should alleviate Kira's sneezing. Bajoran women have been sneezing their way through pregnancy for over a hundred thousand years. You can't expect me to cure it overnight. You know, I heard a rumour the Jerries may trying to cross the Channel this evening. Maybe we should have a surprise waiting for them. (O'Brien sniffs the respirator and sneezes.) Serves you right. Still fighting, huh? Word gets around. It's a small station. Obviously not huge enough. Glad to hear it. Bajoran takeo herbs for Kira's swollen ankles. She'll need to dissolve them in some kind of fruit juice before ingesting them. Are you sampling all her medications? How long has she had it? Helping her out of the tub? So did you look? How does Keiko feel about you helping Kira out of the tub? I'm sure that Keiko and Kira have. But you? I bet you looked. [Quark's] (Grilka, Tumek and Thopok are at a table. Worf goes over to Morn, who is signalling for a refill.) A compound fracture of the right radius, two fractured ribs, torn ligaments, strained tendons, numerous contusions, bruises and scratches. What have you been doing? Never mind. I don't need that particular image running around in my head. I'll just treat you. (Dax and Worf enter. His hair is dishevelled and they both have scratches.) What happened to you two? No! No, er, I don't need that image either. In fact, I'm going to stop asking that question altogether. People can come in, I will treat them, and that's all. Please, have a seat. I'll be with you in a minute. (Worf and Dax limp to a biobed.)
(young, Middle-Eastern male) Jadzia, maybe we could get together later for dinner? Or a drink? This'll be perfect. Real frontier medicine. Major, I had my choice of any job in the fleet. I didn't want some cushy job or a research grant. I wanted this. The farthest reaches of the galaxy. One of the most remote outposts available. This is where the adventure is. This is where heroes are made. Right here, in the wilderness. Well, I, I, I didn't mean. Not natural? You mean it was constructed? Yes, sir. [Outer corridor] (You can see the stars through the windows) They've got to listen to reason, haven't they? When we warn them what could happen if they go in there. I can't believe the Cardassians would ever attack a Federation outpost. Yes. Looks like we got his attention. Yes! I'm on my way. (Bashir leaves) Press there, hard. Hold it there. [Ops] Thirteen injured, Commander, and no fatalities. (walking along with Odo) So, where can someone practice with his phaser around here? (leaving Quarks)
Garak, Shakespeare is one of the giants of human literature. That's what makes it a tragedy. Caesar couldn't conceive that his best friend would plot to kill him. I've to get to the Infirmary. I've a lot of work to do this afternoon. Maybe you could finish those trousers I dropped off last week. Tomorrow. Well I only have you to thank for that. If you hadn't been so late, I could have enjoyed my lunch. Well maybe he and I can have dessert while you and the Talarian to wile away the afternoon. Garak, why don't you eat for a while and let me talk? Why don't you do? You appear to have plenty of time on your hands. I have to go. And I'm sorry to leave while you're still eating. But you've hardly touched your plate. How did you get Delavian chocolates? Why thank you, I'd like that. Major. Sixty percent nitrogen, ten percent benzene, and the rest hydrogen fluoride, as I recall Don't look at me. It's what they breathe. Be sure not to replace it with anything red or orange They don't see that part of the colour spectrum. As a matter of fact (BOOM) Bashir to Infirmary. Medical emergency on the Promenade. It's Garak's shop! [Garak's shop] (Lots of flames and debris. Garak is on the floor, stunned.) Are you all right? This is serious, Garak. Someone should do a study To try and figure out why some people can't bring themselves to trust anyone, even if it's in their own best interest. Have you ever heard the story about the boy who cried wolf? It's a children's story about a young shepherd boy who gets lonely while tending his flock. So he cries out to the villagers that a wolf is attacking the sheep. The people come running, but of course there's no wolf. He claims that it's run away, and the villagers praise him for his vigilance. I'm not finished. The next day the boy does it again, and the next day, too, and on the fourth day a wolf really comes. The boy cries out at the top of his lungs, but the villagers ignore him and the boy and his flock are gobbled up. But the point is, if you lie all the time, nobody's going to believe you even when you're telling the truth. Of course. What else could it be? I hope you know what you're doing, Garak. Is there anything you need me to do while you're gone? I don't know. Any unfinished business? What? Eat it? You're joking. Very funny. Then these are for you. I know. I thought you might need them more than I do. Good luck. [Runabout Rio Grande]
You set up a workshop in the bedroom? Of course not. O'BRIEN She says I'm trying to live like a bachelor again, that I'm expressing a subconscious desire to push her out of our quarters. Now that is ridiculous. I mean, if anything, by spending your free time in the bedroom, a place you intimately associate with Keiko, you are actually expressing a desire to be closer to her during her absence. It's quite touching, really. More like? So you wish Keiko was a man? What's a magneton pulse? So there could be a ship in trouble? According to our records, Bopak Three is uninhabited. The nearest Dominion outpost is six weeks away and this system is well off the established trade routes in the Gamma Quadrant. What the hell? We're losing altitude. And the comm. system's jammed. What a lovely place. Smells like a garbage dump. There are no other ships with us. But if we don't return, Starfleet will begin looking for us. Soon. We picked up a magneton pulse. We thought there might be a ship in trouble, so we altered our course to Doctor, actually. Does he look nervous to you? And at the runabout, they seemed concerned about being found here. Something's going on. They need a doctor. Someone's injured, or sick. Where are the patients? And you need to understand that I'm a Starfleet officer, and I won't do any work for you that might potentially be used against the Federation or any other race for that matter. Now, if that's what you want, you'll have to kill me. An isogenic enzyme. I know that the Jem'Hadar have been genetically engineered by the Dominion to be addicted to what you call ketracel-white. And that by controlling the supply of the drug, the Founders maintain control over you. Escape? You're trying to leave the Dominion? No, I, I'm just surprised. And you want me to try and synthesise the drug? I'm not sure that that's possible. No supply tube. I don't understand. Your entire genetic structure was designed to collapse without the ketracel. Why did you stop taking the drug? And that's why you returned here. To cure the rest of your men as well. But it hasn't worked, has it? They still need the drug. That may be over simplifying the situation. There may be many factors I can't promise anything. I'll need Chief O'Brien's help. Yes, I'll try. Now give those men what they need, please. How long until that scanner's ready, Chief? (sotto) That's pretty close. Good work, Chief. Keep this up. You may make a fine officer some day. I know. Carry on. Well, so far, nothing I've tested matches the molecular structure of the enzyme receptors in your bodies. But I did find something promising in one of the native plants here. Take a look at this. As you can see, there is a high content of chlorophyll in these plants, which you wouldn't expect on a planet orbiting a red giant. I'm not really sure, yet. You have a bruised trachea but there's no permanent damage. It missed the femoral artery but the knee joint's been destroyed. I can give you something for the pain, but I'll need a surgical unit to replace this joint. He'll have to stay off this leg until you can get him to a medical facility. You are not going to kill him. Remarkable. Your body is producing the exact amount of ketracel-white you need to survive. But I can't find where it's coming from. There don't appear to be any glands or cell clusters producing the enzyme. Mind you, your entire metabolism defies belief. The growth rate of the Jem'Hadar children is extraordinary. We found a newborn on the station once. He was fully grown in three days. We couldn't. All he wanted to do was fight and kill. If it weren't for Odo, I don't know what we would've done. That's right. Never? He's beginning to question everything he's been taught. Blind obedience to the Founders, killing without remorse and the devaluation of other sentient lifeforms. He's developing his own moral structure. It's incredible. What about saving the life of the wounded Jem'Hadar? I saw the look on their faces. They were shocked at his behaviour. I'm telling you, he's changing. I think we should cooperate with him, help him in what he's doing. What makes Goran'Agar different from the others? He's not addicted to the drug. Now if we can get the other Jem'Hadar soldiers off the drug, they may go through a similar change. And with the Jem'Hadar soldiers thinking for themselves, the Founders may suddenly find themselves without an army to give orders to. They're not animals. They're people being used as slaves. And this is their one chance at freedom. But they have the potential to be so much more. Goran'Agar has shown them that. They just need our help. But they didn't know why we were coming. They probably thought we were trying to attack. I'm trying to make you understand there are larger issues here. We're dealing with a complex situation. No, that is not the end of it. I am the senior officer here and I have decided what we're going to do. Now, I need the bio-spectral phase discriminator from the runabout's sensor array. I haven't got the technical skills to remove it, so I'm ordering you to do it. Now is that clear? Nothing. I can find nothing in the atmosphere, the soil, the water, the plant or the animal life that is remotely compatible to your cellular structure or your DNA. Maybe you were exposed to some anomalous conditions four years ago that no longer exist. A magnetic storm, solar radiation, volcanic gases. Maybe there is an explanation. Maybe nothing happened to you on this planet. Maybe you were never addicted to this drug at all? But maybe you didn't need it. It's possible that your DNA structure underwent a random mutation that No. What'll happen to O'Brien? You have to find him first and keep him alive until I can find a cure. I will not try to escape. I give you my word. Chief! Everyone's out looking for you. Chief, I'm not going. I'm onto something here, Chief. With a little more time, I think It's also our one chance to break their addiction. That's not true, Goran'Agar Look, we haven't got enough time to argue about this. If you want to go, go. This won't There still might be a way. If I had another sample of your blood. Goran'Agar, if you stay here, they'll kill you. You don't have to do this. Even if we can't save their lives, there's no need to sacrifice yourself. No, that's not really my style. So do I. You didn't have to, Chief. You had a choice and you chose to disobey orders, override my judgment, and condemn those men to death. Tonight's supposed to be our weekly dart game. Maybe in a few days. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Apparently the planet is crawling with Bashirs. He's resting comfortably. He can't hold his shape because of the quantum fluctuations inside the barrier. (Bashir puts Odo into a stasis container.) Sweet dreams, Odo. But he'll be as right as rain as soon as we leave orbit. You, on the other hand, are going to have to undergo a complete neural pathway induction as soon as we get back to the station. That's because your neural tissue hasn't begun to deteriorate yet. But rest assured, you'll be on my operating table eventually. I have to get down there, meet some of those Bashirs. (Bashir leaves and an Odo enters, but with better defined human features.) Thirsty? I've just been doing the same thing at the clinic. I met one of my descendents there. My great great great great granddaughter, the doctor. She made quite a fuss over me. Apparently my healing touch is something of a legend around here. Well, it would appear I'm not the only legend around here. [Engine room] Did I mention she was a doctor? She showed me pictures of the family going all the way back to me. You know who I ended up with after the crash? Angie Kirby. Yes, that's what I said. Apparently she transferred aboard last week, but she's gorgeous. I think I'm going to ask her out when we get back. We obviously got along well here. So, you and Rita Tannenbaum. Sorry. I didn't mean anything. You know, I'm going to let you get back on with your work. (Molly and Lisa are watching O'Brien.) [Kira's gravesite] (On the top of a hill, under a tree. Kira is praying.) Kira, if we don't go back to the station you'll die within a few weeks. There's nothing I can do for you here. Thank you. (Then the plants are watered in.)
In the middle of a war, no less. Dax, could you tell Ensign Kirby how I took over the conn when Lieutenant Haj was injured? She doesn't believe me. Sir. Sir.
Well done, Chief. Or should I call you Cupid?
Oh, finally. I've been waiting twenty minutes for you two to get out of that holosuite. Doing what? You were supposed to be up there exercising. I don't see any sweat. Where are all the bruises, the broken bones, the blood? Look, I don't want to dampen your spirits, Jadzia, but I told you before you were married that from a medical point of view it wouldn't be easy for a Trill and a Klingon to have a child. A baby? A baby. Do you have any idea what that means? That was great, Vic. It's a long story, friend. Yeah, a very smart one. It's tough to lose a woman like Dax. A little. How about you? Well, thanks, Vic. We appreciate the advice. According to the DNA scans I did this morning, the ovarian resequencing enzymes I gave you appear to be working. It certainly looks that way. I must say, I didn't expect such positive results so early. It's quite amazing, actually. It's all part of being a doctor. And I always will be. What for? I'd say they'd been listening. That is, if you believe in Prophets. I managed to save the Dax symbiont. We have to get it to Trill as soon as possible. There was nothing I could do for Jadzia. (Sisko goes into the surgery area, where Worf is with Dax.) This leave of absence you're taking, sir. How long do you think you'll be gone?
Another three centimetres to the right and you would've severed the brachial artery. Autosuture, please. And if that had happened, you would have bled to death right there in the holosuite. Oh, well, forgive me for boring you. Let me get straight to the point. You're acting like a fool. Turning off the holosuite safety protocols during a battle simulation is at best dubious. For a man with only one eye it's positively idiotic. Now, if you would consider ocular Then you must accept the fact that you have a disability and stop acting like We're done here. If you really want to thank me, don't walk in here dripping blood anymore. It takes days to get it out of the carpet. [Bridge] (Worf is working under a console) I'm the new Intelligence officer? Well, I certainly hope Worf's enjoying himself while we're stuck here taking over his duties. What sort of conditions? I'd say that those two definitely fall into the strong category. (A young, short-haired Klingon in a sleeveless tunic and an older companion wearing a necklace have entered. Odo isn't far behind.) Yes. Oh, I can't talk about it. All I can do is read these fascinating reports and analyses, and analyses of analyses, and then keep it all to myself. Because no one else has a need to know. So I have to walk around this station feeling like I, er. You don't really care, do you?
I only heard about it twenty minutes ago. Too bad Ezri and Worf couldn't be here.
Ten cc's of cortolin. I want an anti-grav lift in here, stat! Ready the cortical stimulator. What kind of weapon? I am waiting for an answer! Okay, okay, that's consistent with what I'm seeing here. Get the stimulator over here. Thoracic cavity ruptured. Extensive neural trauma. Now. (Quark jolts) We've got to get him to the surgery. Help me get him up here. (Quark is lifted onto the anti-grav and floated away) The next several hours will tell the whole story. We've done everything we can for him. I'll keep you updated. (Bashir leaves, Kira enters) On my way.
Computer, continue neural imaging scan and stimulate visual cortex. Computer, begin auditory stimuli. Nurse. Will you pull up Mister O'Brien's neurophysiological history, please? I wish I knew. Please, Chief, have a seat. He appears to be suffering from a form of aphasia. It's a perceptual dysfunction in which aural and visual stimuli are incorrectly processed by the brain. His actual thinking hasn't been affected, but he's incapable of expressing himself or understanding others. Yes. It can occur as a result of a stroke or blow to the head. But there's no evidence of that here. And rechecked. Nothing so far. Not yet. Spontaneous development of aphasia is virtually impossible. Yet we saw Lieutenant Dax become aphasic before our eyes. This told me we are dealing with a disease that only mimics aphasia. So I ran a full neurosynaptic comparison of Dax and O'Brien, and I found this in the temporal lobes of both patients. It imposes itself within the established synaptic pathways and then randomly reroutes them. For example, when I look at this, (holds up a tricorder) a process occurs in my brain which connects the stimulus to the word tricorder. This virus disrupts that process. Exactly. Yes, sir. [Quark's] (Odo comes out of his office to an empty Promenade but a noisy bar) Based on the levels of the virus found in the patients' blood, I believe it's being absorbed through ingestion. Major, I've analysed samples from replicators all over the station. Food on the command level is contaminated. This virus is highly adaptable. Its incubation period seems to vary within each individual. I'm afraid that's not going to do it, sir. I've been getting aphasic patients from all over the station. If this virus is present within a large enough segment of the population, it could mean I just took an air sample. (Puts his tricorder results on a monitor) It's mutated into an airborne variety. Which means the whole station is infected. Station log, stardate 46423.7. Nearly sixty percent of DS Nine's population has now contracted the aphasia virus. We've initiated standard quarantine procedures, and are advising all incoming ships to maintain their distance from the station until further notice. [Access tunnel] (Kira finds the device) [Commander's office] Bashir to Sisko. Commander, I think you'd better get down here to the Infirmary, as soon as possible. We've converted some empty crew quarters into a hospital ward. He'll be well looked after. Commander, when you've got a moment, I've found something I'd like to show you. [Hospital ward] The virus is synthetic, Commander. Its nucleotide sequence is too perfect. It's clearly not natural. Well that's what I thought at first, but I've studied Cardassian genetic engineering. They always build distinctive monoclonial links into their DNA. This virus has none of those features. That's what I wanted to find out. So I referenced all known DNA construction techniques in the Federation records, and this protein series was the key. It indicates that The Bajorans, sir. I believe it must have been a terrorist plot to sabotage the Cardassians while they were here. [Commander's office] Not good, I'm afraid. The virus has attacked his autonomic nervous system. He hasn't responded to neural stimulation. I've given him thirty cc's of corophizine to avoid secondary infection, but so far I've been unable to lower his fever. Unless I find some way to counteract the virus, he'll be dead in twelve hours. No. I've tried base pair destabilisers, sequential disruption, nothing seems to affect it. Sir, I've got seven other aphasic patients displaying the same symptoms as O'Brien here, and I'm afraid this is only the beginning. I'd like to meet that person myself. This virus is a work of genius. Computer, analyze test sample thirty seven delta. Detail effects on viral containment. Computer, replay morning. Glass lunch judge a bin to let it
Locked in. We've got a DNA lock. It's her. (They beam in a ragged young woman wearing Molly's bracelet.) Well, there's no doubt about it. The DNA sequences match. This is definitely Molly. My readings suggest that she's eighteen years old. It's a miracle you managed to get her back at all, Miles. If you do that, there'll be no one to grow up and become this Molly. You'd be erasing her existence. She's been deprived of human contact for a long time. It's not going to be easy for her to reassimilate. Her language skills are rusty. In fact, you two are the best hope we have of helping her recover them. It's possible that she's blocked out all memories of her earlier life in order to cope with her isolation. I'm going to keep her under sedation until we get back to Deep Space Nine. I've asked Captain Sisko to create a safe environment for her. He's having one of the cargo bays converted. I want you two to be there with her when she wakes up. A case like this, there are no rules. We'll just have to feel our way through the process. [Worf + Dax's quarters] (Dax is babysitting Yoshi when Worf enters.) Has she spoken yet? Has she responded to her name? Interesting. She's anthropomorphised the landscape. Well, just be careful not to push her too hard. If she gets frustrated, she might withdraw and relapse into her old behaviour patterns. Gung gung gung? Hehh DUHPP? Oh, I get it. The rattle is like the baby's first bat'leth kind of thing. Oh, Worf, you might want to leave the rattle just in case Yoshi wants to practice his hehh DUHPPing. [Cargo bay] (Molly is running like a caged feline when O'Brien enters.) Her body's flooded with adrenalin. I'm not sure how long she can tolerate being confined like this. It might send her into shock. We have to find a way to calm her down. It won't do any good to keep sedating her like this. The bottom line is, she needs open spaces and plenty of it. I'll talk to the Captain about putting her back in a holosuite for the time being. Kirayoshi took a little fall. Oh, yes. Just a small bump on the forehead. Happens all the time, children his age. A little sleep, he'll be as right as rain. Well, I've got to get back to the Infirmary. (Bashir leaves.)
Afternoon, Chief. Plomeek soup, hot. Oh, with a touch of basil. You're asking my opinion? (Bashir takes the PADD and sits down.) An arboretum. For Keiko, I presume? To make her a little happier now the school's been closed down. Absolutely. For about two months. Then you'll be right back where you started. Well, it's been my experience that during any serious disagreement a smile and sweet words will buy you two hours, flowers will buy you a week, an arboretum, well, that's at least two months. But in the end, you still have to solve the underlying problem. Like a hobby. Exactly why it won't work. You can't ask her to turn her profession into a hobby. Would you be satisfied just puttering around in a workshop making nano-circuit boards and playing with tricorders? You're Chief of Operations, I'm a doctor, and Keiko's a botanist. And until she can be a botanist again, I'm not sure she's ever really going to be happy. [Grilka's house] (Quark's got the information he wanted out of the computer console.)
You know, if there's anything I can do for you while you're here Really? There's no reason to be nervous. Jadzia will be a wonderful host, Well, that is, she is a wonderful host in a Trill manner of speaking. I'm sure you'll learn a lot from her. [Corridor] In what fashion? You're joking. Why? Breaking them? Too late? I doubt it. Jadzia's a night owl. Computer, locate Lieutenant Dax. Ah. Of course. Then take us to level seven, section five. That's the computer's way of saying she's in Quark's. [Promenade] Jadzia, you have a guest. We found ourselves sitting next to each other on the way here. I've been telling Arjin all about you. Well, not quite all about you. (Bashir leaves) And if we don't do anything, it'll eventually obliterate this system and beyond. It's quite possible. We may have only experienced hours since this universe was formed but there's no way of knowing how fast time is moving for them. Theoretically, billions of years may have passed. It's possible. We could beam them into space, give us some more time to come up with a solution.
Just rest easy. You took a phaser blast which punctured your peritoneum. It's serious, and if you try to move around, you'll make it worse. Doctor Julian Bashir, Starfleet. Major Kira sent for me. They've been evacuated to Bajor. I'll be taking you back to our station, so I can He refuses to leave. He's got to be cared for. I'm going to take him without his permission. He needs close attention. There's no medical facility here. She didn't offer a word of explanation, sir. She simply removed her uniform tunic and started building. But sir, that isn't true. Commander, I'd advise that Major Kira remain on Jeraddo for humanitarian reasons. How long? For the next day or two, sir.
How did you know it was me? You are remarkable. Fine. We'll do it over supper. Quark has found me this delightfully dry champagne estate bottled on Korris One. What is this? A brain teaser? A puzzle? I love puzzles. How does it work? That's all? Yes. Your hands are cold. Cold hands, warm heart. I understand completely. What is that exotic scent you're wearing? Yes, yes, I have it. Okay. So, are you free for supper? (Sisko enters) Computer. Reset. [Quark's] I guess I know the competition now. Did you have a nice dinner with Commander Sisko? A nuisance? You said, try to rise above, which suggests you don't always succeed. Go ahead. Acknowledged, Commander. I still have that champagne on ice. [Replimat] (Nog leaves his bugs by a couple and runs away to watch. The couple start scratching, then their skin changes colour to blue and green.) Cause of death's no mystery. The knife was thrust directly between the left and right thoracic vertebrae, perforating the lower ventricle of the heart. The murderer apparently had a decent knowledge of Bajoran anatomy. I'll do a sweep for hair follicles, any skin or cellular remnants, and DNA fragments. These are the DNA sequence analyses, the cellular spectrographs and the particulate matter traces. I asked Lieutenant Dax to confirm my findings and I'm afraid she concurs. Well, apart from those of us who were in there after the body was discovered, this was the only DNA present, and we've identified it as Ibudan's. The only curious thing I found were these seofurane fragments near the matter reclamation unit. Dish, please. It appears he was trying to get rid of them. I know exactly what they're from. A biological sample container. I use them all the time. That I'm not so sure about, but when I analysed the fragments I detected traces of a complex organic structure. It suggests Ibudan may have been conducting some sort of medical experiment on board his ship. Let's see what a standard electrophoretic analysis tells us. (Bashir touches a few buttons and looks at the monitor) What the? The complex proteins are breaking down into DNA fragments. It means we should set up a bio-regenerative field to accelerate the cellular development. If I can reconstruct the DNA sequence, it might just give us an idea what he was up to. It's growing exponentially. We're going to have to increase the metabolic field energy. That's what it looks like to me, but there's a genetic drift I can't quite put my finger on. We're going to have to wait and see what this becomes before we have a clue. You can transfer it to the larger field now. Sure. Just how many different lives do you think she's led? Has she changed much? From the last one, Curzon Dax. I understand a Trill integrates the personality of each new host. You care for her a great deal, don't you? I mean, I were in your shoes, knowing Dax as intimately as you do, I think I'd find her hard to resist. Well I guess you won't be doing that again soon, either. (Odo enters, and is promptly sent to Coventry) The chromatin pattern is changing. It's definitely humanoid. It's definitely. My God! Dax, I think I know what it is. Run a chromosome analysis. I think we're going to find a gene-sequence degradation. [Promenade] Commander! Commander Sisko. I believe we have some new evidence to consider. The man who was murdered was not Ibudan. Come with me. A clone. That's what Ibudan was working on. Creating a clone of himself. if you know to look for it. We've matched the victim's gene-sequence with the fellow in the jar here. They're definitely both clones. In about two days, he becomes a living, breathing member of Bajoran society.
Hmm? The woman? Ah yes, well, tricorders. Very accurate with live people, not so accurate with dead ones. We learn that first year medical school. And well you should have been. I impressed myself on this one actually. I can't imagine what other doctor would even consider examining the scapular nodes for parasitic infection. I just seem to have a talent, I suppose. A vision that sees past the obvious, around the mundane, right to the target. Fate has granted me a gift, Major. A gift to be a healer. Glad to have you along. Just picking it up on long range sensors. Bearing three four seven mark zero eight. O-2 pressure dropping rapidly. Toxic gas levels are rising. We've got no more than ten minutes breathing time left in here. Relax. I'm a doctor. You lost consciousness. Now listen, is there anyone else aboard your ship? We've got to evacuate it. I'm reading another lifeform. (He goes to a closed door) It's sealed. He's dying. Where's the manual override? I assure you, in this condition, he's of no threat to anyone. (Kira enters with a fire extinguisher) His synaptic fields are dissipating. I can't get a neural reading. I have to get him to the emergency unit on the runabout. This one I can't bring back. [Infirmary] (Bashir wakes his patient) You're on Station DS Nine. I'm Doctor Julian Bashir. Your prisoner? He's dead. Yes. You were the only survivor. I have it in stasis. When you're feeling stronger Preliminary examinations indicated the subject died of a massive respiratory failure, brought on by the pulmonary trauma suffered during the fire. Quite certain. It's been sealed in here ever since our arrival. What for? Miss Kajada, I assure you he is dead. He was a murderer? Of course. Are you sure that's necessary? The autopsy revealed nothing out of the ordinary. Fingerprints, cerebral cortex scans, retinal patterns all matched up perfectly with the records Kajada provided. Vantika may have faked his death before, but I don't think he's faking this time. They're Kobliad. I don't think anything's going to convince her he's dead, Commander. Kajada, our best evidence suggests Vantika stopped thinking two days ago. I sent it to Starfleet Command yesterday. They'll have to coordinate with Kobliad security. I'd say another twelve hours. Kajada. I'll be right with you. (to crewman) There. Now remember, next time lift with your back straight and use the anti-gravity generator. I'm sorry. Come in. I have the DNA scan results. I thought you might want to see them. In fact, I tried to call you last night, but you never responded to the comm. You should be careful with those. They're only meant for occasional use. Oh, yes. There wasn't even a trace of diploid variation. It's definitely not a clone. Positive identification, Rao Vantika. Yes, Jadzia. [Laboratory] I'll be right there. [Infirmary] Bashir out. Every conceivable test has been done, Kajada. [Laboratory] In another brain? The closest thing I've encountered is synaptic pattern displacement. But that's never been done by a non-Vulcan. There's plenty of room. A humanoid uses only a small portion of the brain. Hypothetically, Vantika's consciousness could be occupying someone else's brain while he waits for the deuridium to arrive. But whose? Kajada? This is all theoretical, but to extend the logic, there's no reason to believe she'd even be aware of his presence. We don't know what we're looking for yet. We still have to identify a method of transfer first. She won't like that. Can you speak? I can't keep her conscious any longer, Commander. If she moves too much, she could suffer permanent paralysis. I haven't noticed any indication of suicidal behaviour, but then, who knows what the effect of sharing one's brain might be? I'll have to tend to her injuries before I conduct any brain scans, but until we find the transfer method Vantika used, I'm not even sure what to look for. Not at all, gentlemen. I've been expecting you. [Infirmary] Shields up. Secure the rest of the ship. Be sure to account for all twelve members of the crew. If they resist, kill them. Enter the new course. But that's not possible. They should be shut down by now. Hailing us? Engage engines, full impulse. Do it! But they won't be able to pull us in. Open a channel. Rao Vantika is my name. But I assume you know that already. Unfortunately, he's not available at the moment. His body is, how do you humans say it? Fit as a fiddle. Looks rather good on me, don't you think? It was necessary to render him unconscious for the time being. However, I might consider leaving his body and returning him to you. But first you must release your tractor beam. If you don't, I'll take this vessel to warp. [Ops] Exactly. So if you care at all about the welfare of your Doctor, you will release your hold on us. You have one minute to decide. (Transmission ends) Have you decided? Oh, you're far too ready to capitulate, Commander. Would you be planning a rescue attempt, perhaps? You insult my intelligence. Prepare to go to warp And I don't think you are ready to risk spreading deuridium all over this system. (Dax isn't ready yet) Ready to engage warp engines. No more middlemen, Sisko. No more delays. What's it to be? (Dax has nodded) Yes? What? What? What shields? Where am I? It's okay. It's (grimace) me. (Sisko shoots him.) [Stasis room] I have the worst headache. [Infirmary] I suppose we should have listened to you when you said he was alive. I'm afraid I don't remember it. Actually, I feel quite humiliated.
Hi, Ezri. Oh, his body shows no signs of the changeling disease. I believe he's cured. Yes. In fact I'm going to discharge him this afternoon. Yeah. I hate the carpet. I do. You know what, I want to check out my sickbay. (Bashir leaves.) Well, everything checks out fine. I'm certifying you fit for duty. Odo, there is something you need to know. When I first discovered that you'd become infected with the morphogenic virus, I assumed you'd contracted it from the Founders. No. The fact is, it was you who transmitted the disease to them. You were deliberately infected. Section Thirty One. They used you as a carrier, hoping you would pass on the disease to the Founders. I'm sure you were never meant to develop symptoms. Section Thirty One aren't part of the Federation> They're a rogue organisation that I completely agree. Oh, sorry. I'm sorry, really. Hi. Your lunch? This is ridiculous. Listen, I've been meaning to tell you No, it's all right. Okay. You know how much I value our friendship. [Promenade] Well, lately I've been wondering if maybe we could be Yes. Exactly. Oh, I thought it was just me. That's why I've been so awkward around you. I know. What is that? I mean, I'm not usually like this. If I find someone attractive, I just, I just tell them. I don't play these ridiculous games. You're right. Why jeopardise our friendship by trying to turn this into something else? Yes, and once you cross the line And if it doesn't work out, you can never be friends again. Neither can I. So that's that. That's right. Why let physical attraction overcome good sense? Absolutely not. We're adults. So do I. I feel much better. Friends? Good morning. You know, I was thinking. If it hadn't been for our little talk the other day, we'd probably be just standing here staring at our shoes. I'm glad we've put it all behind us. Excuse me. (Ezri and Bashir get in.) [Ops] (The turbolift arrives with Bashir and Ezri locked in a passionate kiss.)
I hope you're right about that, Chief. I wouldn't advise it. Let's go. We've got to get you to the Medical Bay. (Bashir and crewman leave)
At this rate we're going to run out of ships. It wasn't meant to be. Unless Starfleet Command actually starts doing something about the Dominion threat, the situation's only going to get worse. On that note, I think I'll turn in. Five litres of anaerobic metabolites suspended in hydrosaline solution? What could you possibly want with that? They're not going to drink it, are they? I don't have time for this. No. No. This is the first chance I've had to get any research done on my prion project in five months. You couldn't drag me away from here. I suppose I have been feeling a little down, now that you come to mention it. I don't know. Kukalaka. That's what I want. Leeta borrowed him, said he was cute, but she never brought him back. Kukalaka. You bring him to me and you'll have earned yourselves five litres of anaerobic metabolites suspended in hydrosaline solution.
I thought you said you'd started straightening this place up. Keiko's shuttle will be here before we know it. We should have left the holosuite hours ago. It is sort of a shame to pack all this stuff away It's like sculpture. A monument to your year as a bachelor. Who are we to dismantle this piece of art? He's a little disoriented. If you give us your name, maybe we can contact your descendants, let them know you're alive. D'jarra? Chief! Congratulations, dad. Great news, my friend. Come and have a drink. Celebrate. Oh, just one. Quark, did you hear? Chief O'Brien is having a baby. Just think, soon there'll be two little O'Briens scampering about underfoot. Mind you, they do say the second one is easier. Since you've already been through the diapers and the endless crying and the sleepless nights. Cheers. Something wrong, Chief? Really? Oh, well I'll be sure and call you when she's ready to deliver. You can lend a hand. I don't know who's more anxious about this baby, you or Worf. Don't you have to get home? I think you had what the Bajorans call an Orb Shadow. Sometimes people who've been exposed to the Orbs of the Prophets experience hallucinations weeks, even months later. An excess of neuropeptides. I can give you an inhibitor to make sure it never happens again. Of course, if I do, you risk never finding out. The Bajorans believe you only have a Shadow experience when you ignore what the Prophets have been trying to tell you during an Orb encounter. So, any idea what they might have been trying to tell you? Well, I'm chasing a triple seventeen and a bull, Morn. You've got some catching up to do. Chief! Excuse me. How've you been? Oh, you know. All right. It's been a while, eh? Well, Morn's er, he's pretty good. Morn couldn't hit a Yridian yak at five paces. We had a good rivalry going on. Exactly. Actually, I was hoping maybe Wouldn't be the same. This is the one that was injured. First. Later. We kept him with us. [Wardroom] He is the Sisko. Go ahead. Oh. [Quark's] (Kira puts a clay 'bird' on Sisko's table) It's your own fault. How was I to know you were going to insult the King of Leinster in his own keep?
There's nothing more romantic than a wedding on DS Nine in springtime. That's good enough for me. Four nights at a Klingon bachelor party. Just think of the possibilities. I could do without the heat. I can't say much for the decor either. What do we do with them? That's four days away. Sounds like marriage all right. Alexander? Guess again. The road to Kal'Hyah, day five hundred. Now you don't want to push yourself too hard. You know, turning down the heat might be a good idea. Who said anything about quitting? Neither did I. Miles? It's working. I've had a vision about the future. I can see it so clearly. I'm going to kill Worf. I'm going to kill Worf. That's what I'm going to do. I can see it clearly now. I'm going to kill him. Kill him. What's going on? Well, there's only one thing for it. Quark, where's the kava juice? We'll wait. Now? Now?
Vic, you got a minute? What's wrong with him? Did you get a chance to make those audio recordings for me? That's great. Thanks, Vic. The songs may be old, but when you sing them, they sound brand new. I'm afraid there are no holosuites where we're going. I'll see you when I get back. (Bashir leaves.) Captain, the supplies are ready for transport. This is twenty cc's of numinol tetraminothen. That'll take care of the fever and the chest congestion. And this will get rid of the dermal irritation on your back. Better? Good. Now I'd like to take a look at this arm. (Vargas grabs Bashir's collar and shoves his hand phaser under his chin.) I need to treat your wound. Why is that? Yes. (Vargas lets him go.) He sounds like a good friend. I still need to treat your wound. (Vargas removes the bandage.) [Bunker] Captain, can I have a minute? (They move aside.) These people's physical and mental health is precarious at best. They need more than a few food replicators and medical supplies. They need to be shipped out of here. Houdinis? As soon as we can get him to a hospital, he can be fitted with a biosynthetic limb. Unfortunately, there may be complications. Nog suffered severe thermal damage to his femoral motor nerves. I'm not sure they'll be able to stimulate artificial muscle tissue. In fact, there's no way to know until after the operation has been performed. I have to get inside. (Bashir leaves.) Yeah. I thought we could all use some Vic Fontaine right about now. There isn't much I can do for him until I get back to the station. I take it you were able to move the mines? (powering a rifle) I wasn't planning on it. Then again, I wasn't planning on being here. Too many times. Funny. I joined Starfleet to save lives. (Lots of bangs and flashes on the horizon, then just the wind as Vic finishes.)
When did they sign the treaty? Are you sure? You don't think Starfleet could be persuaded to send us a few more ships? Say fifty? In that case, I'd better go and get the Infirmary ready. (Bashir leaves.) Now we wait until the casualties start coming in. Are you sure you're all right? You'll get it. Just remember, Bashir is spelled with an I. [Promenade - upper level] (Troops are taking up defensive positions.) And then what?
This is Bashir. Go ahead. I'm not aware of it. I'll check the computer. Ah, Major. I'll be right with you. (The patient is a Cardassian) What's the matter, Major. Will someone tell me what's going on? This man needs medical care. There's no doubt about it. He has all the symptoms. And when I ran a lower pulmonary bio-probe, it read positive. Yes, absolutely. If he had Pottrik's, the bio-probe would've been negative. Definitely. I've cross-checked all Bajoran and Federation medical records, and there's simply no other way he could've gotten this condition. Of course. To what purpose? Constable, I've checked on Marritza's medical record. He's been under treatment for Kalla-Nohra Syndrome, of course, and a few other minor ailments, most relating to his age. It's all pretty standard, actually, except for one thing. Five years ago, after arriving on Kora Two, he started taking massive doses of a dermatiraelian plastiscine, which is a dermal regenerative agent used to maintain skin resilience after cosmetic alteration. It certainly appears that way. [Holding cell]
Oh, not at all. No, I was just up late last night. Unfortunately, no. I was reading the last few chapters of The Never-Ending Sacrifice. I'll take your word for it. Well, I thought it was interesting. Maybe a little dull in parts. [Replimat] (The place is packed out and people are queuing.) There's always Quark's. Then I suppose the Klingon restaurant is out of the question. I just thought the story got a little redundant after a while. I mean the author's supposed to be chronicling seven generations of a single family, but he tells the same story over and over again. All of his characters lead selfless lives of duty to the state, grow old and die. Then the next generation comes along and does it all over again. None of his characters ever really come alive, and there's more to life than duty to the state. We'll be there in a minute. Look, maybe if you lent me another book by a different writer. I'm sorry you feel that way. I was just trying (Garak winces and holds his head in pain) Are you all right? You don't look fine. Your skin is clammy and your pupils are contracted. Perfect health. Then Cardassian standards must be a little lower than mine. Come on. I'm taking you to the Infirmary. Maybe not, but humour me. I have no idea. [Dax's quarters] (Julian is scanning a spiky cone poking out of moss with spikes.) In my expert medical opinion, I'd say It's sick. I'm a doctor, not a botanist. Did you ask Professor O'Brien? And none of your past hosts have had any experience with plants? Do you even know where it's from? May I? That explains it. Ledonian soil contains a benevolent mycorrhizal fungus that helps the native plants retain water. But the fungus in this potting soil's almost completely died out. If we can salvage what's left and cultivate a new batch in the lab, that should do the trick. It's all there on the screen. I only wish my humanoid patients were as easy to treat. It's Garak. At lunch today, he seemed as though he was going to have some kind of seizure. He was having trouble breathing and he appeared to be in a great deal of pain. When I tried to get him to come to the Infirmary, he outright refused. That's not it. It's that damn Cardassian evasiveness of his. I mean, making me guess about his past is one thing, but when it comes to his health? I don't know. Why can't he just tell me what's going on? I suppose I am. It's just that Garak and I have been having lunch together once a week for more than a year now. You'd think he'd come to trust me a little. No, of course not. I suppose when it comes right down to it, I don't trust him either. I mean, for all I know, the man is a Cardassian spy. Exactly. If he doesn't want my help, that's his prerogative. [Promenade - upper level] (Morn watches mournfully as the shutters are being brought down on Quark's cafe. Bashir comes out of the turbolift and notices Quark and Garak talking below.) [Quark's] You and Garak going into business? I couldn't help overhearing your conversation. A sizing scanner? Really? I thought Garak sounded a bit upset. No. Thank you. I think I'll call it a night. There. How does that feel? Try not to yell at any more admirals for a while. Yes. I was hoping you could give me a hand. I've been trying to access the old Cardassian medical files but I haven't been having much luck. Is there any way to recover them? How long will that take? Well, that settles that. Thank you anyway, Chief. This is Bashir. What's all this? I think I will. May I? I think it's a little noisy in here. I prefer to drink somewhere quiet. Whatever you want. But first I must make a stop at the Infirmary. I will. In the Infirmary. Bashir to Ops. Medical emergency. Two to beam to the Infirmary. Energise. [Infirmary] (The scanner shows filaments inside Garak's head, whilst the patient is out cold on a bed with a gizmo on his forehead.) Apparently. Well, I was hoping you could tell me. After working for the Cardassians for five years, I'd guess you know them as well as anyone. No, I don't suppose you did. It's possible. Whatever this thing is, it's situated in his postcentral gyrus and has filaments that connect it to his entire central nervous system. I thought of that, but based on the amount of scarring in the surrounding tissue, this implant's been in there for years. And as far as I can tell, Garak's only been in pain for the past few days. Well, I was hoping you could help me get one. I think Quark knows what this thing is. I overheard them talking the other night. Garak was negotiating to buy some merchandise from Quark. He seemed pretty desperate. I tried to ask Quark what it was about, but Really? Is that legal? I see your point. I wouldn't miss it. [Quark's] I hope you don't have one of those little bugs hidden in my quarters. Who are they? [Promenade] What happens if you eat something that doesn't meet with their approval? What has all this to do with Garak? Do you think the Order put that implant in Garak's head? He did ask for the specifications. Maybe he's trying to find some way of removing it. You'll have to get in line. Thank you, Constable. [Infirmary] Computer, report on the status of patient Garak. What? When did he leave? Garak? Are you in there? Computer, open the door to chamber nine oh one, habitat level H three. Emergency medical override Bashir one alpha. [Garak's quarters] (Garak is injecting himself) What the hell do you think you're doing? Triptacederine. How much of this did you take? Thirty cc's would anaesthetize an Algorian mammoth. Listen to me, Garak. I've had just about enough of your nonsense. Now you're coming back to the Infirmary with me. Oh, and Quark can, is that it? Quark's not coming, Garak. I heard him talking to his Cardassian contact. He couldn't get the item you requested. Another dose of triptacederine might kill you. I'm not going to let you commit suicide. I'm here to help you. It's not so slight, I'm afraid. We've got to get you to the infirmary. It's not your pride I'm worried about. It's that implant you're carrying around inside your head. It's some kind of punishment device, isn't it? If it wasn't put there to punish you, then what's it for? Garak, I need to know what we're up against. If you tell me what it was meant for, maybe I could find some way to remove it. How do you know? What caused it to malfunction? Continuous use? What do you mean? You activated the implant. How long has it been on? And now the implant is breaking down. Then why not just shut the damn thing off? So, that's it then. You're going to just give up and let them win. The Central Command, the Obsidian Order, whoever it is who exiled you here. You're just going to roll over and die, let them destroy you, give up any hope of ever seeing Cardassia again. Chief O'Brien all the time, and I don't pay any attention to him either. No one deserves this. I'm a doctor. You're my patient. That's all I need to know. You can't be serious. Listen to me, Garak. Right now I'm not concerned with what you did in the past. I'm simply not going to walk out of here and let you die. We need to turn that implant off and whatever withdrawal symptoms or side effects you may experience, I promise I'll help you through them. I need to know where that triggering device is. Where is it? That'll be all for now. If you need to reach me, I'll be here for at least the next twenty six hours. (The medic leaves) Computer I'm reading an ongoing erosion of tissue in the patient's lymphatic system. Explain. All right. Continue to monitor the status of the patient's cranial implant. Inform me if it shows any sign of reactivation. (doorbell) Yes? He's asleep. He has been ever since I turned off his implant. Come on, we can talk outside. [Corridor] I'm afraid your questions will have to wait. I don't know yet. Constable, Garak's body has undergone a severe shock. I don't know when he'll recover. I'm not even sure if he'll recover. I'll do no such thing. That may be so, but he's still my patient and I won't have him disturbed. So until further notice, his quarters are off limits to everyone except emergency medical personnel. So, if you'll excuse me, I have a patient to attend to. [Garak's quarters] (time passes in a series of fades. Bashir gets a drink from the replicator, Garak is restless, Bashir sleeps in the chair. Garak wakes up, crying.) Garak? I don't think that would be a good idea right now. Your blood chemistry is severely imbalanced. You need to rest. Just calm down. Take it easy, Garak. Look, you're obviously experiencing some side effects from the deactivation of the implant. I'm afraid I don't. You mean when you had that shuttle shot down to stop those prisoners from escaping? You didn't? What could you have possibly done worse than that? You took pity on those children. There's nothing wrong with that. And so they exiled you. I'm sorry you feel that way. I thought you enjoyed my company. Okay, Garak, that's your prerogative. Now I really think you should lie down. Garak. (Garak comes at him in fury and they break furniture.) Garak, stop this. I don't want to hurt you. (Garak is about to strangle Bashir when he has a fit) Bashir to Infirmary. I need an emergency medical team in Garak's quarters now. [Infirmary] Administer another twenty cc's of hyperzine. Give it a second. Begin cardiostimulation. But his lymphatic system is critical. I don't understand it. I shut down the implant. It can't be affecting his blood chemistry anymore, yet toxins are still accumulating in his lymphatic tissues. Computer, display analyses of all biochemical samples taken from the patient in the past thirty-nine hours. Display them by chemical composition. Isolate and display sample number seventeen. Bring up sample twenty three. Sample twenty seven. Sample thirty two. Sample thirty five. Sample forty. Stop. Bring back sample thirty five. Superimpose the molecular structure of this leukocyte with an analogous sample from yesterday. That's it. The molecular structure of Garak's leukocytes has been altered. That must be what's causing the accumulation of toxins in his system. Probably, but that could take weeks and we don't have that much time. We have three or fours days at most. What? I understand how you feel, but I'm not sure what else I can do for you. What's that? I've about given up on learning the truth from you, Garak. He betrayed you first? Why are you telling me this, Garak? I forgive you for whatever it is you did. See that he rests comfortably. I'll be back within fifty two hours. To find the man responsible for this. [Tain's home] (A DS9 runabout arrives at a planet and Bashir beams into a house. He starts looking around and is interested in a Cardassian computer console.) How did you know my name? You're Enabran Tain. Not nearly as rudely as I expected. I always drink Tarkalean tea. That Cardassian Quark was talking to, Boheeka, I suppose he really did have a reason to fear the Obsidian Order. I don't understand it. Garak told me you were retired. I'm sure I could. I'll tell you anything you want to know about medicine, biology or tennis. Do you want to hear my opinion on the latest nillimite alloy rackets? Have it your way. I couldn't say, though I doubt it. He's dying. That's right. I suppose I am. Say what you will, my job is to keep him alive, and I need your help. The molecular structure of Garak's leukocytes has been disrupted. I need to synthesise replacements in order to stabilise his condition. Unfortunately, my knowledge of Cardassian biochemistry is severely limited. Information is your business. Besides, you're the one who ordered him to put that implant put in his head, aren't you? That's it. Thank you. What a lovely sentiment. One last thing. Garak mentioned an old friend of his the other day, a member of the Obsidian Order. I was wondering what happened to him. He said it was Elim. Mind letting me in on the joke? I'll be sure to give him the message. Computer, one to beam up. Energise. [Replimat] (Bashir is sitting alone, playing with his food.) Garak. What are you doing up? You're supposed to be in bed. How's the spice pudding? Is that all you have to say for yourself? How can you just sit there and pretend that the last ten days never happened? What did you tell him? And he believed you? What is it? More Cardassian literature. Who wins? Never mind, don't tell me. I don't want you to spoil the ending. You know, I still have a lot of questions to ask you about your past. You gave me answers, all right, but they were all different. What I want to know is of all the stories you told me, which ones were true and which ones weren't? Even the lies?
I haven't done anything yet. Morn, of all people. Who would have thought he'd just snap like that? About what? Hold still. [Captain's office]
That better not be from a replicator, Quark. You called me, Chief? I had this spanner in my mouth. I was connecting my new diagnostic console to the medical bay's power grid. Oh, just putting my engineering extension courses to work. Besides, I know you have your hands full. I'm done. (Bashir crawls away, and O'Brien goes to check his handiwork) Oh, of course. (Eddington puts his hand on his phaser, just in case.) You sound relieved. I don't know what you're talking about. I was never in any conduit. Which is? So anything Ambassador Krajensky told us could have been a lie. The Tzenkethi coup d'état, increased tension along the border, the threat of an attack. We scanned Ambassador Krajensky for tetryon particles. He registered as human. (to his escort) This may take a while. [Weapons locker] She's got a severe concussion. Give me a hand. We've got to get her back to the medical bay immediately. (Odo holds back one security officer.) Dax is still unconscious. I've given her cortical analeptics to stabilise her condition. She should be all right in a day or two, but until then I could use a neural stimulator but that might cause irreversible brain damage. I don't recommend it. I'm afraid so. I should get back to my patient. (Bashir and his shadow leave.) This is Bashir. This shouldn't take long. (Bashir takes a blood sample from the Bolian.) Who's next? I'd say the Major is exactly who she appears to be. There doesn't seem to be any point obtaining a sample from the Constable. I guess that leaves the three of us. Would someone please get me out of here? (Fake Bashir morphs away into the ceiling. Sisko fires then gives the nod and Odo follows his countryman.) Still unconscious. The changeling gave her enough sedative to keep her under for days. I've managed to filter most of it out of her system, but she'll be out for another few hours. I wish I could do more. What about the coup on the Tzenkethi homeworld?
Commander. Is Chief O'Brien in here? Yes! You've got him, Chief. One in the bull and you win. It's his shoulder. It's popped out of its socket. Get me the tricorder. Oh, no. I'm afraid it's not that simple this time, Chief. You've got a rotator cuff tear and severe degenerative damage. We'd better him to the Infirmary. This man needs surgery. That's right, Chief. I may have to replace the entire humeral socket. It's not a complicated procedure. We can postpone the conclusion of this competition until tomorrow, at which time he will be good as new. How's it feel? Well try it again, Chief. Well, look on the bright side. Now you have a new shoulder, you might finally finish that kayaking programme.
It's very difficult to keep a supply of synthetic organs on hand in a battlefield situation. You never know how many livers you're going to need, or how many hearts. Well, the Holy Grail of organ replacement is to be able to find a way to inject the patient with undifferentiated tissue so that can become whatever organ is needed. The only problem is I need to borrow a cup of goo. Please? I'll give it back. You see, I need to study your morphogenic matrix so that I can synthesise organic tissue that can change form the way your cells do. Exactly. I need a sample. It's for a good cause. Just a tad more. Thank you. Oh, you're going with her? When do you leave? Anyway, I finally tracked her down to Quark's and I asked her flat out, 'Ezri, why are you avoiding me?' She was just about to answer when I got called away. Our paths haven't crossed in days. There's something going on, and I'm going to find out what it is when she gets here. I told her I'd like to discuss the results of her last medical exam. Well. Part of him, anyway. Computer, begin a morphogenic enzyme analysis. (Ezri enters) Ezri. Yes. Come on in. (Bashir gives O'Brien a 'get out' look.) So. Of course. Here it is. You know, we never finished our conversation the other day. Yes, in Quark's. You were telling me why you were avoiding me. Naturally. Sure. Ezri, you don't have to say any more. No, really. I wish you both all the happiness in the world. You and Worf. Ezri, there's no need to explain. Oh, my God. I was running a scan on the sample you left when I noticed something unusual. The disease that's killing your people. You're infected. My guess is you became infected the last time you Linked with the Female Shape shifter. So far. But from what I can tell, the virus is replicating quickly and it may not be long before symptoms start to surface. It's all right. At this point there's not much I can do. But I feel confident that's going to change. I'm running a series of tests on the sample that you left me, and I've ask Starfleet Medical to send the results from the tests they ran on you a few years ago. By comparing the results, I might be able to figure out how the virus works, and that may well lead to a cure. No, I don't want to talk to Lieutenant Douglas. I've already talked to Lieutenant Douglas. I need a copy of these test results. My patient's life is at stake. Why would Odo's medical records be classified? I want to talk to your supervising officer. Then I want to talk to her supervising officer, Ensign. Ah, Commander. I was hoping you could sort out this situation for me. I realise that the files I requested are classified, but given the circumstances, I was hoping you would be able to understand the need for some expediency. Of course not, if it's necessary. Four nine four one nine, sir. Correct. Presumably when he Linked with one of them, sir. Yes, but not recently. It happened over a year ago. Of course. To use as a point of comparison in hopes of finding a cure, sir. That's right. Is there anything else, sir? Good. So when can I expect to receive a copy of these files? But I thought you just asked me all these questions in order to clear me to receive them. Listen, I don't give a damn about Sigma Nine clearance! All I care about is finding a cure for this disease! The Founders have nothing to do with it. Odo's life is at stake. Sir, you have to understand the circumstances. No, it was more than that. He practically accused me of being a traitor. He made it sound like I was in league with the Dominion just because I wanted to help Odo. If only I could get a hold of that file. Maybe the Captain could request it? For Odo's sake, we'd better hope so. [Damar's base] (The runabout has arrived at the planet, which apparently is called Vanden Prime. Kira, Odo and Garak are escorted into the main cavern.) I'd loved to have seen Hilliard's face when he realised Captain Sisko had Sigma Nine clearance. There's more data here than I expected. Starfleet Medical certainly were thorough. Don't ask. Actually, she got involved with Worf. Well, not in so many words. I suppose it's possible. I mean, she didn't exactly come out and say it. No. That's odd. The dispersal pattern in this resonance scan. I've seen it before. When I first came to the station, I had to familiarise myself with Odo's physiology. Doctor Mora was kind enough to share his data with me. This looks like the scan he did when he first found Odo. I saw it with my own eyes not seven years ago. According to the date, this scan was done when Odo was at Starfleet Medical. It's impossible. Someone took Mora's results and built up a phony medical workup around them. This isn't Odo's file. They sent a fake. You're right. It isn't something Starfleet Medical would do. Section Thirty One. They don't want me to find a cure. They're afraid the Founders will get hold of it. We've been over this, Miles. If we tell him, he'll have to report it to Starfleet Command. Thirty One'll certainly get wind of it and once they realise we figured out the files are fake, they'll take steps to make sure we don't find a cure. Believe me, we don't want to find out. (Quark enters carrying a tray with mugs on.) How did you know Odo was ill? Hang on, hang on, I'm just trying to figure out when Odo became infected. I analysed the sample he left and mapped out the life cycle of the virus. I'm programming the computer to calculate just how long it took for the virus to achieve its present level of concentration. More than that. I just don't understand. I assumed he became infected when he Linked with the female shape-shifter. Good question. Got it. Stardate four nine four one nine. Wait a minute. Four nine four one nine. That's the day that Odo was at Starfleet Medical. Yes. My god. No wonder Hilliard wouldn't let me see the file. Section Thirty one must have created the virus, infected Odo, and then used him as a carrier. Thirty one isn't just trying to stop us from finding a cure. They're trying to cover up the fact that they set out to commit genocide. We have to find a way to get our hands on that cure.
It isn't. Ensign Pazlar sent me the specifications. Her normal anti-grav unit isn't going to work here. Same problem we had with the Starfleet cargo lifts. Cardassian construction just isn't compatible. We're on our way. [Promenade] Just think what she's gone through to get here, Jadzia. What it must be like to adjust to our gravity after growing up on a planet with such low surface gravity. I've managed to modify the maximum vertical clearance of the chair three centimetres to a slope of fifty six degrees. I know exactly why. She went through the Academy the same way. Once her basic needs are met, she refuses any special assistance. She's extraordinary. I almost feel as though I have. I've pulled all her personnel and medical files to get ready. Her quarters. They're ready, aren't they? Thanks, Chief. That'll be something to see. When we turn off the gravity and she flies around the room. [Airlock] (With motor assist bands and a walking stick, she staggers forward, exhausted but determined.) Good to meet you in person. As requested. Yes. I wanted to give you as much mobility as I could. Well, it's no problem. We can replicate the other design. Um. Here we are. Not one iota. You can control the gravity unit with this device. If you'd care to try it out. Is it working? The low-grav field actuator. I just heard it go off. So you were just Really? I'm a shower man myself. Look at this. Is this your husband? Boyfriend? (A picture of Melora and a male flying) Apology? I'm sure you never set out to attack anyone personally, but you do seem to attack a lot. Julian. I'm no longer your doctor. Was that an attack? You see, you do it so well, with such charm, it's hard to tell. Sure you do. Of course, you mean to. All of these broad shots you fire it's your way of keeping the rest of the universe on the defensive. Has to be. You're too good at it. That is the nicest thing you've said to me, or anybody else. Are you hungry? I came here thinking about asking you to dinner. Red alert. Come on. There's a new Klingon restaurant open on the Promenade, if you like that sort of thing. Shall I order for us both? Let's see we'll have some racht of course And a double order of gladst. No sauce please. And a side order of zilm'kach. Is that too much for two? Don't be alarmed. (She fondles the worms) I know how it looks but When I was ten, my father was a Federation diplomat on Invernia Two. One day, when we were out on a remote part of the planet, we were hit by a massive ionic storm. While we were waiting it out, we found an Invernian girl about my age who was sick. After the storm cleared, my father went for help, but it was too late. I sat there and watched her die. The next day when he returned, his guide told us that we could have treated her with a simple herb that was growing all around. I could have saved her life. Actually, first I started to study tennis. I really thought about making a career of it. Well, I used to think so, but then I went to my first major competition. my opponent served first and I heard the ball bounce past me. The computer announced it was good and I realised I was in trouble. Turned out I had more talent at medicine than tennis. Of course. [Corridor] (Dax rings Melora's doorbell. There's no reply.) Acknowledged. I'll be there in three minutes. You will. There's no concussion. You can reschedule your mission for tomorrow. Why didn't you wait for Dax before you went into an area that was unmodified with ramps? Melora, no one on this station is completely independent. In space we all depend on one another to some degree. You've proven that. Now, what do the rest of us have to do to convince you? That you can depend on us. [Corridor] Have you ever heard of the work Nathaniel Teros did with low gravity species thirty years ago? No, but the principles were sound and a lot of progress has been made in neurochemistry since then. Theoretically, perhaps. Oh, no. I know how much you look forward to turning down the gravity. What do I do? This is astonishing. I can't tell you how curious I was about this. Thank you for letting me in. Who? (The picture, idiot.) Oh. (Melora kisses Bashir. 53 more things to do in zero gravity?) [Runabout Orinoco] (WHOOSH. Through the wormhole) I've been waiting for you. I've got something to show you. It's a computer model of an elevated neural output from the brain's gross motor cortex. It's stimulating acetylcholine absorption to increase muscular tensile strength. It was a theory thirty years ago, but with the development of neo-analeptic transmitters during the last decade, it's not even that complicated. It's just that no one's gone back to re-examine the ideas of Nathaniel Teros, until now. No more servo-controls, no more chair. [Security office] I'd like to think that has more to do with me than the neo-analeptic infusion. That's more likely the result of the neuromuscular tissue stimulation due to increased activity in the motor cortex. I'd say that's enough first time out. It's good that you've already been using your muscles in this gravity environment. It'll make it easier to adapt. Feel any different? Nothing at all? The acetylcholine absorption is precisely at fourteen percent above normal. Increased tensile strength would be the inevitable result. (She wiggles her toes) Your neural pathways are beginning to adapt. Endurance and coordination might take awhile, but we should have you walking within the hour. [Ops] Oh, it was simply a matter of increasing the output on the brain's motor cortex. Someone else's research actually. I just dotted the i's and crossed the t's. Yes, I know. Easy now. It's just the first day's treatment beginning to wear off. (He turns the assist bands back on) Nothing to be concerned about. Look, I'd better get you back to your quarters. I want you to get a good night's rest tonight. Habitat ring, level fourteen. [Melora's quarters] With each progressive treatment you should get stronger, and the effects should last longer. A low-grav environment now would really confuse your motor cortex. You let me fly for the first time. I let you walk. We're even. I'll see you in the morning. [Quark's quarters] (It's dark.) You'll adjust to that after a few more treatments. This time the effects should last for several hours. (She sits up) Melora, if you're not certain? Tell me exactly what you're feeling. If you want to end your dependence on the chair and the servo controls, you're going to have to give up the low-grav environment. You knew that that was the trade-off. I'm just concerned that going back and forth could ultimately lead to a loss of fine motor control. Your ability to perform complex tasks could be affected. The effects are fully reversible for the next few days. We can pull the plug at any time before then. But after that, if all goes well, your motor cortex impulses will kick in on their own. Permanently. [Runabout Orinoco] Can we beam them aboard at warp? Melora's alive. I don't know. Maybe all the neuro-stimulants we've been pumping into your system. You know, it might make an interesting side effect of the treatment. It's worth exploring. Well, you can always try it again someday, if you change your mind. So am I. (The Chef breaks into a serenade, accompanying himself on a tiny one-string violin) You must be exhausted. If you don't want to stay.
Of course it's a trick. But how she did it? Was it Tobin? Ah, he sounds like the right type. Painfully shy, introverted, a slight lack of confidence, just the kind of person who might want to dazzle the world with his magical abilities. Ladies and gentlemen, the amazing Jadzia Dax! [Captain's office] I think so. Torias. But of course in those days she wasn't Lenara. The Kahn symbiont which is now joined to Lenara used to be joined to a woman named Nilani, and it was Nilani who married Torias Dax. And Nilani became a widow. Years later, when Nilani died, the Kahn symbiont was joined to Lenara. It must be all the latinum rattling around in there. (Bashir takes a strip from Quark's ear) I thought so. You really should have that looked at. Next time I'm going to pull a rabbit out of his ear. (They walk to a doorway.) Ah, now there's the rub. Even if they do harbour feelings for each other, it's strictly against the rules of Trill society for them to acknowledge it in any way. Well, it's more of a taboo, really. Having a relationship with a lover from a past life is called reassociation, and the Trill feel very strongly that it's unnatural. Well, the whole point of joining is for the symbiont to accumulate experiences from the span of many lifetimes. In order to move on from host to host, the symbiont has to learn to let go of the past, let go of parents, siblings, children, even spouses. I asked Dax the same question, and it seems there have been a few. They were exiled from the Trill homeworld. Exactly. So when the hosts die, the symbionts die with them. So you see, even if Dax does harbour feelings for Lenara, she can't take that risk. For a joined Trill, nothing is more important than to protect the life of the symbiont. Nothing. [Dax's quarters] (Dax is brushing her hair when the doorbell rings) Tonight? I can't. I have plans. Nice. Because? And it would be less awkward if you had a chaperone. Something tells me that I should say no, but I won't. What time? Doctor Bashir here. Go ahead. I'm on my way. I'm sorry. I must go. Duty calls.
He's awake now. I don't know. I'm reading some unusual synaptic potentials. Your neural patterns are similar to those you experienced last year. I'm not sure yet, so I'd like you to remain overnight for observation. Take a look at these readings. (Sisko takes the PADD.) [New York street] (Sisko is in 1950s clothes looking at a pulp magazine, Galaxy September 1953 edition, 35 cents.) Only for a few minutes. That's odd. Somehow, your neural patterns have returned to normal. Oh, it's very good. I just don't understand how it happened. [Sisko's quarters] (Joseph enters.)
Commander. I've just given Quark a thorough examination. He's a bit shaken up, nothing more.
A Scotch, neat, and a pint of your finest bitter for my mate. No choice, man. Ritual, you know. Got to keep a stiff upper lip. Down the hatch. (They drain their glasses in one - that was not a full pint anyway - and make to smash them.) I don't know. To tell you the truth, my heart isn't in it. There's a Spitfire with your name on it waiting in the hangar. When you get back from Earth, you can take Clive's place in the squadron. No, no, that's perfectly fine. I just wish I was coming with you. Good luck. Well, we'd better get out of these uniforms. [Ops]
Well, believe it or not, you're about a metre tall and shrinking fast. In a few minutes, you're going to be half the size of a comm. badge. The gamma ray flux is increasing. We should close the blast shutters. Actually, you're sitting one point one four metres closer to the focal point of the anomaly, which means you've shrunk point zero four percent more than I have. (Weird noise and shudder.) I'm fine, but you're not. (O'Brien thumps the power back on) There you go. Good as new. We've lost the Defiant's transponder signal. (craning his neck) Wait a minute, there's a symbol up there. It looks like a large black circle. Hold on. Chief, you're not going to like this. (It's the Defiant, and compared to Rubicon, it is massive.) We should have. So the process failed to reverse itself. This bloody tall, actually. (one centimetre) But don't worry. All we have to do to regain our original size is re-enter the anomaly and follow our original trajectory back out. In theory. With communications out, how do we get their attention? More or less. You think? This conduit's filthy, Chief. Don't you ever clean up in here? I'm sorry. It was very small of me. [Turbolift] (Ixtana'Rax takes Sisko by lapels.) What does that mean, then? When you say superheated? Crystal. (Plasma flame bursts into life behind them.) I hope you know where you're going, Chief. What about the hatch? Let's not do that again. Quite a mess. I wonder what happened? [Engine room] (On the opposite side of the core there is activity.) Why's the Captain going along with this? Will someone please let me in on this conversation? Can we do anything to help him? How? Nice bit of piloting. So how long do we wait for someone to open the door? Not according to Worf. (get a Look) What? (Rubicon taps panel key 51 twice.) [Bridge] (The door opens but no one comes in. A Jem'Hadar investigates and Rubicon comes in and hides under a console.) [Runabout Rubicon] Relax, Miles. You wouldn't be able go out there even if you wanted to. You wouldn't be able to breathe. The oxygen molecules outside are almost two thousand times larger than anything your haemoglobin could assimilate. You'd suffocate. It should work. The air would be thin, but you'd be able to breathe for about twenty minutes. You'd pass out. What? I haven't the faintest idea, but it's amazing. It's like we're in the middle of an optronic forest. But it's enough to fry every synapse in my tiny body. Thanks for the tip. Believe me, I won't. [Bridge] (Lamat'Ukan enters with the Ketracel White.) We're making progress. Aren't we, Chief? Miles, we're lost, aren't we? Disorientation is one of the effects of hypoxia, lack of oxygen. Need to focus on a landmark. There. That large isolinear chip, number five eight nine six six stroke delta. What is it? All right, then what's this here at it's base? So that would mean that this chip is? All right, don't look at it. Close your eyes, use your memory. Okay. There's a four way shunt at the base of a eight five nine six six stroke delta isolinear chip, which is where? So the interlink we want has to be? It's stuck. (O'Brien helps him pull it out. They're gasping for air.) Which one? You sure? (Bashir puts the cable from R8-773 into a socket by his head. It falls out.) Maybe the Captain doesn't realise he has control of the ship yet. I have got torpedo lock. We were just minding our own business when suddenly, right there in front of us, was this immense Jem'Hadar. Is there something wrong? Why? Infirmary. (Bashir and O'Brien leave quickly, and Odo and Quark step down from a small platform.)
I've run a preliminary analysis of our sensor sweeps, and the second planet in the Kylata system is definitely M-class. Let's hope it stays that way. Where did it come from? What's it like, this dimension of yours? Sounds like this other dimension has its advantages. You know, the person I feel sorry for is Quark. He always thought that you and he were made for each other. I don't suppose he'll be letting you win at tongo anymore. Actually, I was just telling Jadzia that she's not as good a tongo player as she thinks she is. Now we'll find out on Tuesday night. How do you feel? I, er, I don't know what to say. Goodbye, Jadzia. [Village square] (The ground shakes.) Commander, I'm reading intense seismic activity throughout the planet's crust. It's functioning almost like an anchor. Get her out of there, Chief. [Between dimensions] (Dax gets beamed out and only space is left where Meridian was.) [Dax's cabin]
Okay, all right. You'll be feeling better any second now. She's got a puncture of the right abdominal cavity. It looks as though the symbiont may have been injured. She's stable for now. Garak! I need a hand. (The wrecked ship sinks in the bay. Bashir and Garak carry Dax away.) Guarded, but good. The bleeding's stopped and I've repaired all the internal injuries. The damage to the symbiont is a little harder to diagnose. Given enough rest, I think they'll both make a full recovery. I've felt better. [Promenade] (Outside the Shrine) Not for a while, you don't. He needs immediate surgery. I don't think I have any choice. (The Jem'Hadar push forward.) I am a doctor. I'm not going to harm him. No self-diagnoses, please. I'm the doctor here. Your internal haemorrhaging has stopped, your free collagen levels are dropping, tissue growth factors have stabilised nicely and there's a fifty percent rise in cell oxygenation. You are alive. Careful. Your insides are being held together by cellular micro-sutures and a lot of hope. They're your own men. And you spend the war resting comfortably as a Starfleet POW while your men lie rotting on this planet.
Hello, Morn. Is he all right? (carrying a bottle) Did you bring anything? To the memorial service. Well, it's Lurian custom to bring gifts of food and drink for the deceased so they have something to sustain them in the afterlife. Very kind of you to do this, Quark. What are you up to? Wouldn't you be better off working in a lab? Ah, good man. Where's Quark? I'm in the mood for one of his famous Til'amin froths. Sounds like he's taking Morn's death pretty hard. I'll take over.
My medical requisitions. I don't know. Thought I might stretch my legs, see what was happening in Ops. Kira? What are you talking about? Guilt? About what? About medical requisitions? Don't be ridiculous. She means after dinner, but you don't have to answer that because we don't want to invade your privacy. Well, I think I should be getting back to the Infirmary. Unless there are any more details forthcoming. Goodbye. (Bashir leaves)
Major, the scheduled transport's been delayed and I need those medical supplies by the end of the week. I'm supposed to setting up a field hospital for a new colony on Campor Three next week. If I don't have get those medical supplies, the entire colonisation schedule could be set back by at least Stop right there, Major. When was your last day off? If you can't remember, then it's been too long. You're off duty as of this moment. Oh yes I can, And not even Commander Sisko can overrule my judgement as Chief Medical officer. My diagnosis is that you're overworked, and suffering from extreme stress and borderline exhaustion. As for my prescription? Follow me. [Quark's] Now, at least two of these items must be used and fully enjoyed before you can leave this facility. If I hear you didn't completely relax and enjoy yourself tonight, we'll do this every night until you do. Have fun. (Bashir leaves, Kira smiles and takes a sip of her juice, then a familiar voice comes out of the blue - or beard.)
I've managed to repair her fractured skull, and with a little rest she should be fine. Oh, a few bumps and bruises, but he's going to be fine as well. I don't see why not. (Sisko and Bashir leave. Nog has taken off the Red Squad insignia)
Julian. No Federation ship's ever been there. Ah. You'd better keep that warm. Foiled again. There goes our holosuite reservation. What's he doing? Or at night, when no one's around? Careful, Miles. He might hear you.
According to Chief O'Brien the scan resolution on the new sensors is amazing. We could practically do the entire bio-survey from orbit. How can you say that? Those little points of light out there are the great unknown, beckoning to us. I wish I could visit every one. Is it my imagination or are the stars a little brighter in the Gamma Quadrant? That's just outside Dominion space. What happened here? (A woman with red prominent facial veins staggers out and collapses.) Trevean? I'm going to give you something for the pain. No. The painkiller I gave her isn't having much effect. But their physiology's so different from ours, I doubt this blight is any danger to us. How did you manage that? These aren't exactly the friendliest people I've ever met. His look inflamed. So do that woman's over there. Then there is a treatment for the Blight? I'm sorry, I don't understand. I thought you said you could have helped her. I'm a doctor, and I have access to sophisticated diagnostic equipment. Trevean, if you tell us what you know about the Blight, we may be able to help. Make some room. I'm a doctor. Can't you see he's dying? What are you saying? You killed her? I thought this was a hospital and that you were a healer. Well, there's nothing for us to do here. We should go. Yes. When are you due? I'm Julian. What's your name? Nobody around here seems to want our help. Hold on, Major. We can't just leave these people. They need our help. But that could take weeks, maybe even months. We're here, now. Remember the plague on Boranis Three? People were dying by the thousands and nobody there knew why. It took us one hour to identify the pathogen, and three days to dose the watertable and inoculate the entire population. Come back for us in a week. With any luck, we'll have a cure by then. [House] Oh, don't be. This is fine. Can I use this table to set up my equipment? The first thing I need to do is run a complete biospectral analysis on an asymptomatic individual. How would you like to see a picture of your baby? (Later, samples are being tested and analysed.) There it is! It means we can start analysing its molecular structure, look for binding sites so we can tailor an antigen. I'm going to start mapping nucleotides. Can you run a protein sequencer? Starving. Well, thanks anyway. She's not interested either. I hope Dax is having better luck. Well, I need to chart the progression of the viral (the young man bumps into him) I'm sorry. Yes. Unfortunately it seems to like yours. What if I told you there was a chance you didn't have to die? I'm a doctor. I'm working on one. It won't cost you anything. I need volunteers, people who have quickened. I have medicines that can dull the pain. I have equipment unlike anything on your world. (to a boy) How would you like me to fix that arm so you can play with your friends over there? I'm not going to hurt you. (gets out the tricorder) You have got a fracture right here. I bet it hurts. (Bashir runs a bone knitter over it and removes the sling.) Better? (The boy flexes his arm, grabs the sling and runs over to his friends. The crowd are impressed.) I know that. I just want to do what I can to help. I'm not making any promises. I'm trying to chart the life-cycle of the virus. It would be a lot easier if I'd gotten more tissue samples. They've just been suffering so long they've lost hope that things can be better. But you don't feel that way anymore. Oh, no, not really. Well, with any luck, you'll see him have children of his own. Oh, a little. All right, everyone gets three milligrams, including you. (Ekoria injects herself.) Perfect. (Epran is in great pain, so Dax puts the device on his forehead.) He's further along than everyone else. I'm hoping he'll be the first to respond to the antigen. Think of it. She may well be holding the cure in her hands. Do you think we should tell her what she's giving them? I suppose. Oh? That's great news. Trust me. Well, I'd like to think it's my bedside manner. Doctors and nurses are supposed to project an air of caring competence. You were doing it in there. I was watching you. You're very good with patients. Well, some people don't like to be around the sick. It reminds them of their own mortality. Sometimes. I prefer to confront mortality rather than hide from it. When you make someone well, it's like you're chasing death off, making him wait for another day. Except Kukalaka. My first patient. A teddy bear. Oh, it's a sort of a soft puppet. Anyway, when I was a boy I took him everywhere I went. After a few years, he became a little threadbare until eventually his leg tore and some of the stuffing fell out. My mother was all set to throw him out, but I wouldn't have it, because at the tender age of five, I performed my first surgery. I re-stuffed him and sewed his leg closed. From that day on, I did everything I could to keep Kukalaka in one piece. I must have sewn and stitched and re-patched every square inch of that bear. Well, I wouldn't be much of a doctor if I gave up on a patient, would I? Oh, in a closet somewhere. (the truth) On a shelf in my room. Something's causing the virus to mutate. I don't see how. I need a micro-cellular scanner. My God! It's the EM fields from our instruments! (a woman screams) Shut everything down! Now! (Patients start crying out.) The mutation rate hasn't slowed. The effect must be cumulative. Give everybody four milligrams of cordrazine. (Epran fits, then stops.) (giving CPR) Come on breathe. Breathe. Breathe. Breathe! I remember running a haematology scan on Epran the other day. There were changes in the viral base-pair sequence, and I didn't know why. I should have put it together. Isn't it? I'm going to tell you a little secret, Jadzia. I was looking forward to tomorrow, to seeing Kira again and casually asking, how was the nebula? And oh, by the way, I cured that Blight thing those people had. These people believed in me and look where it got them. Trevean was right. There is no cure. The Dominion made sure of that. But I was so arrogant I thought I could find one in a week. Ekoria. I'm sorry. Ekoria, wait. [Runabout] (Bashir and Dax have beamed up. Kira stays sitting down to hide her growing bump. Nana is visibly pregnant with Sid's child by now.) I can't leave these people. Not now. Major. [Ruined town] (Bashir beams down with three cases of supplies.) [House] (Ekoria is bedridden and Bashir is doing things the old-fashioned way with bubbling beakers and a Bunsen burner .) There isn't a trace of the antigen I gave you in your bloodstream. Your immune system must've rejected it. (Ekoria gasps with pain.) Is it bad? I can give you another hypo, but you've so much cordrazine in your system already it might be hard on the baby's metabolism. I'm making a salve. How do you feel? Can you sit up? (He uses a tube to listen to her chest.) Breathe. Again? Now let's see how the baby's doing. His head's over here now. His heart's getting stronger every day. I'd say another six weeks. Well, I can induce labour in two weeks. The baby will be old enough by then. Trevean. I didn't realise you made house calls. I don't understand why you're so obsessed with death. From what I've heard, you've lived with the Blight longer than anyone. Push! Good. Good. Now breathe. Don't stop breathing. Don't stop breathing. Breathe. I can see his head. And push! Push! Yes, push. Yes. Yes. (New life has arrived, crying, and with no lesions.) My God. That's why there's no antigen in your system. It's all been absorbed through the placenta. Ekoria, he doesn't have any lesions. He doesn't have the Blight. (Bashir gives her the child. She looks at him and dies.) [Hospital] (Bashir shows the baby to Trevean and his attendants.) It's not a cure, it's a vaccine. Every pregnant woman should be inoculated with it as soon as possible. It won't help them, but it will protect their babies. The vaccine isn't difficult to make, but seeing that everybody gets it will be a huge task. I was hoping you'd ask that. (Bashir hands the child to Trevean. [Ruined town] (The people run to see their newborn saviour.) [Infirmary] Let's try an A to C base pair reshuffling. Thank you, sir. People are still dying back there. That's what I keep telling myself, sir. (Sisko leaves.) Initiate reshuffling sequence. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Easy now, I have you. And they'll get it. But first we'd better take a look at this wound. Bashir to Dax. We've got a patient who needs emergency treatment. Beam us to the Infirmary. There, that should do it. How do you feel? Good. Luckily your wound wasn't as serious as it looked. You've probably had a lot worse. You know, I've read all about your battle with Gul Zarale. Well, I consider myself to be a bit a history buff and I must say some of the campaigns you led against the Cardassians were truly remarkable Of course. I understand completely. [Promenade] Quark, Quark! Hold still. I said, hold still. No. This dermal regenerator should repair and damaged tissue as well as prevent scarring. Unless, of course, you don't hold still. There, that should do it.
Triple twenty! He's back in the zone today. Thank you, but I don't need your charity. Another game? A father's work is never done. Me? No. I'm not exactly the family type. That's me. A holographic doctor can literally replace a starship's medical officer during an emergency. There are many situations where a holo-doctor could be more beneficial than a humanoid. Research outposts, subspace communication stations, long-range exploratory vessels. Yes, it is quite a feather in my cap, sir. Thank you, sir. Thank you. This is a long questionnaire. Let's see. Compare and contrast your eating habits at age five with those at ages ten, fifteen, twenty, and twenty five? What do you want me to do? She's beautiful, isn't she? Her name's Leeta. My ex-girlfriend. She did. Interviews? I see. Well, regarding my family members, would you could refrain from Now? All right. I'll meet you in cargo bay three in ten minutes. Well, duty calls. I wonder if you could do a favour and consider not interviewing my parents? Well, to be blunt, we're not close, we haven't been for many years, and I would consider it a personal favour if you would er, sort of, leave my parents out of it. Well, thank you. I'll see you tomorrow. (Bashir leaves.) Yeah, it looks all right. Except for the eyes. They seem a little dead. They don't have that certain sparkle, that zest for life that greets me in the mirror every morning. Does it talk? He doesn't sound like much me. Actually, he sounds more like you. I'm a little concerned about the amount of argonite that's been seeping into the station's air supply. Yes. But it's on the rise and I'd like to (Dax enters) Oh, my God. Er, Captain, allow me to introduce Amsha and Richard Bashir, my parents. Interviews? No, he didn't. Yes, well, why don't I see if I can find you some accommodation for this evening. The Captain, father, is a very busy man. Chief, if you'll excuse us, I'd like a moment or two alone with Doctor Zimmerman. You brought my parents to this station against my explicit wishes that you keep them out of this project. You had no right to bring them here. You said it was urgent. Dad, you're talking to me now. You were a third class steward for all of six months. I thought you were. Yes. Right now I'm working on two studies of prion replication in ganglionic cell clusters. On DS Nine, I can do both. So, you're doing landscape architecture now. You always had good prospects, and they were always just over that horizon. Well, Doctor Zimmerman, as I understand it, is trying to build a complete psychological profile of me. He's going to be asking you all sorts of questions. Try to keep your answers as brief and to the point as you can. You don't want to give him any openings to probe into any awkward areas. Try not to take this too lightly. He's going to be asking detailed questions about my childhood and if you're not careful Look, I've got a lot at stake here. My whole career could be destroyed if Doctor Zimmerman gets wind of our little secret. Of course I've thought about that! That's why I want you to take this seriously. This is exactly why I haven't been home in three years. Is there something I can do for you? All right. (Amsha kisses him then she and Richard leave. Zimmerman and O'Brien come in from another room) Who were those people? (O'Brien switches the hologram off.) [Bashir's quarters] I can't believe you set them up like that! And you let it go on? You let them stand there and make fools of themselves while the two of you sat in the back room and laughed? I don't want to talk about it. There's going to be a formal investigation which will lead to my eventual dismissal from the service. The word you're looking for is unnatural, meaning not from nature. Freak or monster would also be acceptable. I was six. Small for my age, a bit awkward physically, not very bright. In the first grade, while the other children were learning how to read and write and use the computer, I was still trying to tell a dog from a cat, a tree from a house. I didn't really understand what was happening. I knew that I wasn't doing as well as my classmates. There were so many concepts that they took for granted that I couldn't begin to master and I didn't know why. All I knew was that I was a great disappointment to my parents. I don't remember when they made the decision, but just before my seventh birthday we left Earth for Adigeon Prime. At first, I remember being really excited at seeing all the aliens in the hospital. Then they gave me a room and began the treatments, and my entire world began to change. The technical term is 'accelerated critical neural pathway formation.' Over the course of the next two months, my genetic structure was manipulated to accelerate the growth of neuronal networks in my cerebral cortex, and a whole new Julian Bashir was born. Well, my mental abilities were the top priority, of course. My IQ jumped five points a day for over two weeks. Followed by improvements in my hand-eye coordination, stamina, vision, reflexes, weight, height. In the end, everything but my name was altered in some way. When we returned to Earth, we even moved to a different city, I was enrolled in a new school using falsified records my parents obtained somewhere. Instead of being the slowest learner, I was the star pupil. Oh, there's no stigma attached to success, Chief. After the treatments, I never looked back. But the truth is I'm a fraud. Starfleet Medical won't see it that way. DNA resequencing for any reason other than repairing serious birth defects is illegal. Any genetically enhanced human being is barred from serving in Starfleet or practising medicine. Oh, I am sure. Once the truth comes out I'll be cashiered from the service. It's that simple. There is something I can do. Resign before Doctor Zimmerman files his report. It's over, Miles. I always knew this could happen. Now it has. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'd like to be alone. [Quark's] (After hours, Rom is nursing a drink and Quark is clearing up.) We can't fight this. Neither of you is listening to me. I don't want to drag this through the courts. A new plan. Yes, let's come up with a new plan. That's the way we do things in this family, isn't it? We don't face our problems, we come up with new plans. Don't like your job? Well move along to the next one. Don't like the law? Well, find a way to get around it. But whatever you do, do not accept responsibility. You mean you're going to lose everything. You're going to lose your only real accomplishment in this life. Me. You said before, I'm your legacy, your proud gift to the world. Well, father, your gift is about to be revealed as a fraud, just like you. No, you used to be my father. Now, you're my architect. The man who designed a better son to replace the defective one he was given. Well, your design has a built-in flaw. It's illegal. You don't know that. You didn't give me a chance. I was six years old. You decided I was a failure in the first grade. No, you don't understand. I stopped calling myself Jules when I was fifteen and I'd found out what you'd done to me. I'm Julian. It makes every difference, because I'm different! Can't you see that? Jules Bashir died in that hospital because you couldn't live with the shame of having a son who didn't measure up! I'm sorry, mother, but the truth is Nothing. I'm going to visit Captain Sisko in the morning to explain the situation to him and tender my Starfleet resignation. Yes. I just want to leave the station quietly. [Captain's office] (Bashir enters to join his parents and an Admiral on the holo-comm.) Admiral. May I ask what's going on? What? You can't do this. Well, I want no part of it. I'm not going to just stand by while my father Two years? Isn't that a bit harsh? Goodbye, Mother. I'm sure they have visiting hours at your facility. Maybe I could Father. Thank you. Not my day. You know what, Chief? I never got a chance to thank you for what you said when Looks like it's your game again. At least. What makes you think that? Well, maybe I have been letting you win a little bit. I never said you couldn't.
It's all right, Chief. You're going to be just fine. Easy there, Chief. You have a mild case of radiation poisoning. I've given you some hyronalin, which should counteract the affects. But I think he should be restricted to light duty for the next few days. Well, the pain you experienced appears to be a muscle spasm caused by a sudden decrease in your serum calcium levels. It's a common side effect of radiation poisoning. I'm giving you some asinolyathin for the pain. Well, mild hallucinations are also a fairly common side-effect of radiation poisoning. What was the conversation about? Well, you do have one problem. If all you can hallucinate about is Quark's maintenance problems, you have a sadly deficient fantasy life. Any time. My doors are always open to you, Chief. [Wardroom] I ran a microcellular scan and detected minute damage to his cerebrospinal nerve cells which might have been caused by the time shifting. Yes, but the effect is cumulative. If you keep time shifting, there may come a point where the damage becomes irreparable. Eventually, it might even kill you. There. That's the game. Had enough? Chief, that's the tenth game we've played in a row. Nothing's happening here and I don't think anything is going to happen. By telling us about the fight, you've changed the future. Security's here and Quark said he won't let the Klingons back in the bar. There is not going to be a fight. All right. If it makes you feel any better, I'll beat you at another ten games. But I can't help getting the feeling (Three Klingons come out down the stairs.) Chief, it's all right. You collapsed outside Quark's about an hour ago. You're going to be fine. The temporal displacement caused by a quantum singularity most commonly affects delta series radioisotopes, which is exactly what the Chief absorbed during the conduit breach. Exactly. I think I may know a way to neutralise the remaining radioisotopes in your body. It's going to take time. He may experience one or two more time shifts before I can complete the process. Right away. (O'Brien and Bashir leave.) It looks like you're going to cheat death after all. Round about this time you saw yourself being killed. Well, it could've been worse. It could've been me. Chief! Oh, am I glad to see you. It was the radiation. I didn't realise it had damaged the basilar arteries in your brain stem until it was too late. It didn't show up on any of the diagnostics. I couldn't tell what had happened until I was doing the autopsy. Yes. I just finished doing it a few moments ago. Do you want me to show you the results? Now look. When you go back to the past, ask me to perform a basilar arterial scan. Now since you're going five hours back into the past, I should have enough time to find the damage and repair it before this happens. I didn't just let you die. I did everything I could to keep you alive for over an hour, but your body just gave up. I'm sorry, Chief, but there comes a point when the human body just gives up. Bashir to Infirmary. I need a nurse and an emergency medkit here immediately. [Guest quarters] It's all right, Chief. You're okay. Why? Who told you that? Oh. Well, who am I to argue with me? [Holding cell] (The third Klingon is thrown into a cell with the other two.) I've eliminated almost all the radioisotopes from his body. I have to wait a couple more hours before I give him the last treatment but after that there should be no more time shifting. Possibly, but those isotopes are toxic. It could cause permanent damage to your nervous system. It might even kill you. We might be able to calibrate the decay constant of the isotope that we inject you with to match the frequency of the singularity. And with a few minor adjustments we can control how far you jump into the future. Now, when you activate this device it'll inject you with a two rad dose of delta isotopes. Now, if our calculations are right, that should put you about three hours into the future. Plus or minus a half hour I'd say, but that's the best we could do. Now, it's already set for the return trip, so all you have to do is activate it again to return to the present. And remember, don't wait too long. Your body will be experiencing symptoms of severe radiation poisoning. If you don't get treatment it will kill you. Good. I understand, Miles. [O'Brien's bedroom] (O'Brien sits up and looks at the clock.) Chief, what happened? I don't understand it. Your body should be flooded with delta series radiation but there's only a tiny amount in your tissues. Your metabolic readings are different. What happened? So you're telling me that you remember playing this game with me in the future? All right, what am I going to hit? But that's remarkable. Listen, Chief, whether you're living in the past or in the present, you are Miles O'Brien. The only difference is, you have a few memories the other one didn't have. Now that sounds like a good idea. (O'Brien goes to the bar.)
I take it you didn't enjoy your brief stint on Romulus. You were posing as a gardener, weren't you? What was the assignment, anyway? Well, I'll be giving a talk on Dominion biogenic weapons, chairing a seminar on Ketracel white, and attending a meeting on a proposal to transfer twenty five Federation hospital ships over to Romulan control. Sorry to disappoint you. Admiral Ross and his staff will be discussing the exciting military issues. What do you mean? They're our allies, Garak. And with any luck, this could be the beginning of a entirely new friendship between our peoples. Guilty as charged. Well, I shall endeavour to become more cynical with each passing day, look gift horses squarely in the mouth and find clouds in every silver lining. Lights. (Sloan is sitting on a chair at the end of the bed.) Sloan. You're taking quite a risk. I could have a security team here in thirty seconds. I could scream for help. What do you want? I don't work for you. I didn't ask to be accepted. Lucky me. You want me to spy on an ally. This war isn't over and you're already planning for the next. How many times do I have to tell you, Sloan? I don't work for you. Odo's checked all the security logs. There's no indication of how Sloan got aboard or where he went. What about me? Somehow, I don't think giving Sloan any information is a good idea. And unofficially? So you want me to play along, pretend that I've decided to work for Sloan after all? That shouldn't be too difficult. Sloan thinks I'm already so tempted that I can barely can see straight. Well, listen, I'd better packed. The Bellerophon leaves in three hours. I understand. Thank you, Senator. It hadn't crossed my mind, actually. Need a medical team, sir? That's the spirit, sir. Never say die. If you've managed to attach yourself to this delegation, why do you need me? That doesn't surprise me he has a solid cover story, sir. But I think it's too dangerous to allow him to participate in the conference or even set foot on Romulus. We don't know what he's up to. Next. (A holographic Romulan identity parade is on-going.) Neral. Formerly Proconsul and now Praetor of the Romulan Star Empire. Neral's ascension to the top post was confirmed by the Continuing Committee a little over a year ago. His immediate family was killed in a Klingon raid approximately twenty five years ago. His interests include sociology and archeology. His favourite food is Delvan pudding and his pet set'leth's name is Pensho. Koval. Chairman of the Tal'Shiar. Section Thirty one believes that he was involved in the death of Vice Admiral Fujisaki last year, but there's no proof. Ambiguous. He hasn't been elevated to the Continuing Committee, which is usually a given for the head of the Tal'Shiar. His nomination's probably being held up because of his opposition to the Federation Alliance, which is supported by the majority on the Committee. I'm familiar with it. It's a neurological disease which affects mainly Romulans, Vulcans and Rigelians. It's degenerative and incurable at present. Is that what I'm here for? A diagnosis? What's the matter Sloan, doesn't Section Thirty one have its own doctors? I'm incapable of making a diagnosis by simply looking at a man. You're going to make a move against Koval, aren't you? You're going to find a way to use his illness to keep him off the Committee. I suppose it would be naive of me to point out that interfering in the internal affairs of a sovereign power is explicitly forbidden by the Federation charter. You can't justify that by manipulating a Yes. That's right. On Boranis Three, in the Gamma Quadrant. I don't believe we've been introduced. Ah. It's a pleasure to meet you. Well, you've got me there. It's just a simple form of expression, I suppose. We've had a little difficulty in recreating the exact RNA sequence of the virus, which why we've been unable to develop a vaccine. However, there are alternate methods of making vaccines which Basically. I beg your pardon? What makes you think I'm not working for them already? You are joking? Are you one of them? Well in my case it's a firm no. But you've answered my question with a question. What about Chairman Koval? I take it you two don't get along? Which are? Naturally. [Romulan lecture hall] (Bashir is giving his lecture with illustrations.) This is an adult female inhabitant of Boranis Three. The markings on the face are typical of a humanoid who's been infected by the disease, but who has not yet entered the terminal stage. (Koval is in the front row, very interested, and Sloan is two rows back.) In this next photograph, you can tell by the necrotic nature of the lesions the patient has indeed entered the terminal stage of the disease. This is also marked by an increase in leukocyte production. (At the end of the lecture, Bashir is shaking hands with the attendees.) Thank you. Next time I'll do the lecture with hand puppets just for you. Yes. He came to see me this morning between sessions. He wanted to know more about the Quickening. Specifically, if I knew how to replicate the virus and how to introduce it into a population. Didn't you hear what I just said? His eyelids were slightly displaced. He had a noticeable weakness in the facial muscles, possibly the result of compromised neuromuscular function. And his respiration was somewhat irregular. He may have Tuvan Syndrome, but if he does, it's in the very early stages. If his case fits the profile, he will start experiencing a loss of motor skills in ten to fifteen years, with a life expectancy in the twenty to twenty five year range. It happens, but in less than five percent of the cases. You know, I don't know what you're asking me. Sloan's more concerned with who gets the empty seat on the Continuing Committee. He's hoping that Cretak gets that. What makes her any different from Koval? Sir? Sloan did say that our mission would be strictly reconnaissance and that we wouldn't be called upon to do anything else. That could suggest another operative. Someone whose mission isn't limited to reconnaissance. Or a Romulan. Sir, I believe Sloan has an accomplice here, on Romulus. Two things. First, Sloan has too much information on the inner workings of their government, too many insights into their political process. Second, Sloan's plan is to kill Koval while making it appear to be an accelerated case of Tuvan Syndrome. Now the only way to do that would be to expose Koval to a short burst of nadion radiation. The simplest plan would be to manoeuvre him near a phaser relay and surreptitiously irradiate him. Now since I doubt very much that Sloan is going to have a chance to do that, it stands to reason someone else is going to have to. Exactly. Sir, Sloan may have already got things underway. We have to warn them. Admiral Aye, sir. [Bellerophon mess hall] (There are lots of green meanies around the Intrepid class ship - same as Voyager. Bashir is reading a PADD the window and overhearing a conversation.) Which admiral are you talking about? Where is he? I can't trust anyone aboard the Bellerophon and I can't contact DS Nine. For security reasons there's been a communications blackout. Senator, I have no one else to turn to. I need your help. I have reason to believe that Sloan has an accomplice within the Romulan government. Someone who's going to help him carry out this assassination. Section Thirty one isn't part of Starfleet Intelligence. You're absolutely right. That's why I'm doing everything I can to stop them. I'm trying to convince Sloan that Koval doesn't have Tuvan Syndrome. But he may have already asked his accomplice to proceed. So if we want to be sure to stop this assassination we have to find Sloan's Romulan accomplice. Sloan said something about Koval having a personal database. It stands to reason that it contains a list of potential suspects. Is there any possible way you can get me a copy of this database so that I can run an analysis of I'm asking you to put aside three centuries of mistrust between our peoples and help me stop a murder. Senator, if we can't reach out and bridge the gulf that is between us, if we can't trust each other, a man will die and we will be partially responsible. I need your help. Please. [Bellerophon quarters] Yes. I'm not convinced that Koval is suffering from Tuvan Syndrome. His symptoms could be the result of any number of different health problems. I'm not an expert on Romulan physiology. Most of my knowledge of Tuvan Syndrome comes from studies done on Vulcan patients. Yes, but there are some important genetic differences. And the more I study the available data on Romulan physiology, the less sure I am that my diagnosis was correct. The best way would be to do an examination, but I hardly think he'll agree to that. Probably. But how do you propose All right. [Romulan forum] (Everyone is back to normal uniforms now.) Mister Chairman? What a pleasure to see you again. (Koval hesitates, then shakes hands.) I'd be happy to resume our discussion on the Quickening before this conference is adjourned. Well then, I'm glad to have been able to help. Of course. I believe the lecture hall is empty. What shall we talk about? Sorry. You haven't asked me any questions yet. What I am about to say may be shocking. It may even damage the relations between our two peoples, but it's the truth. A few days ago, I became aware of a plot to assassinate Chairman Koval. It was conceived of by a man known to me only as Sloan. He works for an organisation called Section Thirty one. They see themselves as protecting the interests of the Federation, although they have absolutely no official standing. Once I realised what Sloan was attempting to do, I contacted Senator Cretak in order to enlist her aid in stopping him. I had no one else to turn to. I was unable to contact Deep Space Nine and I couldn't trust anyone aboard the Bellerophon. Yes. For all our differences, I do respect her. For reasons that are extremely complicated, I came to believe that there's a traitor in your government working for Section Thirty one. I asked the Senator to obtain the database so that we could expose this person and prevent the assassination. Admiral. Feeling better, sir? I have a question. Where's Sloan? Admiral, where's Sloan? The man Koval described was not the same man who recruited me into Section Thirty one. Anyone clever enough to pull the wool so completely over my eyes wouldn't have been caught by the Romulans so easily. There had to be another explanation. And then I remembered that you were the one who planted the idea in my head that Sloan had an accomplice. You were the one who didn't want to tell the Romulans that there was an assassination plot. You were the one who issued the orders preventing me from contacting Deep Space Nine. And when the time came to arrest Sloan, you conveniently had an aneurysm, leaving me alone with no one to turn to anyone for help except Cretak. And as I realised your involvement, the rest began to fall into place. Where is he? But he's alive, isn't he? How long has Koval been working for Starfleet? But in any case, we have our mole, working for us at the top levels of Romulan government. Good for us. And what about your friend Senator Cretak? What's going to happen to her? Executed? You set her up! She was an innocent woman and you let Sloan destroy her! Why? She believed in the Alliance. She was on our side. So Koval becomes your guarantee that that does not happen. As a man who was nearly killed for his anti-Federation activities, his recommendation to stay in the war becomes all the more convincing. And how long have you worked for Section Thirty One? Oh. Just a temporary alliance, is it? You don't see anything wrong with what happened, do you. That's a glib answer and a cheap way to avoid the fact that you've trampled on the very thing that those men and women are out there dying to protect! Does that not mean anything to you? In time of war, the law falls silent. Cicero. So is that what we have become? A twenty fourth century Rome driven by nothing more than the certainty that Caesar can do no wrong! Are you expecting applause? Have you come to take a bow? For what? Allowing you to manipulate me so completely? Should I feel sorry for you? Should I be weeping over the burden you're forced to carry in order to protect the rest of us? Bashir to Security. Never mind. My mistake.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
It's white. It's the wrong shape, it's the wrong height, the wrong width. Other than that, it's perfect. The Captain will never suspect you switched desks on him. I'm afraid Nog's the only one who can help you now. Maybe he's not coming back. Maybe he'd decided to make a run for it. (Kira enters.) He's going to paint it. Miles, the Captain's back. Good luck.
This is Bashir. On my way. [Wardroom] (Bashir enters to cheers and applause.) What's this? Well thank you. Now will someone please tell me what's going on? There must be some mistake. As far as I know, my name wasn't even up for consideration. It feels good. Excuse me, I've got to finish some work. [Turbolift] What exactly is it you want me to say? Believe me, I'm honoured to have been nominated. [Promenade - upper level] It's just that I don't want everyone to make a big deal out of it. I'm glad, but before you agonise over the next few days over the board's decision, I want to assure you that I'm not going to win. This isn't about my work. Do you know what the life expectancy of a Carrington Award winner is? Five years. Ten at the very best. And do you know why? Because the Carrington Award is intended to be the crowning achievement for a lifetime in medicine. April Wade is a hundred and six. The last time she was nominated, three years ago, people said it was premature. Maybe, a little. But the undeniable truth is I am way too young to be a serious contender for the Carrington. Now, put my name up for nomination in seventy years, and I promise you I will get very excited. But until then, I don't plan on giving it much thought. You sound surprised. So then we don't have to dwell on it for the next three days. I appreciate that, Jadzia. I don't know about this. Chief, since Keiko's been on Bajor we've played one hundred and six games of racquetball. I'm a bit rusty. That seems to be the general consensus. Either of them would be a worthy recipient of the Carrington. Thank you. You don't say. Chief, you are absolutely right. So, how much longer is Keiko going to be on Bajor? (O'Brien misses this time.) [Quark's quarters] (Now it's a hi-tech office and the waiters are scurrying around with PADDs.) Well, I must say, for a Ferengi your age, you're in excellent health. That is, aside from some vascular damage to your mucus membranes. You really should stop using beetle snuff. I am glad to hear it. Why would I do that? There's nothing wrong with him, Quark. I've done every test I can think of. There's no trauma, brain damage, mental illness. His central nervous system's working within normal parameters, and his endocrine system's in terrific shape. Quark, if you don't get out of here, I'll perform some tests on you. Like what? I don't think that's necessary. Good luck. If I remember correctly, Nairobi is beautiful this time of year. (Zek offers Bashir a piece of latinum.) I can't accept that. Ceremony? By all means. And what can I do for you? Really? Which is? Oh, not you too. Even if that's true, and mind you, I'm not saying it is, the only one who has reason to celebrate is Ghee P'Trell. According to your friend. I get the picture. I didn't think I was going to win before. And I don't think I'm going to win now. How did you know? (in the Infirmary) It is corporeal. (Infirmary) And linear time. (Infirmary) Yes. The Zek explained the value of gain. How more is preferable to less. We restored the Zek to an earlier, less adversarial state of existence. Aggressive. Intrusive. Maybe, in forty or fifty years. Believe me, I'm not.
Hard work and plenty of it, that's what I prescribe. Yes? It's a song that I had Vic Fontaine record for me. Yes, he's a character in a holosuite programme of mine. I thought it might take our minds off our troubles. Is it bothering you? Hey. Hey. Hey! Not really. I'm inclined to agree with Ezri on this one. The mind has a strong natural instinct for survival. Now, for whatever reason, Nog's mind has chosen to take shelter in the world of Vic Fontaine.
Ah, there he is now. I've been waiting for you, Chief. No excuses this time. I'd like you in my office in an hour. Your physical. You can't put this off any longer. It's a perfect day. Commander Sisko has arranged to have you covered and Because this has been. I just know how you feel about I'm afraid I'll have to insist. If I have to order you as your superior officer, I will. Mister O'Brien says he's unavailable for a physical. Any dizziness? Oversleeping? Lack of energy? Euphoria? Seriously. Eye problems? Hearing? Headaches? Short temper. Flies off the handle under the slightest provocation. Perfectly normal behaviour. Sorry. I know how you feel about doctors. Well, your sense of humour seems normal enough Cough. How's the sex life? Cough. Everything all right in that department? Mother and father in good health? Did I? Of course. Now I remember. Not quite. I just have one or two more tests to run. Relax, Chief. I'm giving you a clean bill of health. You can get dressed. [Promenade] Here, this'll help you relax. (O'Brien throws his flash grenade down, blinding everyone as he grabs Kira's phaser and dashes out) There was no way to prove he wasn't you. He passed a physical exam with flying colours, and he sure knew his way around the station. By the time we learned of your rescue, he'd already gotten away from us and was on his way here.
Bashir to Infirmary. Medical emergency on the Promenade. Yes, yes. (O'Brien takes the bread and keeps eating.) Modern playwrights have become obsessed with writing human interpretations of alien theatrical works while ignoring completely our own unique cultural heritage in hopes of. Chief, are you listening to me? I thought so. And what do you think? Any of it. Say you agree. Say you disagree. Say you hate theatre. Just say something. Yes, but I was hoping for a little more conversation with my plomeek soup. Well, I suppose Garak taught me to think of lunch as a sort of arena for philosophical debate. I take it there's still no word about Garak and Odo? Are they going to do anything to stop Tain? Oh, that looks painful.
Look, I have twelve wounded officers and crewmen out there, all of whom are in a lot worse shape than you, Garak. What happened? You'll live. I admit the odds are not good, but they could be worse. It really wasn't that difficult. I simply started with a binomial I have nothing to hide anymore. I might as well use what I have. Thirty two point seven. Do you want me to take you through the entire set of calculations? Excuse me? Are you trying to insulting me? Don't take it so personally, Garak. It's strictly a matter of mathematics. If I'm a Vulcan, then how do you explain my boyish smile? Captain. We've been ordered to report to Starbase three seven five for reassignment. I have news of the Seventh Fleet. Only fourteen ships made it back to our lines. We can't keep taking these kinds of losses, sir, not if we expect to win this I'll take a look at that arm now. (Bashir and Sisko leave. Sisko thumps the table, shattering it's glass top.) Permanent Documentation File, Dukat, SG. Each day brings reports of new victories. The war continues to go well. The enemy is retreating on almost all fronts. It's only a matter of time before the Federation collapses and Earth becomes another conquered planet under Dominion rule. All in all, it's a good time for Cardassia, and the Dominion. [Wardroom] Without the White to sustain them, the Jem'Hadar won't be able to function. How do you expect us to infiltrate Cardassian territory without the Defiant and its cloaking abilities? Do you even know how to fly that thing? The same people who build a ship without an Infirmary. Here's a list of all the medical supplies I brought on board. They're in my quarters, for want of a better place. I'm so glad that you find the lack of proper medical facilities amusing. But if trouble breaks out, it's not a viewscreen or a chair or even a sandwich you'll be wanting. It's a bio-bed with a surgical tissue regenerator. Garak, come to see us off? There. I wish I had had more time to study the side effects of wearing that headset. Well, the headsets were designed to be worn by the Vorta and the Jem'Hadar, not humans. I agree with Garak, Captain. The less you wear it, the better. (Sisko hands over the second headset.) We can't do that. They're Starfleet. (BOOM) You think Reynolds will outrun them? Three minutes? If it takes us ninety two point three seconds to make the exchange that doesn't give us much time, sir. The Jem'Hadar don't eat, Nog. If they don't drop the net before the bomb goes off, we don't stand a chance. Then why aren't they letting us go? We have to go to full impulse one point three seconds before the bomb detonates. Seventeen years, two months, and three days. Give or take an hour. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Look, we're all on the same side here. We all want to stop the arms shipments. Why not work together? How many Maquis ships are we expecting? So we'll have three ships and they'll have two. The odds are in our favour, anyway. Do you really think they're coming? They know we're waiting for them, after all.
Excuse me. Major? How did you know? (The turbolift stops just below the floor level) I understand that, sir, but it's getting ridiculous, isn't it? How much longer are we supposed to put up with these malfunctions? Apparently it is. Here I am. You're right about that, sir. You're right about that. [Tavern] (Bilby, Krole and Flith are playing cards when O'Brien enters.) Well, you took an enormous risk by telling him. He could have killed you. Well, all I can say is that you're lucky Chadwick decided not to put everything in his report. That's not fair and you know it. You did what you had to do. Your duty. It is the truth. Look, I'm sorry that I don't have all the answers. All I know for sure is that I'm glad you're back. (Bashir leaves. Chester goes over to O'Brien and jumps onto his lap.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I think that would be best. Given his condition, I don't want him coming in contact with any hazardous materials. Vilix'pran is budding. His buds are undergoing individuation in just over a month. Twins. O'Brien and I are throwing him a baby shower in a couple of days. I think it would mean a lot to him if you were there. O'Brien's building him a hatchling pond and I've put an order in with Garak for some new baby clothes. Aye, sir. (Sisko leaves Bashir.)
It's almost as though the re-filtration processors were waiting for Chief O'Brien to leave before breaking down. Perhaps we ought to call in a Romulan repair service. Another raktajino? I can think of better ways of keeping you up. And they're more fun than drinking Klingon coffee May I escort you to your quarters? Oh, well, good night then. (Dax leaves, and the men come out of their hiding place to follow her.) Not necessary, Julian. But not forbidden, either. [Corridor] Dax! (Bashir hits Tandro then bumps his head against the bulkhead. An alien woman takes out Bashir while Dax fights the male. Her comm. badge is removed and she's knocked out. The aliens drag her away) [Ops] Bashir to Ops. [Ops] Three people [Corridor] I think they just took Jadzia. [Ops] She tried to struggle with them, and I tried to help No, that's where I am. [Corridor] They just left her comm. badge. [Ops] Oh, not sure, really. (Meanwhile, in another corridor) Excuse me, sir. I don't know that there is any medical evidence on that. I'm afraid it's a bit more complicated than that. The symbiont and the host are biologically interdependent. Ninety three hours after they've joined, neither can survive without the other. Certainly not. Aside from the gender change, there's a marked difference in blood types, metabolisms, nervous system, height, weight. What is relevant, sir, is my analysis of the brain waves of Curzon and Jadzia Dax. As you can see, they are distinctly different, which clearly illustrates that Curzon and Jadzia are two unique individuals. Thank you. I'd be happy to explain anything you wish. It's quite complicated, actually. First of all, there are two cerebral nuclei. One in the symbiont and one in the host. Like two computers linked together. They don't function separately. I just don't see the relevance of Yes. With the available evidence, there's no way of telling. I wouldn't care to guess. (big pause) No.
So, when is this clash of the titans? A bunt. A ball which has been deliberately tapped into the area between the pitcher and the catcher by the batter in order to force the fielding side to throw out the batter and allow a runner to advance. You're making that up. Fancy Dan. A fielder who puts an extra flourish on his movements while making a play in hopes of gaining the approval of the spectators. Good luck, Jake. Don't throw it to her. You've got to throw it to someone who's looking at you. (Quark tries an underarm throw.) He's out, I'm afraid. His rotator cuff was badly torn. I've repaired the rotator cuff, but the ligaments need time to knit together with the clavicular joint. I can't let him to play. Well, excuse me, I still have to realign Worf's zygomatic bone. Hang in there, Rom! So we've decided to quit unless he reinstates you immediately. What are you eating? Chewing what? They just chewed it? What did you infuse it with? Mmmm. [Wardroom] (Strategy display 4577 with a series of alternative playing field positions.) Mine! (The ball lands exactly between them.) Well don't look at me. You called it. I was out of position! And for all our emotionally handicapped races. Doesn't seem very sporting. Chief? I think that means you're in charge now. Now that is a Fancy Dan! A bunt? To manufactured triumphs. That sounded positively defensive to me.
Doctor Nydrom, how's our muon charge? Go ahead, please. (A woman puts a cylinder of orange stuff into the central machine - think Tardis console) Computer, this is harvester test sequence three hundred and seventy five. Once more unto the breach. I hope this works, because quite frankly I'm running out of ideas. Is that all it's been? It feels like we've been working more than a month. I've never seen a nanobiogenic weapon so resistant to broad spectrum radiation. It's just a matter of finding the right combination of muon frequencies. It should be simple, but it's not. All right, Chief. I'm introducing the harvester into the genetic bath. Beginning muon influx now. (The stuff comes out green) Doctor, please check for any gene-disrupter phasing. Are you sure? Check the sequence again. It worked all right. It was our pleasure, I assure you. We will begin immediately. (There are stacks and stacks of them.) [Commander's office] Commander, we have some good news to report. You have? Actually, it was a team effort Luckily, it worked. Yes, it's set for tonight, but the Chief is quite anxious to return back to the station. I agree. If that's okay with you, Chief. That's the spirit. Yes, sir. My pleasure. They're all dead. They must be jamming communications with the runabout. (Weapons fire on the other side of the door.) But they'll be able to follow us. Chief! Chief, in here. Why not? There's food and medical supplies. Well, did you find anything? Good. At least we won't starve. Here. Why not, Chief? I thought you loved military rations. Well, we've got to keep our strength up. We're going to have to find some way of warning the T'Lani the Kelleruns have broken the treaty. Maybe they didn't ha d over all the harvesters for destruction. I suppose, but that might mean continuing the war for another hundred years. Well, whatever the reason, we'd better keep moving. But that won't be for at least another day. He still thinks we're celebrating on T'Lani Prime. Do you think you can get it working? I thought maybe I could help. I took the engineering extension courses at Starfleet Medical. They were actually quite informative. Yes. Of course. I'll inventory the supplies. My pleasure. (Cylinder goes down and up) Chief? So, having any luck? I'm sorry. It's just all this standing around. I'm used to doing something constructive. Don't worry, I will. You'll make it work, Chief. It's the kind of challenge you live for. You know, I was looking forward to the celebrations on T'Lani Prime. I don't know if you'd noticed, but T'Lani women are quite attractive. Of course not. But you are married. Just as long as you don't let your wife see you look. For me, tonight's celebrations would have been an adventure. The most you could have hoped for was a good meal. No, it isn't. Though I do think about them a lot. I did once. Not quite. Close. I don't know. Somehow marriage just doesn't seem fair. Fair to them. I mean, look at us. Our lives are constantly in danger. There's enough to worry about without worrying about the wife and kids at home worrying about us. I'm sorry, Chief. I just feel that way. A lot of career officers feel that way. Really? That may be so. I just look at you and Mrs O'Brien and I Nothing. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. It's no secret that your assignment to this station hasn't been conducive to your marriage. Why don't we just forget it. Are you cold? No. Actually it's quite warm in here. You're looking a little pale. Your blood pressure's low. You're running a fever. You'd better sit down. Roll up your sleeve. Do it. Please. (There's a nasty lesion on the skin) You were behind the genetic bath when it shattered, weren't you? You've been infected by the harvesters. [O'Brien's quarters] Chief? You'd better sit down. I'll take over from here. Because you're going to talk me through it. Now, take a seat. Now, tell me where you left off. No. Yes, I see it. You were right, Chief. The contacts on the subprocessor are corroded. I think there are some sterile pads in the med kit. Here we go. (He rubs at the component) Don't leave me, Chief. I still need you. Who? Palis. Palis Delon. She was a dancer, a ballerina. She had the most exquisite feet. I'm serious. It's very important for a dancer to have good arches. She was gorgeous, not to mention brilliant. I used to watch her on stage. I couldn't believe how anyone could be so graceful. We were crazy about each other. I used to think, Julian, you lucky devil. You've found the perfect woman. We used to finish each other's thoughts. There. (the component) What do you think? Looks like we have some power, anyway. Still no response from the transmitter, though. What happened is I graduated. Her father was the top administrator at a medical complex in Paris. He offered me a job, promised I'd be Chief of Surgery within five years I can't tell you how close I came. But, here I am. Yeah. Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night and I think to myself, will I ever find anyone that wonderful again? The oscillator's working, but the frequency is still fluctuating. What is it? Chief! Chief, it's working. The signal's very faint That's better. It's still pretty weak though. I'm sending a distress signal. It's set to repeat every two minutes. Let's hope the T'Lani find us before the Kellerun do. Don't worry, Chief I'm going to get you home. Nonsense. Don't go giving up on me now. You'll tell them yourself. Whatever you say, Chief. Chief. Chief, you'd better get some rest. The T'Lani will be here soon. [Laboratory] (Sisko is walking around with a tricorder) Chief! Chief! Don't leave me now. Breathe. That's better. Now it you're doing it. (Bashir gives him a hypo) Not since I left Earth. Well, maybe one day I will. (Footsteps outside, then E'Tyshra enters) Ambassador E'Tyshra, am I glad to see you. Chief O'Brien was infected by the harvesters when the Kelleruns attacked your ship. They killed all of the scientists. (Enter Sharat) You're too late, Sharat. But why kill Nydrom and the others? But we'd already destroyed the harvesters. There was no reason for more killings, unless But we have no use for such horrible weapons. I'm sorry I didn't get us home, Chief. Why thank you, Chief. That means a lot. (and they are beamed out) [Runabout Ganges] Commander, am I glad to see you. Chief O'Brien going to be dead within the hour if we don't get him back to the station. He was exposed to the harvesters. That should stabilise him for now. We would have been, if the T'Lani and Kelleruns had had their way. They're killing everyone involved in the harvesters project. How's my patient? You should be out of here by tomorrow. I just wanted to let you to know how much I appreciated what you said back on T'Lani Three. That it was an honour serving with me. And I'd like to return the compliment, if I may. It's been an honour serving with you, too, Chief. You know, Mrs O'Brien, they say when two people face death together, it creates a bond that cannot be broken. I never believed that until I was Hmm? Oh, er, of course. You'd like to be alone. I understand. (Bashir leaves)
Well, there are no signs of any permanent neural damage, although I am reading some odd synaptic potentials. Let me ask you something, does my uniform look any brighter to you? It's called post-neural shock syndrome. Your neural pathways were overloaded by the plasma burst. All external stimuli are going to seem more pronounced. It's going to take a while for things to settle down though, so I'm going to put you on restricted duty for the next three days. And if you experience any other side effects such as headaches, dizziness, even nausea, let me know immediately. In the meantime, enjoy the show. [Sisko's quarters] His runabout only docked twenty five minutes ago, sir. I'm sure he's on his way. I examined him before he left for Bajor. He didn't complain of any new symptoms, but my scans still showed the same odd synaptic potentials. I was hoping the problem would have cured itself by now. I could try neuro-polaric induction. But that's a very serious operation, and I'd rather not do it unless it were absolutely necessary. He didn't have much choice. The Bajorans are deeply committed to their spirituality, not to mention incredibly stubborn. They believe that Captain Sisko is the Emissary and nothing's going to change their minds. I told you held be here, sir. [Promenade] (Sisko goes over to a couple.) Captain? He's the Emissary. [Infirmary] That should do it. I'll have the test results in a few minutes. Captain, why didn't you tell me about these headaches of yours? Well, if you'd stayed busy much longer you could have died. The area of unusual neural activity has increased another eight percent. As a result, your basal ganglia are starting to depolarise. I'm going to have to operate, try to repolarise your neural sheaths. Well, there's no way to tell for sure. But I assume if I can complete the procedure, your brain activity will return to normal and the visions will stop. If I don't operate, sir, you could die. His entire central nervous system is depolarising. We have to operate immediately. It's not that simple. Captain Sisko refused surgery and I can't go against the decision of my patient. Not without the express consent of his closest relative. Prepare for surgery. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you all to leave. Nurse. [Promenade] (At the Temple entrance.) We had no choice. You were dying.
He's alive, but there's an excess of neural energy in his cerebral cortex. I'm not sure of that. I'm not sure of that, either. [Terok Nor Ghetto] (Sisko wakes up back in the Cardassian occupation, wearing a Bajoran miners overall. Odo, Dax and Garak are nearby.) There's a high level of neural activity which suggests that their conscious minds are active, and yet there's no response to any external stimuli. What's the word on the runabout? Computer, are current neural readings for subjects Odo, Sisko, Dax and Garak consistent with the effects of encountering a class two plasma storm? None? Computer, how many medical records are there on space plasma phenomena? Well, it would appear that a common phenomena has had an uncommon effect on our people. Good. In the meantime I have some reading to do. [Terok Nor Ghetto] Garak's septial capillaries burst at this point. The pattern of his delta waves shows some unusual activity at the same moment. The bleeding might be the result of some kind of psychosomatic response. Under certain conditions, people have been known to alter their blood pressure, lower their body temperature, even manifest a tumour as a result of psychological stimuli. I don't think he could spontaneously break a bone, but he could certainly stop his heart or break a key blood vessel in his brain. At the risk of repeating myself, I just don't know. [Terok Nor Ghetto] Constable? [Surgery] (Everyone is waking up.) Whatever it is you've been through has taken its toll. [Security office] As far as I can tell, the four of you were locked into some version of the Great Link. Well, it seems you're not as solid as you think. When I ran a neurochemical scan of your brain, I found residual traces of morphogenic enzymes which I've only detected before in changelings. Your mind reached out to find other changelings to form the Link, but all it could find was Sisko, Dax and Garak. It would make a fascinating paper. (gets a Look) Although I don't intend to write one. (Kira enters) If you have any questions, you know where to find me. (Bashir leaves)
I'm afraid the prognosis isn't good. The disease has already spread throughout your digestive tract, your circulatory and respiratory systems, and your cartilaginous tissue. I'm not sure. There are still some treatments we can try. Hexadrin therapy or neuroregeneration procedures. If Ghemor's pain gets too severe, push this. It'll administer a small dose of triptacedrine. If you want to replenish the medication, be sure and turn this valve, disconnect it from here, and replace it with a new supply. If you don't want to do it yourself, you can always call for a nurse to help. I hope you're right. Looking with someone with a terminal condition isn't easy, especially in this case where you'll be acting as Ghemor's only source of emotional support. I'm sure you do. Well, let me know if you need anything. (Bashir leaves.) Bashir to Major Kira. Please report to Ghemor's quarters immediately. [Ghemor's quarters] He's not responding to the hexadrin therapy anymore. I thought you should know that Ghemor's condition has deteriorated. He'll be dead within the hour. Is that it? Thank you for the information? Ghemor is dying. Major, he wants to see you. Major, please, it's almost over. There's no more questions to ask, no more work to be done. Just go to his quarters and sit with him. Fine. You must do what you want. But I think you're making a mistake. Regardless of what Ghemor's done in the past, he doesn't deserve to die alone. Nobody does. [Bajoran resistance] (The fighters have returned from their mission, laughing.) Cause of death was CNS failure brought on by Yarim Fel syndrome. One witness was present, a Major Kira Nerys of the Bajoran Militia. Witness's statement is attached. Major, we're done here. It never is. He knew. You gave him what he needed. He didn't die alone. Just like you tried to run from Ghemor. But in the end, you did. You were there for Ghemor.
It's good to see you again, Carrie. A planetary survey report? I would have thought you'd be a little disappointed, too. After all, it could have been from one of the survivors of the Cardassian fleet that was lost in the Gamma Quadrant. Yes, he has his moments. [Airlock] (Garak breaks into a docked ship.) [Runabout] (Bashir is waiting for him with a phaser.) Going somewhere? You mean that you were lying about the contents of the message? You said you'd given up on the Cardassian survivors who were lost in the Gamma Quadrant. Well, Ziyal was right. You're not the giving up sort. I had a good teacher. What did the message really say, Garak? Tain? But you said you'd seen his ship destroyed by the Dominion. You don't owe Tain anything. He had you exiled from Cardassia. So let me get this straight. You want me to lie to my commanding officer, violate Starfleet regulations, and go with you on a mission into the Gamma Quadrant which will probably get us both killed? In that case, let's go. To Captain's Sisko's office. [Captain's office] Captain, you can't let him go. It's too dangerous. One ship. Things are looking brighter. B negative, in case you were wondering. It's all we've got. Everyone except that Breen. No blood. Over a month ago. I was attending a burn treatment conference on Meezan Four. I went to bed one night and woke up here. I can only imagine what my replacement is up to on the station. Frankly, I'm glad you came. Misery loves company. From what I've seen of him over the last month, he doesn't come across as the forgiving type. If that's true, it's a lesson I'd rather no learn. Garak. (Garak covers Tain's face, and Worf and Martok enter.)
Nervous, Chief? That's your fifth cup of coffee in twenty minutes. Nervous and irascible. Believe me, I'm looking forward to Keiko and Molly's visit just as much as you are. How many games of racquetball have we played in the last two months? No, try seventy. I've been keeping track of that, too. And you know what all those games have proved to me? That I'm a poor substitute for your wife. Four months. Why that's another hundred and fifty games of racquetball. I don't think my elbow can take that kind of abuse. Maybe you can try and convince her to stay. Go ahead, Commander. Aye, sir. [Infirmary] Her vital signs are normal. Her brain activity is normal. No sign of infection or intoxication of any kind. She's the picture of health. I think we've both been victims of a practical joke. Commander Sisko's party? That's strange. A little while ago, Jadzia had Commander Sisko convinced that she was in love with him. He even had me examine her to make sure she was all right. Apparently it was only a joke. Maybe I should take another look at Jadzia's test results. Excuse me. Constable, Would you tell Commander Sisko that I'll be a little late? (Lwaxana gets an ache. and so do Bashir and Kira.) I should be getting to the Infirmary. That wouldn't be a bad idea. [Infirmary] This won't take long. (Kira and Bashir fall into each others arms.) [Wardroom] I wonder what Commander Sisko wanted? This is very embarrassing. Definitely. (Odo and Lwaxana enter.) Tell him. Oh, tell him I'll be there shortly. Right. I need yours too. You've got to get me away from Kira. I can't keep my hands off her. That may be, but according to my tests you show all the symptoms. Zanthi Fever is a virus which effects the empathic abilities of mature Betazoids. It causes them to project their own emotions onto others. Not everyone. Only those within close proximity to her when she had an attack. And even then there would have to have been some pre-existing latent attraction. Only on a subconscious level. Best not think about it too much, if you ask me. A simple wide spectrum antiviral agent should cure Mrs Troi, and as for everyone else, well they'll be back to normal in a day or two. Excuse me. I promised Nerys that I'd meet her in her quarters this evening. Chief?  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I told Sisko he'd never get close to Terok Nor, and I was right. And we will. But this time we do it my way. We smuggle explosives aboard the station, plant them in her quarters, and detonate them. I say it's worth the risk. We're glad you're all right. We've been meaning to talk to you about that. Look, I don't even know why we're bothering to discuss this. The Cardassians destroyed your ship way before it got even close to Terok Nor. And even if you had made it there, there was no guarantee you could've convinced your wife of anything. Let's face it, Captain, the woman hates you. (Sisko knocks Bashir down.) No one is questioning your authority, Captain. But we have got to stop her before she finishes that sensor array. We have to kill her. Well maybe it's time he listened.
I knew that my paper was controversial, but I had no idea it would turn the entire conference upside down. Believe me, Jake, panel discussions between doctors are usually a lot more civilised than that. Oh, that was just a veneer. That paper stepped on quite a few toes, I can tell you. It's heresy to even consider the possibility that prion replication could be inhibited by quantum resonance effects. Aren't you going to take any notes? According to the so-called experts, it's all a matter of amino acid re-sequencing and disulfide shuffling. Quantum dynamics has nothing to do with it. (underneath) But how can that be? After all, peptide bonds can be reconfigured on a Quantum level. Ah, now get this. This is very good. A few months ago (underneath) I was running a neural scan and noticed some anomalous protein readings. I thought there must be some mistake, so I ran an at the Journal and amino acid sequence to be sure. But there it was again, the prion mutation rate had spiked. I couldn't believe it. It meant the anomalous proteins had to have a strong quantum resonance. Do you follow? Good. Because that's the key. The protein anomalies. They indicate a correlative (underneath) Increase in prion replication. And that can only mean one of two things either the peptide bonds are unstable, or some other factor is causing the mutations. Rather than start the labourious process of running Quantum scanning each and every peptide bond, I thought I'd begin to make some kind of (Comm. beeps) It's a distress call from the Federation colony on Ajilon Prime. They're under attack. The Klingons have landed troops. The main hospital's been damaged. They're short on doctors and running low on supplies. It's risky. The hospital's only fifty kilometres away from the front line. Maybe, but that's not the same as putting you into one. You're too young to die, Jake. I hope I don't regret this. We'll be there in just under an hour. I can only imagine what your father's going to say. I'll get you out of there as soon as reinforcements arrive. Besides, I wouldn't want you to miss the deadline on your story. Do you think they want a picture of me? Anyway, about those quantum scans I was telling you about. (underneath) Instead of scanning each peptide bond, it occurred to me that I could scan for irregularities in the [Ops] No, we can't leave the runabout in orbit, not with the Klingons around. Besides, the colonists moved what was left of the medical equipment underground when the hospital was destroyed and there's magnesite in the rock face. There's no way to transport through it. Looks like there's a clearing about a kilometre away from the main settlement. Jake, things could get a little rough down there. They've got a lot of wounded. We got a distress call. Just keep out of the way, please. (to Ensign) Let's get you up on the table. It doesn't look that bad. This is a phaser burn. Just sit tight. We'll get to you as soon as we can. I'd like to try an aortal graft. Since you two aren't busy, would you mind carrying me to the nearest replicator so that I can get something to eat? [Captain's office] (Odo limps in and sits carefully.) Here you go. How are you holding up? You handled yourself well today. I'm impressed. Think I'll start with a lateral incision across the thigh joint. Uh oh. Hang on. Out we go. Come on. (Bashir rushes Jake out to be sick.) How do you feel? How could I forget? Oh, he'll probably be court-martialed. It happens. Simulations can't prepare you for the real thing. Nothing can. Well let me tell you, Jake. There are plenty of situations in life which test a person's character. Thankfully, most of them don't involve death and destruction. [Cavern - staff room] Oh, thanks. I'll see you later. How is he? Thanks. You have a good team. My OR Nurse was sharp as they come. Well, the fleet's regrouping for a counterattack. I think the Rutledge and the Tecumseh are heading things up. Well, believe me, Captain Raymond is one of the best there is. He saw the Tecumseh through the Cardassian wars. I don't think he's planning on losing her now. They're keeping you busy. She's fibrillating! The runabout. There's a portable generator on the runabout. About a kilometre south of here. I'll need help carrying it though. We set down just over that ridge. Get down! (BOOM!) Stay close. And keep your head low. (More explosions. Bashir gets to a large rock before Jake manages to move himself.) Whatever happens, one of us has to get that generator. Stick with me. (Bashir goes first, trying to keep large rocks between them and the source of the shelling.) Come on, Jake! (Explosions between them, so Jake retreats to the previous cover.) Jake! (Bashir is knocked out by an explosion. Jake beats a rapid retreat. He keeps on running until he trips and lands on the corpse of a Klingon. There are Starfleet dead nearby too. He's found a battlefield, so he runs again. Over a ridge and tumbling down the other side to -) [Crater] (As Jake slides into the rocky hole, he gets punched. His attacker is a wounded human. The explosions have stopped.) Jake! Oh, thank God. I thought you'd been killed. Once the shelling had stopped and I couldn't find you, I assumed the worst. I am so sorry. No. No, it isn't. I should never have brought you here in the first place. Now we're stuck here, the Klingons are massing to attack. What was I thinking! Jake. Jake! Let's take a walk. [Cavern - tunnel] Look, I know you're scared. We all are. What, Jake? What is it? Come on. That's not what set you off. Something's eating at you, I can see it. Ever since you came back you've been walking around looking miserable. Jake. All right, if that's what you want. But if you want to talk you know where to find me. (Bashir leaves. Jakes sits down and finally cries. Then he falls asleep until BOOM! Shelling starts and rocks start falling.) [Cavern - staff room] We have to keep calm. Focus on our jobs. Those people out there need us. The others are out defending the perimeter. Jake, looks who's here. I came back for you when I realised you weren't on the hopper. The timing could have been a little better, but he seems to be all right. We never would have got these patients out alive if you hadn't done it. You're a hero.
