Attention! The new Cardassian Ore Processing Centre orbiting Bajor is nearing completion. The Cardassian troops stationed there will require comfort women to make their tour of duty less stressful. Her. From now on you'll receive extra rations of food and medicine, courtesy of our Prefect, Gul Dukat. Her. And her. (Kira is dragged away.) Your children will eat better than they have any right to. Ladies, can I have your attention please. You will find food in your quarters. Eat as much as you want and make sure you get a good night's rest. You'll want to look your best tomorrow. Oh, and feel free to linger as long as you want in the sonic showers. Cardassians value cleanliness. (Basso unlocks all the doors and they go inside.) [Kira + Meru's quarters] Well done. I can hardly believe that you're the same women I met yesterday. In fact, you're not. Your old lives have ended. Your pasts have been erased. You have one purpose and one purpose only. To provide comfort and care to the Cardassian officers stationed here. Do that well, and you'll want for nothing. Fail, and you and your family will be sent to a labour camp. Now remember, ladies, you're all easily replaceable. Make one mistake and I won't hesitate to Who said you could speak? Guards! Forgive me, Prefect. I didn't notice the imperfection. I'll have her removed at once. But Well, I'd say congratulations are in order. You've all passed your first test. (Later, there's a party with lots of drink and women being pulled down onto Cardassian laps. Kira and Meru are the only wallflowers.) She will not be disturbed. I'll be sure to tell him you said that. Looks like you're going to have these quarters all to yourself, at least for a little while. She's moving up in the world. Your friend must have hidden talents I wasn't aware of. Our beloved Prefect has invited her to share his quarters. Do you? You. Follow me. [Corridor] (Kira is escorted to a section with a red security screen.) You may enter. [Dukat's quarters] I'm beginning to find you very tiresome. I have better things to do than to shuttle you around this station. It's time you decided which side of this gate you want to be on. Guard. A wise decision. (Off they go with Kira wearing the bomb earring. It gets through the security screen safely.) [Dukat's quarters] I have a copy of that transmission you requested. What about her? Right away. (Basso leaves.)
