Ah, don't be modest. Admiral Leyton has had his share of executive officers and you're the only one he ever speaks fondly of. (Everyone say Hi! to Susan Gibney, previously seen as  Leah Brahms.) That you know of. We'd like to confer with you and Odo, see if there's anything about the Founders you left out of your official reports. Congratulations, Captain. [Sisko's restaurant] (A cosy, friendly dining place with baseball photos and a stuffed alligator hanging from the ceiling. The kitchen is in full view of the patrons.) Three point one. If we set the phasers at three point four, we should be able to stun any changeling we hit and force them back into a gelatinous state. We'll have them in place by tomorrow night. I want to thank you, Captain. For convincing the President to implement these security measures. It feels like we're finally on the right track. (Benteen leaves.) Odo. That was really something. I've never seen you imitate a lifeform before. It makes me wonder how many other changelings might be flying around up there. Well, if you ask me, that was a pretty convincing seagull. Are you all right? You have access to all our security procedures, all our protocols. That makes you a logical target. The bottom line is a changeling infiltrated the grounds of Starfleet Headquarters, imitated the Admiral, and got away scot-free. Our security measures aren't working. Maybe that's not enough.
A changeling infiltrated the grounds of Starfleet Headquarters, imitated the Admiral, and got away scot-free. Our security measures aren't working. Maybe that's not enough. Captain. I'm surprised to find you here. Thanks, but it's still a few days away. The Lakota won't be done with its refit until the fourteenth. I'm looking forward to it. Too bad you won't be around for the ceremony. I thought Admiral Leyton ordered you back to Deep Space Nine. You're a very interesting man, Captain. I'm sorry we didn't get to work together longer. [President's office] (Leyton, Benteen, and four armed security officers also present.) Captain, your arm please?
