Hello, Ben. Don't look at me. I can't figure it out either. I was hitting a few to the boy. He's really been moving well onto the ball lately, Ben. We would've worked on some baserunning except he was getting hungry and I realised I was too. Hologram? What the hell are they talking about, Ben? So how come I'm wearing his uniform? But I remember. I remember all the games, all the opening days. The home run that won the forty two World Series. The squeaker that went under Eddie Newsom's glove. The day I broke  DiMaggio's consecutive streak. Feel like taking a few ground balls? Oh. You see, I don't get it. I can pinch myself and it hurts, and I am here with you, aren't I? Disappear for good? Oh, you do, huh? Well, let's say for a moment I don't. So what am I supposed to do, huh? You got room on your team for a switch hitting third baseman with good power? Left side? Ben! Hey! Hey, Ben. What are you talking about? I hit over twenty homers right-handed in each of my first three years in the majors. [Promenade] That was because Old Crow moved me to second in the order. Well, that was baseball's epitaph, wasn't it. Nobody seemed to have time for us anymore. I could've played five more years if they hadn't killed the game. Hey, Ben. It really meant a lot to me, how much you cared. That day we won that world series, there were only three hundred people in the stands. I heard you cheering. It meant a lot to me. I just thought you should know, you know. In case I do finally disappear. Not yet. I made a connection with mine. A curious one. I sense a feeling from him. An affection for this ballplayer who died two hundred years before he was even born. As long as it takes. It ain't over til it's over. Station log, supplemental. The subspace anomaly continues to expand. As of yet, we've been unable to find a way to contain it. As a precaution, we have diverted all incoming ships away from the station. [Commander's office] Heads up, Jake. (Jake catches the ball) So what are you doing here? But you'd rather be at the ballpark. Kill you? You really believe he'd kill you? Well if that's true, why are you still thinking about going? But you are wondering if you can get away with it, aren't you. Here you go. This imagination of yours, it's a tough concept for us to get a handle on, Ben. We're on an extended mission exploring the galaxy. Awhile back, we followed one of your ships through that hole in space out there. We've been watching you, trying to figure out the rules of your game. We've learned you never can tell how someone will treat the visiting team. That's what this has been all about. Learning to understand. But we didn't, Ben. It was you. It was your imaginations that created everything. We were just watching to see where it took you. This imagination of yours. We have never seen anything like it. It's very real to all of you but yet it's not. At first, it seemed to us to be a curse, an irritation. That Odo fellow even called it a waste of time. I knew you would. I learned that about you. That you could have such an affection for someone you never even met. I wonder if you appreciate how unique that imagination of yours really is. We've got to go. I'd like to. Maybe next year. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
