(in a suit) You can't keep this from the public forever, General. Beings from another planet have landed on Earth. This is one of the most important events in human history. General, these creatures come from a race far more advanced than our own. There's no telling what they can teach us. We have to try to communicate with them. Me? (carefully and with gestures) Welcome to Earth. We mean you no harm. (The next is distorted, just as the Ferengi hear it.) We're sorry we had to separate you from your ship, but I'm sure you can understand that we have lots of questions for you. She may be onto something. (So everybody hits their heads. The Ferengi stare.) Well, that's a start. I think these two are involved in some kind of grooming ritual. Look how the older one is taking care of the younger one. (Rom is checking in Nog's ear.) I wonder if the third one's related too. If she is the mother, she's quite a shrew. He seems to want something from you. I think he wants your hairpin. He doesn't seem to mind. I wish I could get some help. I don't know why we can't bring in a few more experts. Always the dreamer. It's funny, isn't it? Here we are in the middle of one of the greatest discoveries in human history, and all I can think about is what you're going to look like in your wedding dress. Who knows? Maybe we'll go to Mars. (Quark sniffs and pulls a face.) (to the alsatian) Hey, how you doing, big fella. It's fascinating. I would've expected creatures of their technological sophistication to communicate telepathically, but they seem to have a structured verbal language just like we do. Given enough time, a good team of linguists could probably decipher it. Let me get this straight, Rom. Are you saying that all the women on your world walk around naked? You don't say? It's late. We should let you get some rest. Their biochemistry is obviously nothing like ours. Captain, I'm not sure I believe this invasion story. We've got to get you out of here. Come on. Your ship's in hangar eighteen. Who's he? Five a.m. That's seven minutes from now. A vast alliance of planets. You get the craziest ideas. (They kiss, then drive off as shuttle crashes through the hangar roof and flies off.) [Outside the building]
