(Penny Johnson) Hey, baby. Have a seat. The usual? Oh my, aren't we feeling adventurous. That's great, baby. I got some good news, too. I talked to Mrs Jackson last night and she's serious about retiring in the next couple of years. I asked her about selling this place to us and she said that she would be willing. And how much money have you earned doing that? A few years? More like fifteen, if you count all those stories you wrote in the Navy. Oh, baby, neither one of us is getting any younger. Can't you see? This is our chance. We can make some money, we can get married. You're always talking about writing for the future. Well, look around you. This is our future. (Willie enters with a couple of young ladies, and is greeted with applause.) Well, I've thought about it. Trouble is, if he did leave, he'd take my heart with him. I don't think so. Coming right up. But tell me something. How come you still living uptown? I mean, s famous ballplayer like you, you can live anywhere you want. I'll see about those eggs. I'm sorry they didn't buy your story, baby. Really I am. I don't know, and to be honest I don't much care what happens a hundred years from now. It's today that matters. Maybe all this is happening for a reason. Hey, it's possible. Baby, I know we can make this work for us. We could be happy. Besides, you don't have to give up writing altogether. Maybe you could write something for the Amsterdam News or some other Negro newspapers. You want to lie down in the back? Are we still on for tonight? Whatever it is, I won't be doing it with you. [Harlem street] (Night time.) Hey, baby. You forgot all about our date. Ben Sisko? Isn't that your coloured captain? Why are you writing another one of those stories. You couldn't sell the last one. What makes you think this one'll be any different? Right now, what you've got to do is eat. It's after midnight. I should be getting home to bed. But before I go, what do you say we take a spin on the dance floor. Mmm. Feels good, doesn't it? What do you mean? You said something about the Dominion [Sisko's quarters] Tell me. Tell me what's wrong. Okay, baby, you just need to get some rest. It's all right, it's all right. I'm with you. I'm with you, baby. Just take it easy. Shh. [Magazine office] I know all about it, Willie. I read the newspaper. Good for you, baby. I'll wear my red dress. Oh, my poor feet. Baby, you better marry me soon. I'm not getting any younger. Benny, what is he talking about? Who are you? Did you understand any of that? (Three gunshots.) Is that gunfire? (There's a young man with a moustache dead and bleeding in the road and our 'bad' cops are standing over him. Benny tries to barge between them.) (held back by a policeman.) Stop it! Stop it! Let him go! Stop it, please! Get off of me! Stop it! They're going to kill him. Look, you're going to kill him. Stop it! (Briefly our pair are Dukat and Weyoun, then the cops carry on kicking Benny long after he is capable of defending himself.) [Benny's apartment] I'm telling you, baby, you've been cooped up in this apartment for weeks. Going down to the office will do you good. Absolutely. After all that work you did, you deserve to see your story in print. Just no jumping up and down with excitement. I wouldn't want you to hurt yourself. You're not having any more of those hallucinations, are you?
