I'm impressed. I don't think anyone's managed to make contact with the Orion Syndicate so quickly. How'd you do it? That was a risky thing to do. I realise you didn't exactly volunteer for this. Believe me, I wish we hadn't been forced to turn to someone outside Starfleet Intelligence for help. The Syndicate killed another one of our undercover operatives last week. We need you to find out who their informant in Starfleet is. Once you give me the name, I'll put you on the next transport home. (Sound of breaking glass.) Bilby's going to check into your background. Whatever he finds will confirm that you're a fix-it man down on your luck. Stick to that cover. The Syndicate is always looking for people with your skills. If Bilby offers you more work, take it. Get as close to him as possible. O'Brien. Don't take any more unnecessary risks. These are dangerous men. If they find out who you are, they'll kill you. [Ops] (Odo and Quark enter through different doors.) The induction coils you asked for, courtesy of the Klingon Ambassador to Farius. Do you have any idea why Raimus wants these disruptors? We can't risk it. I'm sorry. Nice suit. That was generous. It should be easy enough to figure out who that was. Something wrong? You're telling me that the Orion Syndicate is working for the Dominion? None of them very pleasant. Not until you find out what's going on. You're late. I was beginning to worry. That's all right. I imagine the Dominion is keeping you busy. Anything worth reporting? Oh, I'm glad to hear that you're enjoying your assignment. No need to explain. I've been under cover. Sounds like you've really got your hooks in him. That's nothing that you need to think about. Listen. Bilby chose this life. Whatever happens to him is his fault, not yours. Besides, if he's lucky we'll get to him before they do. He'll be safe in a Federation prison. Just help us build a good case against him. How are they planning to get past the Embassy's security? When is this supposed to happen? I'll contact the Klingons so they can be ready for them. That's not really our business, is it? You have things backwards. Bilby and his friends are the ones that murder people. Not us. All I'm doing is following procedures and warning our allies about a possible assassination attempt. What happens after that is not my concern. But believe me, if the Klingons go after Raimus and the Orion Syndicate, I won't shed any tears. Miles, listen to me. You've lost perspective. You're starting to sympathise with these people. It's good that we're pulling you out. We're putting you on the next transport home. Your assignment's over. I'm sorry. I didn't want to mislead you, but you were starting to waver. I needed to keep you on track. Come on. Let's get you home.
