Are you okay? What happened? Did you get jacked or something? You know, robbed? Did they get your credit chips, your ID? Do you live near here? Can you get home? Well, you shouldn't be walking around without ID. You'd better order some replacements. You can use my Interface terminal if you wish. My office is just round the corner. Chris. Chris Brynner. That's a pretty name. What is that, Dutch? Oh, don't mention it. It's not everyday that I get to rescue a damsel in distress. Let me help you. [Street] It's just this way. (Up the steps to 599 wherever, just across from Candystick something.) [Transporter room] Hi. Sorry to keep you waiting. Were you able to order new ID? No problem. Glad I could help. You know, those are very unusual. It's amazing work. Where did you have them done, Japan? Well, I used to have one myself. A Maori tribal pattern used to go all the way down my arm. Got it in high school back in the nineties just like everybody else. Of course, I had to have it removed. Well, you know how it is. To get the government contracts, you have to look like all the rest of the drones. So I guess that makes me a sell-out. You don't know? Well, I guess I'll have to have a talk to my public relations people. I'm Chris Brynner. Brynner Information Systems? You know, Interface Operations, Net Access, Channel Ninety. So what do you think? Does that make me a sell-out or not? These friends of yours that you told me about. Is there any way for you to get a hold of them? Okay, my assistant was able to get you a room at the Clift for the next five nights. I know that, but I wanted to. So, what are your plans? Well, I hope you don't mind, but I had Britt do some checking. No one matching their descriptions has been admitted into any of the city hospitals or trauma wards. Look, I would like to know how this turns out. I'm having a little get-together here tomorrow, in the office. I'd like you to come if you want. You and your friends. Well, good luck. Yes. Did a little skiing on Mount Cook. I thought the Neo-Trotskyists were going to put a stop to that. You'll have to excuse Jadzia's cynicism. She was just mugged yesterday. That kind of thing's bound to give a negative impression of the future. Well, whoever it was did a very thorough job. They took everything she had, even her ID. Is what true? Yes, it is. Why? And you think they might be in a Sanctuary District? Well, that might take some doing. The Sanctuary District records are not posted on the Net. But I might be able to pull in some favours. [Sanctuary District] (In the line for the evening meal.) Yes. Yes, thank you. You were right. Your friends are in Sanctuary District A. Well, it might not be that easy. The Sanctuary personnel first have to find them. There are something like ten thousand people in there. They're not sure. But don't worry, your friends are fine. That's the whole point of the Sanctuary. To give people in trouble food and a place to stay.
And you think they might be in a Sanctuary District? This is terrible. What are you talking about? I know they are, but there's nothing you can do for them. Jadzia, it is too dangerous. You could get hurt. Look, I have friends in the police department. When things settle down a little bit, I'll talk to them. Let me see if I understand what you're asking me to do. You want me to override a government block, violate my Interface operating license, and turn over my channels to a bunch of criminals. I know that, but they're acting like criminals. They have guns, they have taken hostages. You are asking me to break the law. You know I'll lose my license. But I'll get great ratings. [Processing Centre] (A queue of gimmies are waiting to tell their stories to the world.)
