Are you all right, sir? (A teenaged girl.) Acting Chief Petty Officer Dorian Collins. The Captain's asked me to escort you both to the bridge. If you'll follow me? (I'll let you play spot the NASA astronaut names on your own.) [Valiant Bridge] (The place has seen plenty of action.) Sir. Aye, Captain. This way, sir. (Collins and Jake leave) The training cruise was supposed to last three months. We had seven regular officers and a crew of thirty five cadets. The plan was for the cadets to run the ship while the officers observed and critiqued our performance. Not quite. The Republic's an old ship. I don't think she's left the Terran system in fifty years. The Valiant's a state of the art warship. Our mission was to circumnavigate the entire Federation before returning home. Not just cadets, Mister Sisko. [Valiant Ready room] Coffee? Here you go. Me? Tycho City. I haven't heard that in a long time. Well, nobody who's ever lived on the moon calls it Luna, either. That's just something they say on Earth. You're from Earth aren't you? You've never been to the moon? Well, people say it's so barren and harsh, but it's not. it's beautiful. I mean Tycho City's just a city, but outside where the gravity is still low and there's no air. You know, the sun only comes up once a month on the moon. Every lunar morning, my father and I would put on suits, hike out across the Sea of Clouds. We'd stop at this collection of boulders on the western rim and just wait for the sun to come up. Dawn is so shocking on the moon. One minute you're in the darkest night you can imagine, and the next instant, the sun lifts up and this glorious, pure light just explodes across the surface. I felt like I met God every morning. (she's about to cry) I'm on duty. Excuse me. [Valiant Engine room] Can I help you, sir? No, sir. (Watters gets a box of tablets and takes one.) No, sir. A little. I was just thinking about home. [Valiant Ready room] (The door opens on Collins standing in front of Watters and Farris. Jake has a security escort.) Thank you, sir. (Collins leaves as Jake enters.) Hull breach on deck two. Emergency forcefields are in place. Hull breach on deck two. Deck three, deck four. Auxiliary power's offline. But I still have phaser control. Shall I return fire? Sir? The Captain wanted us to That's not true. Captain Watters was a great man. If he failed it's because we failed him.
