Have you committed one? So you keep saying. Logs can be tampered with. Well, you ought know that. After all, you claim to be a Security Officer. Now that's interesting, you disappearing like that, because I've got twenty two people who've disappeared without a trace. No, it started in the fall. But the last victim vanished six hours ago. You were my only ones. I'm not saying everybody here is perfect. We have some petty thefts, an occasional fight, but kidnapping or murder? No, no, we've never had anything like that before. It was the first thing I tried. I didn't find anything. You know, I've been protector here for almost ten years. I like to think I'm pretty good at my job. People trust me to solve their problems. But whoever's behind these disappearances is a lot smarter than I am. I have to admit, I'm starting to get desperate. Maybe. [outside Rurigan's house] (They walk across the village square and meet an old man.) Rurigan. I'm satisfied they have nothing to do with the disappearances. In fact, Odo here is a Security Officer. He's going to try to help us. Go right ahead. It must be your equipment. Our scanners never give any trouble. (Colyus gives her his tricorder.) Odo says you know what happened to the missing villagers. My cloak? Well. I'm waiting. DAX This may take a minute. I don't want to make a mistake. (The cloak disappears) That was my favourite cloak. Are you saying somebody used our reactor to transport the victims away? What does this have to do with the missing people? You mean they're holograms? That's ridiculous. Some of the victims were my friends. One of them is my nephew. And I thought I was desperate to find an answer. It's going to take a whole lot more than a vanishing cloak to make me believe that I'm some kind of hologram. What kind of proof? Is she all right? Where exactly did this happen? I think you'd better. [Kira's quarters] People, please. Please! Quiet! Quiet! Calm down! Quiet! Calm down, everybody. We have to make a decision here. You all witnessed what happened when they brought us to the edge of the field. Merruk, we both saw your hand disappear. It's possible we were programmed not to leave so that we wouldn't learn the truth. Now, we have to shut down the system. If we don't fix it soon, the whole village will disappear. Dax, you said if you can fix the machine, you might be able to bring back the missing people. Are there any objections? Then it's settled. Well, you did it. We just have to get used to the fact that we're holograms. I wonder who created all this? They did, didn't they. Well. it was good working with you, Odo. Next time you're on this side of the galaxy I hope you come by and see us. We don't get that many visitors.
