Stand by. (Mora falls, Odo helps him up) Ready for transport.
The Kressari vessel Calondon is scheduled to arrive in thirty six hours.
A temporary loss of stability resulting from the impact of a concentrated plasma charge. Affirmative. Pursuing vessel approaching from one eight one mark one two. Miradorn vessel, Theta class. Warning. Damage to shields Warning. Shields at forty one percent. Acknowledged. Thrusters engaged. Engines disengaged. Incoming subspace signal. Vulcan band frequency. Course laid in.
Doctor Bashir is not on the station. Doctor Bashir's last known location was runabout pad E.
The Cardassians are still closing. They have powered their weapons systems. (swerve) They have established weapons lock. (Big swerve.) Weapons lock broken.
Sarina Douglas is in her quarters on the Habitat ring corridor H six section twenty seven epsilon. [Corridor] (Bashir rings the doorbell.) Final boarding call.
There is insufficient computer memory to save the data. That procedure has not been tested. It cannot be predicted. Executing command override. (The lights go out. Monitors display streams of numbers.) Unable to comply. The character parameters of Colonel Komananov are correct. Unable to comply. Computer control has been disrupted due to station-wide emergency.
Commander Worf is in his quarters. Negative. Captain Kurn is with him.
Working. Unable to transmit signal due to external interference at all frequencies. Interference generated by thermal radiation from a subterranean power source. Power source is located four kilometres beneath the planet's surface, coordinates one two seven mark three. Unable to identify due to an unknown polymetallic substance within the surrounding rock. (Odo enters) Unable to penetrate due to interference. [Quark's]
Jake Sisko is not on the station. (Sisko spots the mirror transporter adapter.) [Ops]
Warning. Warp core breach in forty seconds. Warning. Warp core breach in thirty seconds. (Jake finds the tool in the hand of an unconscious engineer) Warning. Warp core breach in twenty seconds.
Major Kira. You have an incoming transmission. Unable to identify.
The time is oh six hundred hours. The time is oh six hundred hours and ten seconds. There are forty eight Vulcans serving on Deep Space Nine. Lieutenant Chu'lak is in his quarters. Habitat ring, level D twelve. (Ezri gets the rifle and puts on the eyepiece.)
One. A communication from Wellington, New Zealand.
Keiko O'Brien is in her quarters. Scan complete. No inconsistencies found. Identity confirmed. All cognitive reflexes would cease in two point one seconds. One point four seconds. Zero point nine seconds. There are six thousand, four hundred twenty-seven entries in the data banks that reference that subject. Please specify. Captain Sisko is in Security. [Promenade] (O'Brien steps out of the turbolift and heads toward Sisko and Odo coming out of Security.) Clock activated. Eight hours, twenty two minutes, three seconds. Six hours, forty one minutes, twenty six seconds. [Ops] (O'Brien is working in the pit.) Thirty six minutes, nine seconds. Maintenance technician Rom is in Security holding cell number four. Specified security channels scrambled. Twelve minutes, twenty two seconds. [Corridor] (Back to work on the big panels, but ) Comm. link enabled. (Electricity is crackling around the station.) [Ops] (Red alert sounds.)
State request. Specify exterior or interior display. Interior display available in nineteen sections. Specify requirements. Habitat ring, level five, section three. Access restricted to security clearance seven and above. [Commander's office] Seal confirmed.
Eighteen twenty one hours. (The doorbell rings. He takes a pen-like thing out of a satchel and slips it up his sleeve, then opens the door.)
Twenty-two minutes into launch. All readings within normal parameters. Probe A measuring a point zero zero one two fluctuation in the hysteresis curve.
Confirmed. That information is not on file. That information is not on file. [Ops]
Unauthorised computer entry detected in Ore Processing unit five. Enter access code. (O'Brien does.) Incorrect code. You have five seconds to enter correct access code. Warning. [Ops] Worker revolt in progress in Ore Processing unit five. Security countermeasures initiated. Enter access code. Warning. Workers have escaped from Ore Processing unit five. Initiating stationwide counterinsurgency programme. (Red alert and all the doors slam shut.) Warning, security in the Operations Centre has been compromised. Initiating counterinsurgency programme level two. Warning. Counterinsurgency programme level two has been interrupted. Initiating counterinsurgency programme level three. Self-destruct sequence initiated. [Security office] (Quark is firing at the forcefield.) Warning. Unauthorised use of command code. Initiating counterinsurgency programme level four. (The replicator builds a weapon and starts firing energy beams. A red-shouldered extra is vapourised.) [Ore loading bay] Request denied. All authorisation codes are void. Time to self-destruct, twenty-five minutes. Warning. Main fusion reactors will overload in seven minutes. Warning, main fusion reactors will overload in six minutes. Warning. Main fusion reactors will overload in five minutes. Warning. Main fusion reactors will overload in three minutes. Warning. Main fusion reactors will overload in ninety seconds. (Sisko starts moving isolinear rods around.) Warning. Main fusion reactors will overload in sixty seconds. [Conduit] (Jake drags the groaning O'Brien back towards the corridor.) [Reactor control junction] Warning. Main fusion reactors will overload in thirty seconds. (Sisko works fast.) [Corridor] (Jake pulls O'Brien out of the conduit.) Warning. Main fusion reactor overload. (Whumph! Energy discharges from the station and the shields are lit up.)
Authorisation? Confirmed. [Worf's quarters] (The room is full of memories. Ezri hears words as she looks at the items.) The six starboard pods were recovered. Unknown. Acknowledged. (Into the plasma fields.) Warning. Without manoeuvring thrusters, the ship may be swept into areas of plasma flare activity. Warning. Plasma flow activity ahead. (Red alert) Re establishing engine control is recommended. Acknowledged. (The runabout touches a flare and gets thrown around. Then she sees something else artificial out there.)
Conduit deactivated. That file is protected by a personal security access code. Chief of Operations Miles O'Brien. Unable to comply. State security code to release protection. Accessing. Commands are sequential overrides of security fields approaching runabout pad A. Working. One anomalous reading detected. A subspace relay was activated in the Security Office nine minutes, seven seconds ago. Unknown. Insufficient data. Confirmed.
Subspace communication to Federation territories is currently unavailable. By authority of Major Kira. Communication to Bajor is currently unavailable. That is correct. Data interpolation is complete. One entry found.
Vessel approaching bearing one nine one mark six. Cardassian patrol ship, Hideki Class. Warning. Sensors are reading photo lock-on activation.
Chroniton levels at thirty seven percent and rising.
Oh seven fifty nine hours. (Odo places the mug precisely, with the handle towards the chair, and waits a few moments. Kira enters.) Oh eight twenty one hours. Please enter security code. (Odo taps it into the panel)
Stardate 51721.3.
Affirmative. The fusion power plant is operating within normal parameters. Cardassian specifications accept operating efficiency within twenty percent. Procedure is not recommended. Procedure is not recommended. Consult Cardassian operational guidelines, paragraph two five four A, now on screen. Reactor two was shut down after sensors detected a potential overload of the carbon reaction chambers. Initiating high-resolution scan. Memory nodes located. Proceeding with data transfer. Transfer of data is complete. Processing. Stand by. [Commander's office] (Doorbell.) Analysis of all subprocessor modules is complete. Electromotive coil functions normal. Load detection functions normal. Diagnostic complete. All sensors read between fourteen point three and fourteen point four KSC. Shield generator subsystems set to active status. Reading ninety eight point three percent efficiency. Subspace emitter aligned. Outgoing data stream activated. Stand by. Unable to complete requested function. Please abort and retry. Receptors open control. Relays activated. Stand by. (And the power goes out) Requested function will require forty three minutes. Stand by. (Anara puts the rods into a console) Processing long range sensors, stand by. (slowing down) Indicate time parameters. Requested function will require subspace link-up with Federation computers. Attempting link-up, stand by. Stand by. Unable to. Stand (Sparks fly) Requested subprogram is a series of bi-directional data transfer and monitoring commands. All backup functions re-routed. Stand by. Transfer complete. (The lights come on) [Corridor]
Three hours, twenty-seven minutes.
Stand by. Pattern match found. Requested function will take approximately three minutes. (Odo glances up at the security cell CCTV feed and sees)
Requested pattern for requested fruit is not available. Please provide specifications.
Computer to Security Chief Odo. Please acknowledge. The lifeform being monitored is displaying biomimetic fluctuations beyond stated parameters. Acknowledged. [Science lab] (Baby is small and mostly blue again.)
Download complete. The time is oh seven hundred hours. The time is oh seven hundred hours, eleven seconds.
All Dominion personnel proceed to airlocks four, seven and twelve for evacuation. This is a first priority order. Repeat. All Dominion personnel proceed to airlocks four, seven and twelve for evacuation. [Airlock] This is a first priority order.
One human and one Ferengi located. Unable to comply. Subjects are located inside a spatial distortion field. Please restate command. Enter authorisation code. Vessel approaching from the planet's surface, bearing one seven three mark two eight one. The vessel has entered warp, bearing one seven one mark two five nine. Warning. Warp core collapse in ten seconds. Nine, eight Seven, six. Warp core containment field stabilised. The automatic pilot system is not functional. Unable to comply. The automatic pilot system is not functional. Warning. Three ships coming out of warp.
Clearance code verified.
Major Kira, there is one message waiting for you. Emergency transport standing by. Enter command code authorisation. Initiating transport. [Security office] (Kira beams in then uses Odo's computer, putting the information onto a PADD.) Initiating transport. (Kira beams out and Odo walks in to see his chair has been moved.) Major Kira is no longer on the station.
Doctor Bashir. The time is oh five hundred. Emergency power engaged. (Lights up and Broca enters.)
Warning. Damage to warp core. Containment failure in five minutes. Warning. Damage to warp core. Containment failure in four minutes. (They come to a woman) Warning. Damage to warp core. Containment failure in three minutes. (Sisko starts throwing debris away and pulls the boy out.) Warning. Damage to warp core. Containment failure in two minutes. Time parameters? Initialising data base. Requested function will require two hours to complete. (Dax releases the forcefield around the Orb. Green flash.) [Vision - Operating room] (Dax is on an operating table next to an old man) Idran, a ternary system consisting of twin O-type companions. Idran is based on the analysis conducted in the twenty-second century by the Quadros-One probe of the Gamma Quadrant. Warning. Impulse system overload. Auto shutdown in twelve seconds. Partial field established. Instability at twelve percent. Procedure is not recommended. Affirmative. Warning. Field integrity declining. Instability at twenty one percent. Warning. Subspace field collapse in sixty seconds. Procedure is not recommended. Unable to comply. Level one safety protocols have cancelled request. Warning. Subspace field collapse in thirty seconds. Field collapse in fifteen seconds. Field energy now within flight tolerances.
Seven hundred hours fifty eight minutes. Seven hundred hours fifty nine minutes.
Information restricted to security clearance five and above. Please enter security verification. (Quark selects two rods from a selection in the drawer and inserts them.) Clearance verified. [Ops] All visual responses normal. (Headphones go on) No physiological damage. All brain functions within normal parameters. Link established with the Bajoran Archival Records. Ready. Affirmative. Dekon Elig. Geneticist. Former member of the Higa Metar Sect of the Bajoran underground. Killed while attempting escape stardate 39355. Certificate of Death on file. Certificate of Death was witnessed by Surmak Ren, Bajoran Medical Assistant. Doctor Surmak Ren. Former member of the Higa Metar sect of the Bajoran underground. Repatriated to Bajor upon closing of the Velos Seven Internment Camp, stardate 46302. Current status unknown. [Quark's] (Empty, so Quark is playing dabo on his own.) Working. Analysis complete. Sample thirty seven delta ineffective. Viral protein sheath is unaffected. Nucleotide sequence remains intact Command unclear. Please repeat. Command unclear. Please repeat. (The readout on the screen is now gibberish. Oh dear.) [Ops] Link established. There are no records matching that name. Doctor Surmak Ren, currently serving as Chief Administrator of the Ilvian Medical Complex. Line isolated. One life form present.
Confirmed. Tractor beam in place.
Lieutenant Dax is on level seven, section five. Stability loss was due to an impact by a subspace interphase pocket. Unknown. Starboard nacelle nonfunctional. Maximum available power fifty percent. Unknown. [Ops] Spectral analysis will take approximately seven minutes. Confirmed. Localised entropy readings have decreased twelve percent during the last fifty eight minutes. Filter calibration verified. Calibration is locked and normal. Diagnostic underway. Negative. Feedback reading is zero. Diagnostic complete. Sensors are functioning normally. [Ops] Warning. Hull breach, level twenty two section fourteen. Warning. Containment field at ten percent. Warning. Containment field has collapsed.
Seven entries noted in personal calendar files. Oh nine oh seven hours. (Sisko arrives with Jake.)
Priority one broad band distress signal. Lieutenant Dax is in the stasis room. [Stasis room] (Dax is collecting scrapings from Vantika's fingernails. CSI would be proud) Doctor Bashir is in the Infirmary. (He's left his comm. badge behind) [Corridor] Authorisation access code four one two one. Doctor Julian Bashir. [Norkova Bridge] (Three human civilian crew, then Durg and Co. beam in and kill them)
Command codes transferred.
Nineteen twenty-one hours. Doctor Bashir is in Quark's bar. [Quark's] (Julian is playing darts with Morn.)
All necessary modifications have been completed. Programme Sisko one nine seven ready for implementation on your command. Program initiated. (Electricity runs across all the consoles and wall panels, and blows them all up.)
Working. [Holding cell]
Patient Garak is no longer in the infirmary. Patient checked out at zero three twenty hours. [Corridor] (Bashir rings a doorbell.) Unable to determine a cause due to insufficient data on Cardassian physiology.
Warning. Attempting to access impulse flow regulators while engines are engaged is not recommended. Acknowledged. Safeties disengaged. (Sisko takes off the panel and starts disconnecting fibre optic cables. Bang. Red alert.) Internal sensors are offline.
Identity confirmed. Additional authorisation required. Identity confirmed. Auto-destruct sequence armed. Sequence initiated. Auto-destruct in nine minutes, fifty five seconds. Auto-destruct in seven minutes. Auto-destruct in six minutes. Auto-destruct in five minutes. Auto-destruct in four minutes. Warning. Warp core field breach. Engine room will be sealed in ten seconds. Evacuate immediately. (The alien forcefields go off too.) Engine room sealed. (The founder morphs his arm into Odo's abdomen, and Odo starts to ripple.) Auto-destruct in three minutes. Auto-destruct in two minutes. Auto-destruct sequence aborted.
Docking level twenty two, section fourteen. Affirmative.
Jake Sisko is in cargo bay fourteen.
The time is zero five hundred hours. (Kira gets up and dressed. The turbolift to work is full of Jem'Hadar and Cardassians. [Ops] (Kira relieves a Cardassian at her console, and another brings her a mug of drink.) The time is zero five hundred hours. (Again the packed commuter turbolift.) [Ops]
A claim slip for storage locker one three seven located in the station Assay Office.
Please identify for access to USS Defiant. (It's a palm and voice print device) Identity confirmed. Identity confirmed. (The airlock opens for them.) [Bridge] (O'Brien is still working under a console.) Command authorisation required.
Warning. We are within range of enemy weapons. (Boom) Abandon ship. Abandon ship. This is not a drill. All hands proceed to emergency escape pods. [Valiant Brig]
Nucleotide sequencing complete. Viral reproduction normal. Nucleotide sequencing complete. Viral reproduction normal.
The time is nine thirty two hours. [Nog's bedroom] (Nog puts on Vic's recording of 'I'll Be Seeing You' and lies on the bed.) [Captain's office] Programme is running. You may enter when ready. [Holosuite - Las Vegas lounge]
Course laid in. One hour, fourteen minutes. Fifty three minutes. One warp signature found. Identification confirmed. Starfleet runabout Mekong. Please restate question. Scan complete. No unknown microorganisms detected. No chemical agents with bioactive properties detected. Negative. Ready. Scan complete. No sub-harmonic transmissions detected. Negative. Negative. No ships arrived from the Gamma Quadrant within time parameters requested. Identify which officer's logs are to be included. Vocal or transcribed? Access denied. Station logs after stardate 47569.4 are restricted. Access restricted to level one security clearance. Please enter security verification. (O'Brien epsilon alpha Molly ?? seven) Access denied. [Ops] (O'Brien taps a console then goes down into the pit and takes off an access cover) Unable to complete request. Please contact station commander for assistance. (O'Brien throws his comm. badge away and runs. Around a corner, a forcefield blocks him. He goes to a panel and opens it) Shields at seventy-one percent. (Boom) Warning. Shields at forty nine percent. Transfer complete. Shields at ninety three percent. (Boom) Confirmed. Stand by. (A silver haired woman appears on the monitor) One minute, twenty seconds. At current speeds, seven minutes, four seconds. Parada Four. Confirmed. Seven. Approaching the Parada system. Mekong has dropped out of warp and has adjusted course to identical heading. At current speed, the Mekong is two minutes, one second behind this vessel. Dropping to point four impulse. Warning. Entering polar magnetic field. Sensors will be nonfunctional for twenty seven seconds. Switch to manual navigation. Confirmed. Manual navigation in effect. Confirmed. Four one mark two zero one. Parada Two. Specify parameters. Mekong transporter has been energised. Confirmed. Three people. Negative.
Computer accessed.
Unable to comply. The high level of atmospheric ionisation is inhibiting transporter lock. Negative. Pattern enhancers will not function in a polarised ionisation field. Negative. Unable to comply. Communications systems are inoperable due to atmospheric interference. Working. (zoom) Probe launch confirmed. Deep Space Nine should receive the probe's distress signal in approximately two days. [Chamber] (From the passageway, Odo hears phaser fire. He runs in.) (The crystal is up past her knee.)
Lieutenant Dax is on level six, corridor one.
There are no recorded causal relationships between plasma storms and specified neural readings. Five thousand twenty one.
Doctor Bashir is in the Infirmary.
Authorisation denied.
