This monitor is still offline. I want it operational within the hour. I hope all the chairs on this station aren't this uncomfortable. I'm sure I will. You must be Colonel Kira. No need to explain, Colonel. You must be quite busy. I'm sure we'll be quite comfortable here. I trust that won't be a problem for you. My people have a reputation for arrogance. I'm afraid it's well earned. The admiral and I have a good working relationship. I hope to have a similar one with you. Then I look forward to working with you toward our common goal, the destruction of the Dominion. [Las Vegas lounge] (Nothing is left in one piece, except a small lampshade or two.) Colonel, I was just coming to see you. What is it? I was curious. It has a distinct flavour. Then you should try a Romulan osol twist. Very tart. I wanted to let you know that a squadron of warbirds will be arriving at the station tomorrow morning for refitting. Excellent. I had no idea Bajorans were so efficient. Oh, one more thing. It's about Bajor's fourth moon. It's uninhabited, correct? Do you think your government would allow us to set up a hospital facility there? Too many of our wounded are dying on the long journey back to Romulus. I'd appreciate anything you can do. [Corridor] Are these the latest casualty reports? What matters is that we held our position. As for our casualties, at least we now have the hospital complex on Derna to care for the wounded. And we have you to thank, Colonel. Under your advisement, I'm sure. All of Romulus owes you a debt of gratitude. That shouldn't be a problem. Apparently, we're no longer welcome on Derna. The weapons are for defensive purposes only. I'm afraid that's impossible. This is ridiculous. I regret not informing your government about our weapon emplacements, but I didn't think it was necessary. We're your ally. That would leave the hospital unprotected. I'm afraid that's not acceptable.
I'm afraid that's impossible. They'll be arriving in eight hours with much needed medical supplies for the hospital complex. We want to make sure they arrive safely. Colonel, do you seriously believe that your antiquated collection of impulse ships stand a chance against our warbirds? You're concerned. Not really. The Colonel is brave woman, but she's not stupid. She's bluffing. [Desert] (Jake and Joseph have finally arrived at Sisko's dig site.) Be aware that I'm authorised to use whatever force is necessary to see that our medical supplies reach their destination. However, I'm also authorised to seek a negotiated settlement. Besides, I would hate to see you throw your life away. She has to, because I won't. [Klingon bridge] (The viewscreen is full of big glowing fusion reactor.) I'm afraid the Colonel has run out of time. [Klingon bridge] (Battle is joined with the Jem'Hadar.)
Repairs on our ships have continually been delayed in favour of Klingon and Federation vessels. The Dividices and the Genorex have been waiting almost three weeks while more than a dozen Klingon ships have been given first priority. Odd that the Klingons seem to always have the greatest need. Reckless would be another way of putting it. We'll forgo shore leave until the Klingons depart. Our soldiers are professionals. They're here to fight, not to get drunk in Quark's. Yes. But SubCommander Velal will be here in my place. Thank you. [Promenade] A glass of Romulan ale, Doctor? Don't tell me this is your first glass of Romulan ale. That never stopped most of your colleagues. Would you like something else? What an odd expression. What does it mean? Interesting. You're going to make a very fine operative, Doctor. The Chairman of the Tal'Shiar rarely speaks with anyone in public, much less someone wearing that uniform. Starfleet Intelligence should recruit you immediately. Somehow, it wouldn't surprise me if half the people in this room turned out to be operatives. It may be impolitic to say this, but there are those who believe the alliance is merely a momentary truce. I could ask you the same thing. I try not to predict the future. You tell me. You just spoke with him. That's more than I've done in six months. We have different views. State secrets. To do what? Koval has been saying that there's a traitor in the Senate, someone working for Starfleet Intelligence They are Federation citizens working to advance your interests. That makes them your responsibility. And you expect me to find this traitor? You are asking me to hand over secret documents! I was afraid that if word of this plot got out, it would destroy the Alliance. I decided to keep my own counsel. I regret that decision. That is a lie, Koval. I was trying to save your life.
