Just stay, stay, stay where you are, please. No one is going to get hurt. Just give me that. Well, it wouldn't be the first, and probably won't be the last. Give that to me. (Ah-Kel grabs the table and smashes it into Croden's face. The broken glass reforms into Odo as Ro-Kel fires but misses Croden. Croden shoots Ro-Kel and Odo grabs him as he finishes morphing) Don't you feed your prisoners? It was him or me. And if he'd have killed me, I wouldn't be hungry now. I doubt that anyone on Rakhar would much care. On Rakhar, all crimes are serious, only there are no trials. I'm sorry if I made things awkward. I didn't have much choice. My needs exceed my skills. Now, if I had his talents, I would have no problems at all. I've never heard of a changeling with such versatility. A changeling, like you. Haven't they come through the wormhole yet? I assumed when I saw you Well, maybe I dissemble a little. Lie is a hard word. But shape-shifters are harsh in their judgements. Feed me, and maybe I'll tell you where I met someone just like you. [Commander's office] Well, I guess you'd know how that feels. You and I have a great deal in common, changeling. We are both aliens here, the only ones of our kind. Each of us is alone, isolated, shut out. Others like us only exist in the Gamma Quadrant. I have always wondered why changelings are so distrustful of other species. Of course not. There are no shape-shifters on Rakhar. I'm sorry if I misled you. There were shape-shifters on Rakhar at one time, but that was centuries ago. They were persecuted. Driven out. But I know a place where there are still some left. Of course, that was a few years ago. Sure I would. Why not? No, I have to show you. There is no way you could find it on you own. There's that hard word again. There are times when I don't dissemble. (holding out a locket) From the colony of the changelings. (Croden opens the locket and a stone morphs into a key, then back to a stone. Odo lets down the forcefield) [Runabout Rio Grande] How do you like my stone, changeling? What would telling you get me? Well, that's too bad. I was hoping you'd feel sorry for me, seeing as we're the only two here from the other side of the passage. Typical. It's typical. Excuse me. (Croden holds out his hand for the locket. Odo hesitates then gives it back) In my sector, there is a nebula called the Chamra Vortex. There are millions of asteroids in it. I found this stone on one of them. I could take you to it, changeling. No, no, the Vortex is uncharted, but as a thief and a killer and who knows what, I hid there often. I found this colony of changelings by chance. And I know my way back. [Commander's office] So you're finally taking me up on my offer. How do you stand it, changeling, living where you don't belong. Are you happy? I doubt it. They tolerate you, but you're not one of them. Being what you are, you can pour your square shape into a round hole, but you never really fit, do you? You're like my stone. What's that? Maybe you're right. Perhaps that is how it started. Perhaps I asked one question too many. Anyway, that's as good an explanation as any. For why they came that night. I never was told and to this day I don't know. They broke into my home just before dawn, and before I had time to stop them, they had murdered both my wives. You see, on my world, the punishment for being an enemy of the people is the death of your family. I had no sophisticated weapon. Only a short, slaughter knife that I used for cutting the necks of fowl we would prepare for supper. Imagine my surprise when I discovered that the necks of the security officers were no more difficult to cut than the birds. Even the sound they made as the blade crossed their gullets were similar. Would it make any difference if you did? Well then, believe it, because it's true. My return will be celebrated, changeling. They'll be very grateful. You'll be a hero. Perhaps you might even use this as an excuse to exchange envoys. Sorry. I didn't, I didn't know I bothered you. [Quark's] You'd save time going through the Vortex. It's a long way around it. Aren't you the least bit curious about your own people? They don't maintain a humanoid shape, you know. They refused to assimilate on my world. They're a proud species. That's why they were so persecuted. But I will say this for them, they treated me well enough when I landed at their colony. I was badly wounded. They could have allowed me to die. They didn't. You're one of them, that's for sure. You have the sense of decency, of justice. Your computer's not going to outsmart him. Then give me the controls! I can get us through the vortex. The ionised gasses would screen us from his sensors. Drop your suspicious nature for a minute, changeling. Can't you see it's our only chance. (Odo unfastens Croden's handcuffs and they head into the purple gases) The vortex is riddled with volatile pockets of a gas we call toh-maire. If we destabilise them, they could ignite and blow this ship apart. Sometimes I do tell the truth. He must be following our impulse wake. Computer, disengage impulse engines. Go to thrusters. Once our impulse wake drops off, he might try to pick up the discharge of our thrusters. We'll be better off if we land. So, changeling, I guess I'm going to take you home after all. [Cave tunnel] (They've landed on the only flat bit of a craggy asteroid, right next to a cave entrance.) Hurry. This way. I told you. The colony. Yes. Of course. No! No. No. On Rakhar, we tell stories about changelings. I thought they were myths until I met you. I have no idea where it came from. Rakhari merchants buy stones just like it from off-world traders. It's used as a key. To my only reason for living. And it's ahead, in that cavern there. [Cavern] (There is a large box with rocks fallen onto it) Please, help me. There's been a cave-in. A stasis chamber. (He brushes off the dust to reveal that little girl is inside) It's my daughter, the only member of my family I could save. Help me. (They push a big rock off the top then Croden opens his locket) It shapes itself to fit the lock. (They open up the box and the girl wakes up.) I'm here now, Yareth. You don't have to dream anymore. This is Odo. He's a security officer. No, no, he's not going to hurt you. He's going to take you to a place where you'll be safe. Won't you? (Odo nods) I'm going home. Yareth, I must answer for my crimes. Odo! There's no way to tell. I don't know anything about his species. I'll carry him back to the ship. (But Croden hesitates and starts to leave instead) Nothing, Yareth. Nothing. (Croden picks up Odo) Nothing. Go! Go! [Runabout Ganges] (Odo wakes up when they're in flight) You're heavier than you look. Don't thank me. I already regret it. (Bang) I haven't been able to lose them. Sooner or later, one of his photons is going to trigger a toh-maire explosion and kill us all. I just told you, you don't want to go anywhere near one, changeling. Six degrees to starboard. His sensors may not be able to detect how volatile the field is. If he fires on us in there, the whole thing will ignite. Done. We're an awfully easy target. (The Miradorn ship overshadows them) He's hailing us. He's coming about. Powering his shields. His starboard photon bank is armed. He's firing photons! (KaBOOM!) I only have one last favour to ask. Yareth is going to be alone on your world, just as you've always been. She's going to need someone to look after her. You know you could use some company, changeling. You deny it, but we both know it's true, or the stone would have meant nothing to you. How? How will you explain not delivering me? Like you. But I know where my home is. And perhaps someday I'll be able to go back there. I hope this helps you to find where you came from. (Croden puts the locket around Odo's neck.)
