You killed my brother. My brother killed by a miserable Ferengi. I would never have believed it possible. You'd better. I want to know exactly how Kozak died. And if I don't like what I hear. I hope you're not going to tell me that he died in an accident. Yes. Because there's no honour in such a death. And if Kozak died in disgrace, then that disgrace would be passed along to the rest of his family. So if you were the cause of an accident that will dishonour my entire family, then I'm going to kill you and stuff your miserable corpse out the nearest airlock. On the other hand, if he died as a warrior in personal combat, then there would be no dishonour for him or his family. Of course it is not good! He was my brother! But it would be honourable, and an honourable death requires no vengeance. Your life would be spared. I'm sure it was. Remember that when you tell your customers about the death of Kozak. Qapla'! There being no special circumstances in the death, and no male heir, I make claim to the title and property of this fallen House. This woman has no place here. Her husband is dead and her House has fallen. I ask that she be taken from the Hall. A Ferengi cannot be allowed to rule a Klingon House! I will have your House and your title, Grilka. And when I am done, I will place your head and the head of this ridiculous Ferengi outside the gates. I should kill you right now. I say that he is a liar, that he has smeared my name and I demand vengeance through personal combat. I have discovered new evidence, evidence which proves Kozak did not die honourably. That he actually died in an accident. I have a witness who will say he watched Kozak trip and fall on his own blade and that Quark made up the entire story. Then I say that the House of Quark has dishonoured itself before this Council and I ask that it be dissolved and its lands and property be turned over to me as compensation for (Enter Quark, carrying a bat'leth, followed by Rom) Ha! Whatever you say, Ferengi. (Gowron grabs D'Ghor's bat'leth)
