The security cameras stopped operating for forty-three seconds at zero three hundred hours, five minutes right when the alarm sounded
We'll get back to you, Doctor. Acknowledged. [Ops]
Odo to Worf. Please report to airlock five, Commander. There's an intoxicated Klingon here who's demanding to see you. Odo to Worf. We need you in the Infirmary, Commander. Your brother's been seriously injured.
Odo to Lieutenant Dax. Report to the habitat ring on H forty three.
That'll have to wait. I have Captain's orders to get you down here immediately.
Of course. And follow you right into a trap. Is that what you want?
Odo to Ops.
Vedek Bareil was on the transport. He's been injured. [Infirmary]
Yes, Commander. I'm on my way. [Promenade]
I'll keep it open for you. On the contrary. [Infirmary] Consider it my gift to you.
Odo to Captain Sisko. You'd better come down to the Promenade, sir. I'll let you be the judge of that. [Promenade] (Kira is standing in the entrance to the Temple, electricity crackling between her fingertips and the doorframe.) Odo to Sisko. Captain, there's a group of Bajorans on the Promenade who are refusing to leave. [Promenade] (By the motionless figure of possessed Kira is a prayer meeting.)
Odo to Commander Sisko. I thought you might be interested to know Gul Dukat has just arrived on the station. Station log, stardate 47177.2. The arrival of Gul Dukat only powers my suspicion that we are being manipulated in some unseen manner. Doctor Bashir and Garak continue to search for anything of relevance in the adoption files. So far, they've found nothing. And the decision on custody for Rugal cannot wait much longer [Schoolroom]
Odo to Captain Sisko. I've just [Security office] In half an hour.
Odo to the Captain. I'm sorry to disturb you, but do you know a man named Grathon Tolar?
Ambassador Troi and I are stuck in turbolift seven. What's going on? Ready. Yes, Major. Define a while.
Odo here. We have Klingon troops on the Promenade [Promenade] That way.
Odo to Sisko. Is there something you want to tell me? What's going on? Odo to Ops. The snow's [Promenade] What is it, Major? Odo to Ops! Acknowledged.
Odo to Sisko. Stand by. There's a patrol approaching. I'll get back to you in a minute. [Corridor] (Odo is part of the wall.) Odo to Sisko. I hope you're not still on level five. Because they're about to fill the conduits with anesthizine gas, starting with level five.
It's his revenge. Originally, Kirk saw how a tribble reacted [Transporter bay] To tribbles. The tribbles are breeding so fast we can't keep up with them.
you'll need someplace to put all that money. (The drinks tray morphs into Odo with a large suitcase.) I think I can handle it. (Nog takes off his overalls to become a security guard.) [Holosuite- Casino]
Ops to Major Kira. There's another incoming message for you, Major, and they refuse to give either their name or location.
No, Commander. I would like permission to come aboard. I'm here at the request of the Bajoran government. Thank you, sir. I'm presently indisposed Commander. Please find someone else for the job.
(mostly human but a very bland face) Yes, Major? Odo to Ops. I've got wounded people down here. [Promenade]
Nobody ever had to teach me the justice trick. That's something I've always known. A racial memory from my species, I guess. It's really the only clue I have to what kind of people they are. Are these kinds of thoughts appropriate for a Starfleet log? I don't care. There's no room in justice for loyalty or friendship or love. Justice, as the humans like to say, is blind. I used to believe that. I'm not sure I can anymore. [Memory - Storage room]
Odo to Sisko. Section fourteen has been evacuated.
Sort of computer problem? (She checks her console)
Odo to Sisko. You'd better get down to the Promenade. Someone's been killed. [Promenade]
Go ahead. I'm on my way, Major. Go ahead. I understand.
Security! Drop your weapons! This is your last warning. I said drop them.
Seven one green acknowledged, Captain.
Odo to Major Kira. Sorry to disturb you, Major [Security office]
Odo here.
Odo to O'Brien. Can I see you in my office?
Odo to Sisko. I think you'd better get down to Security. I've caught one of the Vulcan's accomplices. [Holding cell] Yes, Commander. On our way.
Safe! (Kira looks through the security office doors to see Odo practicing his umpire moves.)
