You keep him there until I tell you to let him go. Did you take care of that idiot in Roswell who told the press we captured a flying saucer? (Say Hi! to Charles Napier, who played Adam in  Way to Eden!) Weather balloon? Maybe, but we can't risk causing a panic. I'm not telling the public anything until we find out exactly what we're up against. (Denning turns on speaker.) Well, you're in luck. The President agrees with you and he wants us to try and talk to them. So that's just what you're going to do. Look, Professor, we didn't ask you here just because you're Nurse Garland's fiancée. I need someone to talk to these Martians. You're elected. [Examination room] You making any headway, Professor? Besides, we don't have the time. President Truman is an impatient man. He wants answers, and he wants 'em now. I don't see any universal translator. So this gadget of yours is what makes it possible for us to understand each other? How's it work? I was wondering about that. What kind of technology you talking about? You know how to do that? What about weapons? What do you want in return? We use dollars. You mean like gold? How much gold are we talking about? You know, Quark, you might be some kind of Martian Whatever. But the more we talk, the more you remind me of my brother-in-law. He's a car salesman, and not a very good one. The bottom line is, I don't trust him and I don't trust you. So before we sit down and sign any contracts, you are going to tell me just what the hell you people are really doing here. In other words, if we don't play ball, you're going to sell those advanced weapons of yours to the Russians. Americans. I'm not saying we can't do business, but I don't have the authority to make this kind of decision. I'll have to er, well, I'll have to get clearance from the President. What do you know about atom bombs? That little piano-playing Democrat's not as dumb as he looks. He's not about to make a deal with these aliens until we learn more about them. He said he'd leave that in our capable hands. See that you do. [Examination room] Hold it right there. With your finger? Looks a lot like a finger to me. (The spare wheel on the jeep morphs into Odo, who knocks out the two MPs and then Denning.) About what, Captain? All we ever found was a crashed weather balloon. [Ferengi shuttle]
