I was admiring your markings. Are they decorative? No. If you don't mind my asking, how far down do they go? With only limited success, I'm afraid. My theory is that the dimensional shifts are caused by fluctuations in Meridian's quantum matrix. Fluctuations that are somehow triggered by our own sun. Yes, but we always look forward to this existence and its many pleasures. Here, let me help you with that. (Deral takes the fruit that Dax is trying to get into.) The trick is to scoop out the pulp and eat the thin layer inside the rind. Here, try some. Especially if you've been looking forward to it for sixty years. Just beyond that forest there's a garden with a small pond. It is. There were never many of us. We're the descendants of an expedition that was stranded here millennia ago. It did for a time, but over the last few centuries our numbers have dwindled. You see, we only reproduce when we're in humanoid form, and our time here keeps growing shorter. In twelve days, Meridian will shift back to its non-corporeal state. Eventually we will only be here for a matter of minutes. When that happens Meridian will too unstable to successfully shift back to the other dimension. The planet and all its inhabitants will cease to exist in either dimension. (On the other side of the square.) My people have no record of that phenomenon. Do you always do that when you're concentrating? Bite your lower lip. Well, I'm sure you have things you need to do. What a coincidence. Neither do I. [Garden] This isn't turning out exactly the way I'd planned. You've barely said a word since we left the settlement. She'd probably prefer if I was walking with Keshara or Renar. You see, ever since my wife died everyone's been wondering when I was going to find myself another companion. I guess I was waiting for the right woman to fall out of the sky. It only had to happen once. Don't worry about Seltin. After all, we both know this is just a harmless little walk. With a brief stop to climb a tree. Come on. Don't tell me that in eight lifetimes you've never climbed a tree? Well don't worry, I won't let you fall. (He helps her up to a branch at head height.) This is one of my favourite views. I hope not. I knew you'd like it. (He pulls a bunch of berries from the water.) Try one. I knew you'd like that too. I'm glad you noticed. (They sit on the grass.) I'm checking them now. They're the same as before. There's nothing to indicate the gamma bursts are causing the quantum fluctuations. I'd rather sit here and look at you. Can I go first? They're out of balance. Now if we can stabilise that reaction. Oh, Jadzia. (An embrace.) Jadzia. You've found me. Oh Jadzia, that's wonderful. Do you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to build a house right here. Nothing extravagant, just big enough for two. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking this man who just met me is talking about building a home for us. I realise you have a life on Deep Space Nine, but now you'll have a place here as well, for when you visit. How long? Meridian is going to shift in five days. Jadzia? In sixty years. I want you with me now. Yes, there is. I can leave Meridian and go back to the Alpha Quadrant with you. If you'll have me. I need to discuss something with you. That's what I want to talk to you about. I was going to speak to her, as well. I'll meet you back at the ship. [Dax's cabin] Well, it's done. I told Seltin and the others that I'm leaving Meridian. They asked me not to go. Seltin feels the settlement can't afford to lose anyone. I told her I understood her concern, but that I've made up my mind. So what were you two talking about before I interrupted? Not me, I hope? Tongo? Jadzia, I have to go. There are some things I need to take care of before we leave Meridian. No. I just have to say goodbye to some people. I'll see you later tonight. [Quark's] Go on, I'm listening. I'm sorry. I just have so much on my mind. I said I would and I will. To be with you. And lose you? No. I wish you could but that's not possible. Your molecular structure wouldn't survive the dimensional shift. But how do you know that's possible? Jadzia. Are you sure you're willing to do that? I was beginning to think you were having second thoughts. You missed Last Meal. I saved you some of these. (The water berries.) Not that I can think of. We'll still be together, Jadzia, in a way you can't even imagine. [Bridge] (The planet starts to shimmer.) Something's wrong. [Bridge] Jadzia. [Bridge]
