(female, same race as Nydrom) Along with some of our greatest scientists. It was Ambassador Sharat transported off the ship just minutes before the accident occurred. It was built into the lab's computers decades ago. We didn't even know it existed. Commander, I just want you to know we don't blame Chief O'Brien for what happened. Please extend our sympathies to their families. That's to be expected, given the pulse's intensity, but it poses no danger. Not yet, Commander, but we're working on it. That's right. Of course. Why would Ambassador Sharat alter the data clip? Commander, the T'Lani and Kellerun have finally made peace. That peace cannot survive unless both sides trust each other. [Runabout Ganges] (Sisko beams in) No, Doctor. He's right on time. To ensure that the peace agreement between our two races will last. The only way to do that was to eliminate everyone who possessed such knowledge, including the two of you. I truly am sorry, Doctor, but at least you have the consolation of knowing your deaths will be for a noble cause. (The accompanying soldiers line up to shoot Bashir.) Let him speak. Their runabout is no match for this ship. Fire a warning shot. I thought he would. Commander, we have no quarrel with the Federation or with you, but we must insist you turn over Doctor Bashir and Chief O'Brien. Commander, I know this is painful for you. It wasn't easy for us to order the deaths of our own people, but it is necessary. You can't outrun us and you can't fight us. We can destroy your runabout at any time. Commander, you are running out of options. You have one minute to turn over Doctor Bashir and Chief O'Brien Full stop. Employ shields. Put the runabout on screen. Fire phasers. (KaBOOM) Head back to T'Lani Three. Prepare to take the other runabout in tow. Then where is it? Sisko. Maybe he and the others weren't on that runabout we destroyed. And then piloted the first ship by remote navigation. Did we? [Infirmary] (O'Brien is looking at a mug with flowers on it.)
