I've posted two security officers at the Defiant's docking port, sir. No one'll get near the cloaking device without us knowing about it. Well, I am here to make friends. I'm Lieutenant Commander Michael Eddington, Starfleet Security.
All right, what's going on here? Easy, Doctor. We're all friends here. I'll see this doesn't happen again. Our orders are to give the Jem'Hadar a wide berth. I'm aware of station regulations, Doctor. However, the Jem'Hadar are not. We have to allow them some time to get used to our customs. Remember that before you get into another brawl with them. [Sisko's quarters] (Dinnertime) Can I help you? Sorry, my orders are no one sees him. You'll have to talk to Admiral Nechayev. She's in charge here until the Jem'Hadar
Odo's message said the runabout had been caught in a tractor beam. That suggests he was captured and taken aboard one of their ships. Yes, sir. A task force of nine starships is due to arrive tomorrow. Sir, Admiral Toddman's orders were quite clear and The Security detachment is aboard and phaser rifles have been issued to every fire team. This isn't the result of a spatial anomaly, Major. The tetryon compositor on the cloaking device has been sabotaged. Because I sabotaged it. I was under orders from Admiral Toddman to stop you from pursuing the Romulan-Cardassian fleet. We can still defend ourselves. I didn't damage any of the ship's weapon systems or the engines. But without the cloak, we'll have to return to DS Nine. I'm sorry Commander, I didn't want to do this. Odo's my friend too but I report directly to Admiral Toddman and he gave me an explicit order. I couldn't disobey it. Sir, if we run into the Jem'Hadar, you're still going to need a chief security officer. Because I give you my word. Four more Jem'Hadar ships closing to starboard. Shields at eighty percent.
Well, as someone who is obsessed with rank and title, congratulations, Captain. Captain on the bridge. You wanted to see me, sir? Yes, sir. I'll see to it that if hostilities do occur, the Ambassador is escorted off the bridge. I won't let that bother me. Captain, I just want to say that I agree with what Chief O'Brien said. About your promotion. It's about time. You'd be surprised. People don't enter Starfleet to become commanders, or admirals for that matter. It's the captain's chair that everyone has their eye on. That's what I wanted when I joined up, but you don't get to be a Captain wearing a gold uniform. Then who would protect the Ambassador? Thank you, sir. Captain's log, stardate 48962.5. We are twelve hours from the border. I haven't been in this area since the last Federation-Tzenkethi war. Being here brings back a lot of memories, most of them bad. [Bridge] With your permission, Captain, the Constable and I can begin questioning the crew immediately. You realise, of course, that if no one else tests positive Yes, sir. (Odo and Eddington leave) Our security teams have gone over every centimetre of the ship, checked every piece of cargo, questioned every crewmember. We still haven't been able to find the changeling. At warp? It's unlikely. But with Dominion technology, I suppose it's possible. Which means he was probably replaced before we left the station. I wish the internal sensors were online. It'd make it a lot easier to track down the changeling. That won't be easy. Let's face it, no matter how many precautions we take, he could replace any one of us and we won't know it until it's too late. [Corridor] (Three crew members are escorted into a cabin. Keep your phasers on stun. And stay calm. I don't want anyone getting nervous and shooting one of us by mistake. You sure I can't interest you in one of these? Apparently that changeling doesn't feel the same way. If we don't stop him, no one on board will escape unharmed. Including you. We've reconfigured the rifles to fire an expanding energy pulse. Don't you ever sweat? You know, this'd be a lot easier if we knew where he was hiding. Where would you be if you were him? He is one of your people. Can't you put yourself in his position, try to anticipate his next move? That's too bad. For all of us. [Jefferies tube ladder] (comes in behind Kira) What happened? What are you getting at? Let's get this over with. (Bashir takes the sample, and we're shown it morphing into goo. But he had two vials in his hand when he unplugged it from the hypo, so?) This is ridiculous. I'm not the changeling. If I were, don't you think I'd put up a little more of a fight? You're making a mistake. Sensors aren't picking up any warp signatures. Doctor, how's Lieutenant Dax? Weapons are fully charged and ready to fire. Tactical systems are programming an attack run on the Tzenkethi settlement. [Engine room] The phaser banks are powering down. Starfleet Security believes he's been kidnapped or possibly killed.
How long will we have to keep generating the matrix? Acknowledged. [Bridge] It's out of control. We can't put it out with those. We'll have to vent the entire compartment out into space. There's no way to get to her. Not long with that plasma fire. Ten, twenty seconds at most. Dax, if we don't contain this thing now, it's going to set off the warp core. I'll try to keep the field stable as long as I can. (A forcefield comes on over the top of the fire. Dax walks down the hot slope to the lower deck and gets to Lenara just before it gives out. The alarm sounds and Eddington evacuates the upper level as the blast door comes down. Dax gets Lenara and helps her into a nearby Jefferies tube.) [Jefferies tube]
Welcome back, Captain. [Ops] I can imagine. [Ops] But nothing Stay where you are [Ops] Ops to Bashir. [Ops] There's been a transporter accident. [Ops] Might be lost. It's a long story. [Ops] Eddington to Bashir. We're going to try rematerialising their patterns in about two minutes. The holosuite now.
This briefing will contain information considered extremely sensitive by Starfleet Command. Please, do not share it with anyone who doesn't have a level seven security rating. It seems that during their recent invasion of Cardassia, the Klingons inflicted far more damage than we've been led to believe. Two weeks ago, the civilian government on Cardassia Prime secretly contacted the Federation Council and made an urgent request for industrial replicators. And that request has been granted. Twelve, all class four. With all due respect, Bajor is just one planet. The Klingons have destroyed the industrial base of literally dozens of Cardassian worlds. With twelve CFI replicators, they can at least start building new power plants and factories. Starfleet Intelligence believes the Maquis may try to stop the shipment or even seize the replicators for themselves. Intelligence also reports that the Demilitarised zone between Cardassia and the Federation has become a hotbed of increasing terrorist activity in the past month. We suspect the Maquis have built several new bases in the Badlands, and the Cardassians in the DMZ are getting worried. Yes, sir. In three days. Aye, sir. Captain, it's come to our attention that there may be a Maquis smuggler here on the station. Again, we're still not certain. There's more. Starfleet Intelligence has infiltrated one of the Maquis cells and obtained a partial list of their contacts in the Bajoran Sector. They all had cover names, of course, but one of their contacts started living aboard Deep Space Nine in the last six months. If she's really a Maquis, then she's no longer a Federation citizen. Understood, sir. (Odo and Eddington head for the door.) Not if they're going to search for contraband while they make it look like a health inspection. They need time to look for camouflage fields, false cargo manifests, computer records. Captain, I strongly recommend that we at least try. No, sir. Aye, sir. What are our orders if we observe Captain Yates meeting a Maquis ship? Perfectly. [Bridge] (Cloaked) The Badlands. I don't have any feelings about them one way or the other. I do my job, Chief. Starfleet says to find the Maquis, I'll find the Maquis. They tell me to help them, I'll help them. My opinion is irrelevant. What matters to me is doing my job like a Starfleet officer. Anything else is an indulgence. And the Xhosa's beaming over her cargo. [Garak's shop] After the cargo was beamed aboard the Maquis raider, the Xhosa took this route out of the Badlands and resumed its course to Dreon Seven. For all we know, the Xhosa may not make another run for months. We shouldn't let this opportunity pass us by. Yes, sir. And that does bring up another point I'd like to discuss. In private, if I may. (Odo leaves) Sir, the CFI replicators are due to arrive here tomorrow afternoon. I'd feel better if I were here to supervise the security detail. Yes, sir, he can, but Sir, if the Maquis put up a fight the Xhosa might get caught in the crossfire. If that happens, I can't guarantee the safety of Kasidy Yates. And to be blunt, I don't want that responsibility. Thank you, Captain. [Cargo bay] I've received new orders from Starfleet Command. The CFI replicators in cargo bay seventeen are to be transferred aboard a Vulcan freighter which should arrive at any moment. This operation is to be carried out in complete secrecy. No one aboard the station is to know about it. Absolutely. Also, as of this moment, we're observing communications silence. No comm. traffic in or out of the station for the next nine hours. Understood? Dismissed. (Security leave, Kira enters.) Yes, Major. I'm afraid I need to take command of the station for the next few hours. (And he shoots her, then locks the wardroom behind him.) [Bridge] Very good. We'll be departing in five minutes and I'm leaving you in command until Captain Sisko returns. You have a problem with that, Lieutenant? If you're not up to the job, I'll find someone else who is. The safety of this station may depend on you and I need to know if you can handle it. Good. Now go to Ops and take command.
Throw it on the ground. Turn around. Hello, Captain. Mister Cing'ta won't be joining us. His shuttle had an accident on the way to this rendezvous. You just don't understand the Maquis, do you, Captain? We're not killers. Mister Cing'ta's accident has marooned him on a particularly nasty planet in the Badlands, but I assure you he's very much alive. It's more than he deserved. He was going to sell us out to you. He betrayed us. You've been on my tail for eight months and now that we're face-to-face that's all you have to say to me? Tell me, Captain. What is it that bothers you more? The fact that I left Starfleet to fight for a higher cause, or the fact that it happened on your watch? Look out there. (Sisko looks out into the main cave again.) Those people, They were colonists on Salva Two. They had farms, and shops, and homes, and schools, and then one day the Federation signed a treaty and handed their world over to the Cardassians. Just like that. They made these people refugees overnight. They don't want to be resettled. They want to go home to the lives they built. How would you feel if the Federation gave your father's home to the Cardassians? I didn't tell you to turn around. Look at them, Captain. They're humans, just like you and me, and Starfleet took everything away from them. Remember that the next time you put on that uniform. There's a war out there and you're on the wrong side. Someday I may take you up on that. For now, let me leave you with one piece of advice. Don't come after me. You'll regret it. (Eddington beams out, and Sisko taps his comm. badge.) Before you waste a lot of time running around trying to restore computer control, let me save you some trouble. You can't. You'll find that your memory cores are completely wiped and will have to be reprogrammed from scratch. These work remarkably well. Glad we were able to procure one. Sounds simple, doesn't it? But I assure you, it took a great deal of time to devise one that wouldn't be detected by Odo or Chief O'Brien. I'm really quite proud of it. Well, as long as you're making a list, why don't you add this. (And the raider attacks. BOOM, BANG) You know what your problem is, Captain? You've made this personal. It didn't have to be. It wasn't with me. I have no animosity, no harsh feelings toward you. Does it really pay to risk yourself, your ship, your crew, on a personal vendetta? And would Starfleet approve? I'm the one in control here, Captain. Your ship is defenceless. I could destroy you right now, but I won't. Like I said, the Maquis aren't killers. Our quarrel is with the Cardassians, not you. Leave us alone and we'll leave you alone. Cease fire. No. I'm not going to make you grovel for your life. Unlike you, Captain, I know when to walk away. Maybe you should think about that on your long trip home. Captain's log, stardate 50488.2. The Defiant has returned to the station, but not under its own power. The starship Malinche had to tow us home. [Ops] (hologram) You just couldn't resist the temptation to come after me, could you, Captain. Well, I'm afraid you're going to be disappointed, again. You won't get me, Captain. But I do have a consolation prize for you. Actually it's more of a gift. It's a book. One of my favourites. Les Miserables. Recently? If not, you should read it again. Pay close attention to the character of Inspector Javert, the French policeman who spends twenty years chasing a man for stealing a loaf of bread. Sound like anyone you know? It's a tempting offer, but I have other plans. Enjoy the book. (Transmission ends) (hologram) Well, Javert, let's see how deep your obsession with me is. You've got me. I can't outrun or outfight the Defiant. But, if you come after me you'll have to pay a price. You'll have to let all those helpless Cardassians spiral down to their deaths. The choice is yours. Not much time. Probably take you at least a minute to get back to the planet. They're just Cardassians. (hologram) What are you really up to, Javert? Do you expect me to believe that a decorated Starfleet officer, the pride of the service, is going to poison an entire planet? You're bluffing. Do you realise what you've done? You're talking about turning hundreds of thousands of people into homeless refugees. But think about those people you saw in the caves, huddled and starving. They didn't attack the Malinche. Can't you see what's happening to you? You're going against everything you claim to believe in, and for what? To satisfy a personal vendetta? And you're betraying yours right now! The sad part is, you don't even realise it. I feel sorry for you, Captain. This obsession with me, look what it's cost you. Wait! If you call off your attack I'll turn over all our biogenic weapons. All right, Javert. I'll give you what you want. Me. (Transmission ends) Captain's log, supplemental. Resettlement efforts in the DMZ are underway. The Cardassian and Maquis colonists who were forced to abandon their homes will make new lives for themselves on the planets their counterparts evacuated. The balance in the region will be restored, though the situation remains far from stable. [Airlock]
You still there, Captain? Just checking. Captain, I hate to rush you [Runabout]
