Curzon Dax was not responsible for the death of my husband. (Enina is played by Fionulla Flanagan, who will be Data's 'mother' later in the year.) Without a doubt. My son is obsessed with the death of a father he never knew. Ohm I tried to persuade him not to reopen the case. He wouldn't listen to anyone, least of all to me. You have to understand. Curzon Dax was closer to the General than other any man on this planet. He was a dear friend to this family. Curzon would have died himself sooner than conspire against my husband. The only facts I know are in my son's hands and he intends to use them against Dax. There is proof of a secret transmission that was made from out military headquarters to the enemy camp. It identifies exactly the route my husband was taking on his way back from the capital to the front. It was at that time that he was ambushed and kidnapped. A short time later, he was killed. There were only five people including my husband who knew that route. My son has established the whereabouts of all of them at the time of the transmission. All of them, except Curzon. That cannot possibly be enough to convict him, can it? How is he? Curzon Dax. What? I'm sorry. I didn't know. [Quark's] What purpose does this serve? The truth. My husband was not the hero in life that he was in death, Mister Odo. In death he became a legend, and I became a legend's wife. There are people who did not even know my husband who still contact me. Decades after his death, they still mourn him. No, because I knew the man before he became a legend. But I also knew my place in history. My place is to carry on bravely, never to remarry, to represent my husband at the banquets given in his name. But never, never to talk about who he really was, because nobody wants to hear that. No matter what is said, they will still embrace his memory, for he was and will always be, the hero who died for his people. But perhaps it's time for my place in history to change. [Dax's quarters] May I speak? I am Enina Tandro, widow of General Ardelon Tandro. This hearing is unnecessary. The accusations are erroneous. Madame Arbiter, Curzon Dax is accused of sending a transmission to the enemy that betrayed my husband. But I know where Curzon was at the exact time that transmission was sent. He was in my bed. You were kind to try and protect me. Someone you'd never even met. But it was Curzon Dax who swore himself to silence to preserve the memory of General Tandro. Not Jadzia. And it will continue to be. No one will ever know that he was the one who tried to betray us, and that the rebels killed him for the favour. As for you, there is one favour I would ask. Live, Jadzia Dax. Live a long, fresh and wonderful life. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
