Wake her. (The alien woman hypo's someone.) We've brought you back home, to Cardassia. (Kira is distraught.) Please, we're here to help you. We don't think it's going to get us anything. If all we wanted was information, we'd have it already. We have no intention of hurting you. Why should we? You're one of us. I know this is difficult for you, and I'm sorry. I wish there were a better way to prepare you for what you're going through. Sometimes I question the wisdom of our infiltration methods. By altering the memories of our long-term operatives, we ensure that they'll never be discovered, but it makes reintegrating them back into Cardassian society much more difficult. Still, it's hard to argue with success. Of course not. At least, not yet. We've given you medication to reverse your memory loss, but it can take some time to become effective. Until your original memory re-emerge, I don't expect you to believe a word I say. But it still can be difficult watching someone you care about suffer. I supervised your training. You are an undercover operative of the Obsidian Order named Iliana Ghemor. Ten years ago, you volunteered for an undercover assignment on Bajor. We kidnapped a Bajoran terrorist, gave you her memories, her appearance, and placed you back on Bajor to infiltrate the Resistance. I know, you don't believe me, but you'll remember. It will just take some time. Being here should help. This is not a prison, Iliana. This is your room in the house where you were born. Your home. Here. This contains a personal statement you recorded before you were sent to Bajor. Watch it. It should help explain things. If you have any questions, just ask. [Wardroom] Ah. There's someone here who wants to see you. As I explained, Legate, the initial debriefings can be difficult. We couldn't allow any interruptions. Remember, her memory hasn't returned yet. Iliana, this is Legate Tekeny Ghemor. He's your father. Are you sure that's wise? As you wish. (Entek leaves) She doesn't remember anything? That's unfortunate. It would've made things easier. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you some questions. She was given time. The desegranine injections should've worked by now. Memories usually begin to resurface after only a few hours. It's been two days. Your daughter has some information that we need. I'm sure in time she'll see the wisdom of cooperating. So, if you'll excuse us. Legate, your concerns are baseless. She's one of our own people. We have no reason to harm her. As you wish, Legate. (Time has passed) What were your duties as first officer of Deep Space Nine? How many Starfleet personnel are stationed on Deep Space Nine? That's enough. Iliana, don't you understand what's going on here? I'm trying to give you a chance. Even if you don't remember who I am, you are still one of my operatives. Now, I don't want to hurt you, but if you don't cooperate. Maybe there is a way to convince you to take what I say seriously. This is Entek. Send me exhibit S one-nine-eight-three I. Immediately. Did you know that the Obsidian Order saves everything that comes into its possession? You never know what might prove useful. We have libraries of data transcripts, vaults of ancient artifacts, even (A stretcher is beamed in.) Ah, here it is. Even cryogenic chambers containing biological subjects like this one here. (Kira pulls back the sheet to reveal the Kira from the prison database.) I assure you, when it comes to the Obsidian Order, nothing is impossible. Do you remember when you were on long-range reconnaissance in the Bestri Woods. You thought you saw a Cardassian soldier and opened fire on him. You hit your target, only to find out A mother hara cat, who was nursing her young. I know about it because we placed that story in your memories, Iliana. Just like we gave you every other memory you have. What we couldn't extract from the real Kira, we got from other prisoners or just invented ourselves. Ask yourself two things, Iliana. First, is there anything that I've said we've done that's beyond the capabilities of the Obsidian Order? I assume you know there isn't. Second, if you're not my operative, if you're not who I say you are, why would I be playing this game? Believe me, if I wanted to extract the information from you, I'd have it already. I don't want to do that. I care about you. You were one of my best students. Watch the recording, think about what I've said, because the Order won't wait much longer. [Iliana's room] (Kira uses a PADD to disable the forcefield and open the window.) All right. One more time, Iliana. What are the names of the Starfleet ships deployed along the Demilitarised zone? That's not acceptable. As a Bajoran liaison officer, it's your duty to help coordinate Federation activity near Bajoran space. Now, what are the names of the ships deployed along the Demilitarised zone? Their names, Iliana. Give me their names. (Ghemor enters) Legate, you can't come in here. This is Obsidian Order business. Our autonomy Of course, Legate. Iliana, I'm afraid the next time we talk, it will have to be at the Order's facilities. Good day. (Entek leaves) Very astute, Major. You couldn't have done any better if you were one of us. It won't work. We've got a transporter suppression field over this whole area. You don't know how long I've waited for this day. Imagine, in one bold stroke the Obsidian Order will unmask a traitor in the Central Command and shatter the entire dissident movement. And we have you to thank for it. You underestimate your importance, Legate. With your help, we'll be able to purge the government of all disloyalty. The enemies of Cardassia will be destroyed. The Obsidian Order is Cardassia. (Entek's guards force Ghemor into a chair.) I think you know. Major, your testimony would make for a more dramatic trial, but I'd be willing to dispense with it if you give us any trouble. Garak, what are you doing here? Garak, I don't understand. Why are you helping these people? Ghemor is a traitor, an enemy of the Order. You're making a serious mistake. Up until now, the Order was satisfied to let you live in exile, but now
