How many of them are there? Not you, the Jem'Hadar. Then you'd better run. (Six or seven soldiers shimmer into view from thin air.) Don't. The security barrier will kill you. I have no wish to see you hurt. Because everything about the Jem'Hadar is lethal. Are you saying you've never heard of the Jem'Hadar? My name is Eris. They're the most feared soldiers in the Dominion. Then you've been fortunate. Negotiations with the Dominion can be a dangerous thing. The Dominion decides that you have something that they want and then they come and take it by negotiation or by force. Believe me, I know. I've seen it happen on my own world. Kurill Prime was offered entry into the Dominion. They thought our telekinetic powers would be useful to them. When Kurill refused the Dominion's offer, they sent in the Jem'Hadar. They destroyed our communications centre, they executed our leaders, and before we realised it, they had seized control of the entire planet. I was on a freighter returning home when the attack occurred. We fled, but they came after us. My mother was an outspoken opponent of the Dominion. I guess they wanted to make an example of my family. It suppresses my telekinetic abilities. Without it, I might be able to break through the security barrier. Even if we do get past the barrier, no one ever escapes from the Jem'Hadar. Of course. [Forest] (Morning has broken) If we escape, do we have to take him with us? Doesn't he realise he's not accomplishing anything? He can't take you to the Founders because they don't exist. They're a myth. Even if I can break through the security barrier, how do you plan to get off the planet? And then what? I'd be glad to tell them all I know. You're hurting me. You've been at it for hours. Stand back. (She sends an energy globe at the circle and the forcefield is removed. A soldier runs in and Sisko knocks him down, grabs his rifle and shoots him.) He's slowing us down. He can hide in the underbrush. We'll transport him to safety once we get to your ship. I can't believe I'm on the other side of the galaxy. (Sisko comes out of his office, armed.) I don't understand. You seem to already know the answer. Well done, Commander. You think the Founders would waste their time with you? You have no idea what's begun here. (Eris taps her cuff and beams out)
Then you've been fortunate. Negotiations with the Dominion can be a dangerous thing. You have no idea what's begun here. (Eris taps her cuff and beams out)
