That's all right, Mister Sisko, I'm not hungry. I'm here to see Ben. Hello, Benjamin. It's me. Dax. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Hello, Benjamin. It's me. Dax. And now, the continuation. [Sisko's restaurant] I can hardly believe it myself. But I'm Dax. I mean, I'm not Jadzia Dax. I'm Ezri Dax. But I have all of Jadzia's memories. Not to mention Lela's, Tobin's, Emony's, Audrid's, Joran's, Curzon's. Am I forgetting anyone? Right. You're probably asking yourself who is this person? How did she get the symbiont? Do I even want another Dax in my life? Does she always talk this much? These are all very good questions and I wish I had good answers for you. Really? That is so nice of you to say. I'm not usually this emotional. It must be the Emony in me. At least I think it's Emony Hi, Jake. You seem taller. Or am I shorter? You know, none of this was my idea. I never wanted to be joined. It was an accident. I was on the Destiny when they brought the Dax symbiont aboard to be taken back to Trill. Halfway through the trip, the symbiont took a turn for the worse and needed to be placed in a host immediately. I laid down on that operating table one person and I woke up a completely different person. Well, I should say eight different people. I was not prepared for this at all. I mean, you're supposed to get years of training and preparation before you get joined, and all I got was a fifteen minute lecture from the ship's surgeon and he wasn't even a Trill. You don't how much better I feel just being here with you, Ben. I did meet with the Evaluation Board several times. They gave me some books to read, some counselling, but once a host and symbiont are joined, there's really not very much they can do. My parents, my friends, my crewmates, it's like they don't even know me anymore. Which is understandable since I hardly even know myself. That's why I took a leave of absence to come here. I knew that if there is anyone who can help me through this, it would be you. Fine. I'll come with you. It doesn't matter. When do we leave? Great. It'll be just like old times. Except different. [Klingon bridge] (An altar of sorts has been set up.) This is so embarrassing. I'm a trained Starfleet officer. I've no business getting space sick. But ever since I was given the symbiont, warp speed does make me a little queasy. No, I'm fine, really. But I just wish I could stop thinking about Torias. He died in a shuttle accident. I still remember the last few seconds before the crash. Maybe I don't belong in Starfleet anymore. Aren't you glad you brought me along? (Ezri goes to the replicator, and Jake follows.) One iced raktajino. I know you've been worried about your father, Jake, but he's going to be all right. Because I've known him a long time. Besides, it's my job to know these things. I'm a ship's counsellor. Well, actually, an assistant ship's counsellor. Is it that surprising? You know, I wasn't always this confused. Before I was joined I was considered to be a very promising young officer. That is horrible. I hate raktajino. Because Curzon liked it. Well, I don't. I have to learn to control some of these urges. [Captain's office] There's too much ionisation in the atmosphere. It'll interfere with our sensors. Hear what? If there is an Orb buried around here, my tricorder's not picking it up. Did they give you any hint which way to go? I hope he heard them right. [Klingon bridge] Think we're getting close? But we're headed in the right direction? Audrid loved to walk. Of course, she preferred the woods. Nice shady glens, cool breezes, cold streams. We've been keeping a pretty fast pace. It might be a good idea to give your father and Jake a chance to rest. I think we should stick together. Benjamin? Benjamin. Is this it? You're not sure? Ben, that's not good enough. Ben. (She takes the baseball and throws it away.) Are you listening to me? (Sisko remembers seeing the ball rolling off the piano in the restaurant.) Where? Why there? I wasn't even aiming at anything. Ben, maybe my memories are playing tricks on me but have you gotten stranger? Here. Who? You have definitely gotten stranger. [Klingon bridge] What are you going to do? Benjamin what's wrong? Benjamin. [Isolation Ward] (Benny Russell has been writing on the walls of his padded cell) Benjamin, what are you waiting for? Open it. That's why we're here, right? Jake! Jake, are you all right? Ben? Ben, what are you doing? [Isolation Ward] Ben, stop. [Bajoran ship bridge] No! Ben, you came here to find the Prophets, remember? No, listen to me. You promised Jadzia you would make things right. Well now is your chance. Open the box, Ben. (Sisko raises the shovel, Benny holds the roller. They both drop them.) [Isolation Ward] Benjamin? That must have been some Orb experience. Odo! Nerys! Julian! It's so good to see you. Worf, we need to talk.
It's funny. Before yesterday, I'd never set foot on this station but it's as familiar to me as the back of my hand. Isn't that odd? (Morn looks blank.) You have no idea who I am, do you? (Morn blinks.) I didn't think so. Thanks for listening anyway.. [Promenade] (Ezri walks along, then stops outside the Shrine.) [Shrine] (Ezri goes in, and walks slowly up to the Orb box. Kira enters.) I was killed here. I mean, Jadzia was. It's a strange sensation, dying. No matter how many times it happens to you, you never get used to it. It must be a little disconcerting for you, knowing that I have Jadzia's memories. No wonder you're uncomfortable. Tell me about it. Well, I'll let you get to your prayers. [Quark's] (Ezri looks dubiously into the mug Quark has served to her.) Bloodwine. It smells awful. I used to be right handed, too. A lot of things have changed since I was joined. Who knows anymore? I'm not staying. I'm going back to the Destiny to be an assistant counsellor. Why does everyone sound so surprised when they hear that? I don't want to force things. People need time to get over losing Jadzia. You know something, Quark? Besides Benjamin, you're the only one of Jadzia's friends who doesn't seem uncomfortable around me. Who could forget? Wait a minute. You owe me ten slips of latinum from our last game. I won with a Full Consortium. I remember. Don't say that, Quark. I'm confused enough as it is. Are you alone? I didn't want to go through Ops in case Worf was there. We bumped into each other last night in Quark's. Of course not. But he wouldn't even talk to me. But that doesn't mean we can't talk to each other. Worf knows that. I told him all about Trill traditions. Jadzia did. We discussed them. They discussed them. These pronouns are going to drive me crazy. (Worf is in Ops.) Look at him, Benjamin. He's in pain. I was his wife. I can tell. I don't want to put him through any more heartache than he's already going through. It's a good thing I'm going back to the Destiny. I can't stay. I couldn't do that to him. Besides, I think it might be easier for me on the Destiny. There are too many memories here. I'm going to miss you too, Benjamin. [Quark's] (It's busy. There's quite a crowd milling around the tables.) Me? You want me to work with Garak? Assistant counsellor. I'm still in training. Oh, how to keep from breaking into tears for no reason. How to resist the urge to stand on my head. Things like that. Emony used to do it. She found it relaxing. Actually, it's giving me a headache. (She comes down and sits on the floor.) Why can't Julian work with Garak? I bet he doesn't stand on his head for no reason, either. All right, I'll try. I just wish I had as much confidence in me as you do. [Quark's] Am I interrupting? Is that all right? I understand. So is it helping? The sewing. Is it making you feel better? You're lucky, nothing helps me. Why would you say that? No, I get spacesick. Ever since I was joined. I'm very sensitive to motion. I can even feel the station spinning. It's because of what happened to Torias. He was killed in a shuttle accident. Because I blame myself for what happened. Yes. No. Depends on how you look at it. Torias was my fifth host. Didn't I say that? Well, he was. And I think the reason that his death has stayed with me for so long is because I just can't seem to forgive him for getting himself killed. I know. But somehow I can't help but punish myself for it. Exactly. You're probably right. But I didn't come here to talk about myself, I came to talk about you. Do you remember anything traumatic happening to you when you were young. Something involving getting trapped in a confined space. Sounds like he was strict. Did he discipline you? Tobin. Why didn't you mention that when I asked if you'd ever been trapped in a confined space. Learned your lesson? Did you think you deserved to be locked in that closet? You blame yourself. Just like I blame myself for that shuttle accident. Maybe you get claustrophobic for the same reason that I get spacesick. We're both punishing ourselves for things that weren't our fault. That's it. Don't you see? We both have to let go of all this misplaced guilt. Not overnight, but it's a step in the right direction. Me too. Are you all right? Probably because we've been talking about it. Actually, I'm starting to feel a little spacesick myself. Good idea. My pleasure. [Corridor] (Ezri turns a corner and bumps into) Hello, Worf. Ensign? That's all you have to say to me? I was your wife. Come in. Do you think the Chief could adjust the inertial dampers so the station would spin a little slower? Never mind. To what do I owe the pleasure? Really? I guess our talk helped him. I thought you said you weren't going to say that. I talked with Worf. He doesn't want to have anything to do with me. Absolutely not. You intimidate him. Don't tell him I told you. You like that, don't you? Come on. I've been a man, I know. What are you getting at, Benjamin? Thanks for saying that. But even if Worf wasn't an issue, I'm still just an assistant counsellor. How'd you talk them into that? That I haven't already learned in the last three hundred years. It means a lot to me that you want me to stay, but I can't. Mostly. Idanian spice pudding. No, cancel that. I'll have a kilm steak, rare. No, Tobin was a vegetarian. Give me How'd you know? Sure. What was that? That look. Don't flirt with me, Julian. Please. I remember the way you used to flirt with Jadzia. Good. Because I'm not like her. She knew how to handle it. Actually, she quite enjoyed it. You didn't know? You can be very charming. You want to know something? If Worf hadn't come along, it would have been you. (Ezri takes Bashir's hand.) You really miss her, don't you? Garak, open the door. Breathe in, and out. In and out. Better? It's beautiful, isn't it? Look at that sky. It just goes on and on. But you can't see it. We could call up another programme. If you were looking for fresh air, you sure were knocking on the wrong door. You're not going to have to leave the station. I'll talk to Quark and tell him to leave this holosuite available to you twenty six hours a day. So the next time you feel like jumping out the nearest airlock, come here instead. It's going to be all right. We're going to get this under control. I promise. I'll come and check in on you later. [Infirmary] (Quark is screaming as Bashir probes in his ear.) Garak? I thought you were going to stay in the holosuite for a while. And if you didn't? What would he do to you? I'd like to try. What does it look like? I'm resigning from Starfleet. Because I can't do my job. Garak was right. How can I help other people when I can't even help myself? Don't call me that! I'm not the old man. I'm not Curzon. Or Jadzia. It's a gift I don't deserve. I wish they could. But removing the symbiont would kill me, you know that. Stop it, Benjamin. I thought you of all people would understand. I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I wish I'd been able to help you. Well, you don't have to worry about me bothering you anymore. I'll be leaving in the morning. They're putting in for supplies before they head to the front. But I won't be going with them. I've decided to go back to Trill. Actually, the Destiny's going to be joining the Seventh Fleet at Kalandra. Those transmissions you decoded last week must have convinced Starfleet that it's a good place to launch a new offensive. If the offensive goes well, Starfleet will have you to thank for it. I just thought you should know. (Garak can't even put a dress up on a clothes hangar.) Are you all right? Let's just hope it goes well. The Cardassians will put up a strong fight. How can you be so sure? I suppose that's one way of looking at it. That by helping to end the war, you'll be saving lives. And Cardassian. Dax to Infirmary, I need a medical team. [Infirmary] How are you feeling? At least we found out what's been triggering these claustrophobic attacks you've been having. Now that you know that, what are you going to do? The Captain will be glad to hear that you're back on the job. No. I'm going to stay in Starfleet. The Captain! [Captain's office] It's my request to be reinstated into Starfleet. Why not? I had a feeling you didn't mean all those things you said to me. You were just trying to rattle my cage. Thanks. Somehow I thought you'd be happier that I was staying in Starfleet. Me, too. But you know I can't. Yes? Of course. That's right. You'll get no argument from me there. And she loved you. I know. Worf, I can't stay. I couldn't do that to you. Very much. Thank you. You need your breathing room. I understand. [Wardroom] (Ezri gets her pip at a party.) I don't want to put you out. I'll be there. Thanks, Quark. Worf isn't here, is he? I hope it isn't too crowded for you.
You're not going to get much of an argument from this group. (with the PADD) Right. Chief, what's a grand slam? Right, except it's bases loaded. Now, what's a Fancy Dan? I most certainly am not. (Bashir checks her PADD as Leeta and Rom enter.) You should come watch. That is so sweet. You almost had it. (Worf catches easily. Leeta looks scared but does okay. Rom stands then turns and watches the ball bouncing behind him. Nog catches okay.) (injured knee) I can't believe this. I used to be an athlete. At least I remember being an athlete. My third host Emony was an Olympic gymnast. I keep expecting my legs to react like hers did, but I fell all over myself. It's like I don't know my own body anymore. (Kira comes through checking her wrist.) If you believe Julian. Personally, I'm not sure I'm going to make it. Benjamin was way out of line today, Rom. I got it! That was yours all the way! Oh, come on, Julian! [Infirmary] (Bashir is examining Jake's throwing elbow.) [Promenade] Curzon and Jadzia always wondered why Benjamin hated Solok but he'd never talk about it. Yeah. Rom, you did it! (Logicians 10, Niners 1. Everyone runs out to congratulate Rom.) Are you always this emotional? Human? Did I forget to wear my spots today?
I know you're disappointed, Julian, but you did everything that you could. I'm sorry. Obviously you want to punish yourself. Do you want help? Because I'm really good at punishing myself. Let's see. If I were you, I'd be kicking myself for making promises I couldn't keep. For getting people's hopes up. For being arrogant enough to think that I could help Sarina even though dozens of other doctors have failed. Should I keep going? Glad I could help. What is it? (Bashir is looking towards the entrance.) What is it? What's causing it? There they are. Because they're men. And men have trouble expressing their feelings. Julian, let's sit down. Do you have any idea what's wrong?
I'd make myself scarce if I were you. I tried to warn you. [Captain's office]
How could I forget that? That is one of Curzon's favourite memories. Hi. I am on duty. I'll see you later. It's good to see you again, Kor. (Ezri leaves.) The usual. I have the same conversation over and over again. Everyone's shocked at first, then they start scanning my face for signs of the person they knew as Dax. It can't be. Is it really you? Oh, I do see a little Jadzia in the eyes, a little Curzon in the smile. You're right. The last five Dax hosts went through this. That wasn't bad. You'd make a pretty good counsellor. You want to trade jobs? Funny you should mention dreams. Ever since my conversation with Kor, I've had the most intense dreams about him. Being on a Klingon bridge together, going off into battle, drinking bloodwine, which still makes me gag by the way, singing songs. A part of me wants to be out there with him now. I hope he's all right. I mean, I know I'm sort of contradicting what I just said about wanting to set myself apart from my previous hosts, but the memories I have of being with him are so vivid, I can't bear the thought of losing him. I'd give almost anything for the chance to be together one more time. The two of us, side by side, just like it used to be. (Quark has their drinks, and has been listening.) So, what's your professional opinion? Next patient! Hi. I think I'm in the mood for Okay. Excuse me? Can I say something now? I'm not interested in having another relationship with Worf. I care about him and I probably always will, but he's moved on with his life and so have I. And I'd also like to say that what you just did was one of the kindest, dearest and for you, one of the most embarrassing things that I have ever heard. (kisses him) You're a real sweetheart. Can I order now? A Moscow mule.
Quark, you're mumbling again. But the Grand Nagus picked you for this assignment. Maybe he wants to hear things from a Ferengi perspective. The Nagus trusts you. It's my job. Remember the thirty fourth Rule of Acquisition. War is good for business. Stay here. (Ezri leaves.) Nog, your uncle's just a little nervous. He's not used to being in a combat situation. Your frequency discriminator seems to be drifting. You might want to reset it. No, but Tobin, one of my previous hosts, was. Does that mean we stop working on the communications array? I'm all for that. These mines are a nasty piece of engineering. He's just being modest, Captain. Chief O'Brien would be proud to have him on his crew. Now we get to pull a rabbit out of our hat. [Base camp] (Quark brings a ration pack.) Actually, I'm not sure it was me. It could've been Tobin or Jadzia. Unfortunately, I can't extend its range past a hundred metres. Maybe we should try cross linking the optronic and isodyne relays. In nine lives I've been a little of everything. You have no idea. I'll give you an example. This is my first time on the front lines. Right. But Torias, Curzon, and Jadzia, they were in battle many times, and I can remember what that felt like. I remember the fear, and the anger, and the adrenaline surge. I suppose I'm going to find out. Benjamin, sorry to interrupt. We're ready. [Base camp] It's not that. It's just that a few hours ago, we thought of these mines as the kind of ruthless weapon only the Dominion would use. But now I didn't hear anything. Shh. Listen. (Quark is with Nog in the infirmary.) Your idea? How's Nog? Put it this way, I wouldn't go for a stroll through that ravine tonight. Kellin? Kellin? [Base camp infirmary] (Quark is with Nog, listening to the mayhem outside. He shoots a Jem'Hadar who comes in.) [Base camp] (Sisko finally gets knocked down. He sees a Jem'Hadar pointing his weapon at him, then it all goes black.)
A Til'amin froth for me. What was it about? That's so sweet. Would it bother you if Odo believed in Klingon religion? And go to Sto'Vo'Kor when he dies. That really is so sweet. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is reading when the doorbell rings.)
Like what? I think he's probably expecting a few questions. Why? That's right. And you should both just relax. Yes, Nog has lost a leg and that's a traumatic experience, but nothing you do or say or do is going to be worse than what he's already gone through. Just be happy to see him and tell him you love him. For today, that'll be enough. Welcome back. Absolutely. We can celebrate once you've settled in. And Julian and Miles have become even more obsessed with their Alamo programme, if you can believe it. I half expect Miles to start wearing a coonskin cap to work. You see, Davy Crockett wore this cap made of a raccoon skin and Oh. Well, I think we've covered just about everything you missed while you were away. Is there anything you want to talk about? What? He didn't say that. Forget what he thinks. What do you think? Why do you need the cane? Sounds reasonable to me. I understand. I think we've done enough for today. I'll see you tomorrow. (Ezri leaves.) And his counselling sessions have been going nowhere. In his words, he's sick of talking about his feelings. I can't say I blame him. He's been under constant psychiatric care for almost two months now. I'm not sure. For now, I think our best bet is to simply watch and wait. I know. But sometimes a patient can help guide his own treatment. Let's see what Nog does next. [Jake's bedroom] (Jake can't sleep for the music coming from Nog's room. It's that song - again. And again.) [Nog's bedroom] (Jake enters.) Rom. He is not crazy. At first, it struck me as a little peculiar. But after I thought it over, I began to think that this might be a good sign after all. No, I'm not sure. But I think Nog might be subconsciously trying to seek out his own form of therapy. Okay, it sounds a little odd. I think we should wait and see how this plays out. I'll do it. Great. Do you have any questions? I'm positive. It's a psychological need, not a physical one. Okay, but don't push it. No. Well, you know how to reach me if you have any problems. Hi. Where's Nog? I need to talk to him. I'm afraid not. No. But I do think that it's time for Nog to leave the holosuite. Vic, he can't hide in here forever. He has to face reality sometime. No offence, but you're just a hologram and I am his counsellor. I outrank you and I feel that it's time for him to go. How do you know that? Wait a minute. Let's slow down here. No one's talking about forcing anyone to do anything. Nog, this is a holosuite. Of course I am. I got to hand it to you, Vic, you've done a great job with him. He seems like a new man. Heals all wounds, right? Giving him that cane was a great idea. I haven't seen him limp in days. No kidding. So, what's next for you two? Sammy's a friend of yours? I see. You're going to get Sammy convince him that it's time to leave the holosuite? Forget it. I should know better by now than to ask you to give away your secrets. You probably have the whole thing all mapped out. I mean, what am I thinking? That this new casino is anything more than a ploy? That you'd actually let him live out the rest of his life in a holosuite? They'll be so glad to have him back. It's like you said. He just needed a break from reality. Now all that's left is to decide when he's ready to go back. But I'll leave that up to you. See you around.
My what? Oh, no. Jadzia ordered it. She was planning a party for Martok's birthday next week. Each containing a different variety. Oh, yes. I can remember what each one tastes like, and the way they feel when you swallow them. Torgud gagh wiggles. Filden gagh squirms. Meshta gagh jumps. (Ezri gags.) Bithool gagh has feet. Flush it out the airlock. All of it. He'd insist on sharing it with me as a point of honour. Wistan gagh is packed in targ blood. I have to go now. See you later. I'm sure they do. My mother's one of the more important business leaders in the system. Actually, it's the sixth now. The Ferengi discovered a large deposit on Timor Two a few years ago. My mother nearly had a heart attack when she found out we'd been knocked out of the top five. Oh, I'm sure she would. No. Yes. I don't know. I haven't talked to my mother in almost six months. The last time I saw her was just after I was joined. She came to visit me on Trill and I was still a little confused. When she walked into my room, I put on a big smile, looked her straight in the eye and said, 'Hi, Mom, it's me, Curzon. Things kinda went downhill from there. She didn't. Not really. But she did want me to come home to recuperate, and we had a disagreement. No, not for the first time. No, that's all right. I mean, my family problems aren't as important as finding the Chief. I'll call my mother right away. Anytime. [Ezri's bedroom] I'm all right. Really. And I'm a lot more sure of who I am than the last time you saw me. I've been promoted. Lieutenant junior grade Ezri Dax at your service. The symbiont name always replaces the family name of the new host. It's traditional. Mother, I'm calling because I need your help. One of our officers, Miles O'Brien, went to New Sydney three weeks ago and now he's missing. Captain Sisko was wondering if maybe you could Thank you. I'm not sure when I can get away. I know, but with the war on and everything Mother, no. Please don't put me in this So will the other passengers. Where's your report? Don't worry, I'm sure you'll be out of the doghouse by the time I get back. I'm about to present my family with a whole new Ezri. And to tell you the truth, they didn't really know what to make of the old one. But thanks for trying, Julian. I'll let you know as soon as I find out anything about Miles. Norvo. Neither can I. Oh, yeah. It kept getting in my eyes. Do you like it? I think you've just summed up my entire visit. Is this yours? (A landscape painting on the wall.) Why? But other than that Hi, Janel. It's good to see you. Have they found out anything? Of course I appreciate it. I'm not sure yet. We're in the middle of a war, Janel. I have responsibilities back on DS Nine. Hello, Mother. No, not yet. Jadzia considered Kira one of her best friends, and I'm starting to think of her the same way. We spend a lot of time together. Well, no more than anyone else. I don't really think any of them were expecting another Dax to walk into their lives. Brinner Finok. He was an Ensign. I did talk to him after I was joined, once. I don't think we're really right for each other anymore. He reminds me too much of my son Gran. It makes me a little uncomfortable being around him now. Sorry. Audrid's son Gran. I'm still sorting out my pronouns. No, just me. Nothing simple for Ezri. There's times when the computer asks me to identify myself and I have to think about what to say. Or worse yet, there're days when I wake up and I don't even know if I'm a man or a woman until I pull back the covers. I also have an unfortunate tendency to ramble. It can be a little overwhelming at times. That's nice to know. But I think I've got things under control now. How'd you know it was me? Hmm. I see some things never change. How many of these are yours? When did you become such a harsh critic of your work? Sure. (Ezri takes the PADD as Norvo looks for a glass.) I don't care. Norvo, this doesn't mean that All right. The Andorian Academy rejected your application. That doesn't mean your work is amateurish. There are other art schools. So? You shouldn't just quit. Those are Mother's words. I know because I've heard them too. She wasn't right about me and she's not right about you, either. To do what, the family bookkeeping? Norvo, you could do so much more. I'm not trying to make you feel bad. I just want you to know that I still believe in you. Good night. No. I think it's funny you think he did this because of me. He's not happy here, Mother. Can't you see that? Mother, he's defacing his own artwork. Work that you insisted on displaying even after he objected. But what you've done is made him feel trapped and powerless. He is a grown man who needs his freedom. You're smothering him. Actually I have three, no, four lifetimes worth of memories about raising children. Miles! This is my home. This is where I live. My mother. Did you do this to him? Did you find anything on Bilby's wife? Do you have any idea of cause of death? Why? I'm sorry, Chief. I wish there was something more I could do. It may take a lot of good words, but I'll talk to him. Now? Mother, he needs some rest. I'm sorry about this. Our mother's a force of nature. Good afternoon. Don't worry. You're out of the line of fire for the moment. She's too busy torturing Janel and Miles. He's fine. Not right away. Let's talk about you. More specifically, about what you did last night. Do you regret what you did? So, what are you feeling? Sorry. It's what I do. All right, Doctor Norvo. If that's your diagnosis, what's your prescription? Not funny. Norvo, what would happen if you left with me tomorrow? I mean, what would happen if you went back to Deep Space Nine with me? Forget about her for the moment. Well, it doesn't have to be a permanent move. Think of it as a vacation, a break from all of this. Some time to clear your head, that's all. Janel can handle it. Like what? No offence, Norvo, but you're not exactly holding the company together. Mother can pay a real accountant to do the work she's given you. Well think about it. [Tigan mines] Oh, don't mind him. He's been under a lot of pressure. No. But I make it a point to know as little as possible about the family business. Why? You think this Mister Bokar is a member of the Syndicate? We should tell Janel. Janel is not someone who is easily intimidated. And my mother? She would burn this place to the ground before she did business with the Syndicate. Now I remember why I never went into the family business. All these contracts and invoices, balance sheets and shipping orders. I feel like I'm trapped in some kind of Ferengi nightmare. What? What is it? What do you mean? I don't know what you're talking about, so maybe you should just tell me, Chief. No. Of course not. Are you suggesting Five bars of latinum a week for services rendered. What services? There's no cross reference. No indication of what she was doing for the company. The last payment entry was six weeks ago. My mother, ultimately. But she's turned over most of the day to day operations to Janel, and Norvo's been doing the bookkeeping. Any one of them could know about Morica's payments. Or all of them. Not yet. Not until I find out what's happened. That's an order. So you turned to the Syndicate? What about Morica? All right! All right! We can talk about who saved what later. Right now, we have to concentrate on what happened to Morica. The payroll records show a steady increase in her payments. Why? How did she die? Norvo, you don't know what happened to Morica, do you? Tell me you don't know anything about this. Janel, forget about the mine. It doesn't matter. I want you to listen to me. After Norvo's trial is over, you need to go. It doesn't matter. Just go. Find another life for yourself. Trust me. You'll be happier. [Tigan home office] They've taken Norvo. I'm going to stay on New Sydney for the trial and then I'm going to head back to Deep Space Nine. Last night. Norvo was sentenced to thirty years. I understand why you feel that way. But you didn't know him, Miles. Norvo was very gifted. When we were young he had so much potential. Norvo was always the one that we all thought would be something special. And I don't know what happened. I don't know how my brother turned into. You know, I guess I just spent so many years dreaming of ways to get out of that house that I didn't see what was really going on inside, what was happening to Norvo. The endless humiliation, the constant drumbeat of criticism, the way his heart was carved up into little pieces. I should have seen it. I should have tried to stop it. But I am, don't you see? I should have gone home a long time ago.  <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Anyone else here? Is that the bedroom? I don't know what you think is going on here, but think again. I hope not. My name's not Dax. Shmun? You're a very confused man, aren't you? If your friend Zek is depending on you, he's in a lot more trouble than he thinks. I'll let him explain. You're catching on. The Regent wants the cloaking device in three days. You'll find a way. The Nagus will die. [Airlock] (A bird of prey is docked at the station. Quark looks out of the airlock into the corridor.) As soon as I bring that to the Regent, he'll release Zek. Then you get him back. Would you stop doing that? Staring at me. Do I have to throw you off this transport pad? You don't. But there's not much you can do about it, is there? I don't think you'll like it too much on the other side. Yes it did. We're on Terok Nor. We'd better get moving. I've got a ship waiting for us at landing pad C. This is a rebel base and we're working for the Alliance. (Enter Vic Fontaine with guns.) Do as he says. I'm not a traitor. I believe in getting paid for my work, and you still owe me for the last job I did for you. Like you said, you have to have something to believe in. I'll live. Don't worry about me. Smiley's right about one thing. If you're found in Alliance territory without the cloaking device, you're dead. It's the smart move. And then? All right. Let's say you manage to save this Grand Nagus of yours. Then what? That's it? Quark, don't play dumb with me. You're risking your life for him. There has to be a reason for it. In other words, he's rich. I see. How much are you expecting to get out of him? I don't understand. Why? You're kidding me, right? You're doing this out of loyalty? I hope so. This should be good. What took you so long? Okay. Quit your complaining and get us out of here. Brunt modified the dilithium matrix to maximise the output. He's a very good engineer. It has been a long day. We're not due to rendezvous with the Regent's ship for another forty six hours. By bringing him the cloaking device, you've proven yourself useful. Believe me, the Regent never gets rid of anyone he finds useful. What can I say? I'm loyal to my friends. Forget about them, all right? Don't tell me who I like. Forget it, Brunt. No! It's your mess. You clean it up. (Ezri leaves.) One of the Ferengi seemed to know how it worked. I'll get him. [Klingon holding cell] Good. Lower the forcefield. I'm trying to save your lives. All right, forget it. Where do you think you're going? You're a bartender, Quark. What are you going to do? Mix him a drink? (Quark, Zek and Maihar'du stay in the cell.) I don't expect you to believe this, but I am trying to help you. Well done. I'm not doing this for money. Do you want to get out of here or not? Then stop asking questions and let's go. [Defiant Bridge] Here I am. I was about to ask you the same question. (The two women lower their weapons.) You go. I'm staying here. You shouldn't have killed Brunt. I hope not. (The Intendant leaves.) I owe her that much. In that case, I won't bother saying goodbye. I'm not going anywhere. I don't think that's such a good idea. I think I can take it from here. Must be my lucky day. (Ezri and Leeta leave.)
Now, now. Modesty above all. I know when I'm not wanted. (Later, the bar is almost empty.) I'll take him. His quarters are on my way. He won't be the first drunken Ensign I've escorted home. Someday remind me to tell you about a bar on Bolarus and a certain young Mister Sisko. This way. [Corridor] Kind of sneaks up on you, doesn't it? Are you all right? Do you want some raktajino? I should get going. Make sure you get some sleep. And you're very drunk. Good night, Ilario. Yeah, yeah. I'm up. [Ezri's quarters] Fanalian tea. Hot. (There is a commotion outside. She looks outside to see armed security running past.) What happened? Killed? How? What was the time of death? That's only ten minutes after I left. I didn't see anyone, but I wasn't here for very long. As far as I could tell, he was intelligent, dedicated, eager to please. Everyone liked him. Don't look at me. We never discussed his family. Mostly he talked about the Academy and about the two of you. He really admired both of you. I just wish I hadn't left his quarters so quickly. Maybe he'd still be alive. Odo will catch whoever did this, won't he? Shouldn't you be in bed? I just couldn't sleep. I don't, not really. It's just knowing that he was murdered. Not to me. Meaning that I know exactly what it feels like. To feel the urge, the need, to take a life. He killed three people. He was a host to the Dax symbiont, just like me. I try not to think about it. Jadzia felt the same way. She tried to bury his memories as deeply as she could. But they're still there. The victims. What they looked like. I know. But then something like this happens. Just the thought of someone like him being here right now. You're right. Even if it does mean lying in my bed, staring at the ceiling for a few more hours. Goodnight, Julian. Is this the one we've been looking for? Why? Why did you do it? But you're dead. What? (Ezri's hands are covered in blood. Suddenly she is in - [Ilario's quarters] (With the corpse on the floor.) Dax to Security. Odo? Kira? Anyone there? Security, please answer me. Joran! What do you want? Joran. I'm nothing like you. I don't want your help. You murdered three people. I don't want anything to do with you. Now me leave me alone! No! What is it, Ben? It wasn't my favourite subject. I'll do my best. [Replimat] What do you think? But what does it have to do with us? For what? How's this? Better than that melon. You fired through the wall? Whoever he is, he's smart. [Ezri's quarters] (Ezri is comparing Hector and Greta's service records.) Nothing. No connection. [Promenade] (Late night. Morn escorts a dabo girl to the turbolift. Ezri leaves the Replimat. She hears sounds.) Who's there? Who is it? Quark? Is that you? [Promenade - upper level] This isn't funny. (More banging sounds then a figure looms from the gloom.) Worf! Were you following me? You were worried about me? You were worried about me. Thank you, Worf. That's sweet. Of course. I didn't mean to imply otherwise. Perfectly. Slowly. I appreciate it, but you can't, really. Nobody can. Actually, that's not true. There is someone who could help, but I don't want to ask him, It's complicated. It wouldn't be pleasant. And how do you know that? I'nora, ja'kala vok 'za Ezri. Zhian'tara rek pora'al Zheem Dax tanas rhem Joran. 'za Ezri tanas rhem Joran. Come on, Joran. Don't make me beg. Joran tanas rhem. Vok Ezri, Joran tanas rhem. (Joran replaces her face in the mirror) The murderer. It seems so strange separating you from the others, seeing you standing there. They buried your memories as deep within them as possible. We'll see about that. Now, let's get to work. We have a killer to catch. I want to know how he thinks. We already know how he modified the TR one one six. If you say so. Why? I'm holding the gun. I've held a rifle before. I'm moving through different levels of the docking ring. I'm there. In one of the corridors. I see a Bajoran Deputy. No one's here. (Next door.) A male Starfleet officer. An engineer, about thirty five. Powerful. In control I'm not angry or excited. Detached. Maybe. But why kill like this? Why not choose a victim on the Promenade or in Quark's? No! (Ezri rips off the eyepiece and puts down the weapon.) Then why did you tell me to pull the trigger? I'm not a murderer. I'm not you. That has nothing to do with me. You're the killer. I'm just thinking out loud. No, thanks. I'm not hungry, really. I have a better idea. Let's get back to work. The sooner we find our killer, the sooner you and I can part company. Think again. What are we looking for? We don't even know if the killer ever set foot in here. I don't know. Odo checked with Starfleet Command. The one on the left was killed in combat five weeks ago. The one in the middle is stationed on the USS Truman. The Truman hasn't come anywhere near Deep Space Nine in months. She was here a long time. This was home. Vanderweg's husband is a micropaleontologist on Mora Five. She was married, Ilario was single. She was on Deep Space Nine for three years, he just got here. She was a mature woman, he was practically a kid. Besides the uniform, they had absolutely nothing in common. Which means they could have just been chosen at random. And if that's the case, then we're wasting our time. [Quark's] I didn't say that. I'm sorry to disappoint you. Me? You want to turn me into a killer, make me like you. You want me to kill someone? What do you say I start with you. They've found him! I was trying to stop him from getting away, all right? He hit me, I reacted. I guess I overreacted. I'm sorry things get out of hand, but Bertram killed two people. Then why was the Security team chasing him? Why would he replicate a rifle unless he was going to use it? That doesn't rule him out as a suspect. Ben, please don't give up on me. I can find this murderer. I know I can. I just need more time. [Turbolift] What did I do? You're kidding. One word about you and he'd have pulled me off the case. What does it look like? I'nora, ja'kala vok. Zheem Dax nah sass eye ahn D'za oo bah zheest. Joran rhee jehr hey dah. Joran rhee jehr hey dah. I'm on my way. [Brott's quarters] I knew him. Or at least Jadzia did. He has a wife and co-husband on Bolarus. What did you say? That's it. It's the pictures! He's laughing! [Vanderweg's quarters] She's laughing. [Ilario's quarters] That's what the victims have in common. Pictures of laughing faces. A Vulcan. This one does. Something happened to him, something so emotionally painful it's making him lose control. When he looks through the targeting sensor and sees those pictures, the laughter seems to mock him. Computer. How many Vulcan Starfleet Officers are on the station? I should tell Odo. Then let's get some. [Science lab] We still have twenty eight suspects. Vulcans who have suffered a personal loss of some kind. Not by enough. [Promenade - upper level] (There are Vulcans seemingly everywhere.) There's one thing I don't understand. If he hates laughter, then why doesn't he seek out his victims in Quark's or in a holosuite? You're right. Maybe it has something to do with the way the photograph freezes the emotion, making it seem like the laughter is going to last forever. [Turbolift] Level twelve, central core. We go back over our list of suspects, see if we can't narrow it down. Then proof or no proof, we give the list to Odo. (A Vulcan enters.) What are you doing? Sorry. Never mind. By the way, I'm Counsellor Dax. We need proof. Something I can take to Odo. Science Officer Chu'lak. Age ninety seven. Assigned to Deep Space Nine three months ago. Before that, he served aboard the USS Grissom. The Grissom was destroyed by the Jem'Hadar in the battle of Ricktor Prime. He was one of only six crewmen to survive. He served on that ship for ten years. Those people who were killed were his colleagues, his friends. That doesn't make him a killer. Computer. Locate Science Officer Chu'lak. Computer. Where are Chu'lak's quarters? He's studying something on his computer console. Me. My service record. He's going into the next room. He's back. He's carrying something. Yes. Tell me. Why did you do it? Dax to Infirmary. I need an Emergency Medical team. Habitat ring D twelve. Try not to look so disappointed. [Ezri's quarters] Chzui vok Ezri sheyhal bashar. I'nora ja'kala vok. Zheem Dax nah sass eye ahn. D'za oo bah zheest. Joran rhee jehr hey dah I know. I'll have to be careful. Tu Dax noh zhian 'vok j'zui. (Joran fades away.) Joran rhem tanas Ezri. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Ezri. I've always wondered how it would feel to be able to fly through space like that. Guess so. You've seen through our evil plan.
Whoa! Easy, Julian! What's going on? [Captain's office]
That's where I come in. But first, I make a stop at poker table three where I hand a drink to Julian. After which, I continue on to the countroom. [Holosuite- Countroom] (Howard makes sure Ezri has to lean forward in front of him to put the tray down on a clear space.) I set the tray down and leave. [Holosuite - Casino]
Tshh. Tshh. Tshh.
Worf was commanding the Koraga. They're coming in behind us. (The Jem'Hadar shoot Ezri and Worf down.) I can't believe I'm stuck here with you. Worf, face it. The 'guard, my cellmate is ill' trick didn't work. Neither did your 'I'll make a tool and short circuit the door' idea. What's the special today? (she looks in the tin) Algae paste. My favourite. (The Breen leave.) I wonder what the Breen look like under those helmets? Maybe they're all furry. It's supposed to be very cold on Breen. They're horrible cooks? Well, I wouldn't rule out the possibility that they saw our shuttle crash and decided to take us back to Deep Space Nine. Not very, I guess. You didn't laugh very much at her jokes, either. In some ways. (dreaming) No! No, no. No! No! (She wakes.) Where are we? They were chasing me in an ice cave. I was so cold I could barely breathe. I couldn't get away from them. Every time I looked back they were right behind me. And then one of them grabbed me with this huge claw. How do you know? Besides, it was a dream. Dreams are full of things that don't make sense. How can you say that? Dreams contain valuable insights. Things that don't seem to make sense are actually the key to what your unconscious is trying to tell you. Anyway, I got away from him, but there was nowhere to run. And just when I thought he was about to kill me, he reached up and took off his helmet. And it was Julian. Isn't that strange? I wonder what it meant? Very funny. The cave could symbolise the womb. Maybe my subconscious is trying to tell me that I need to confront emotions that I've repressed since birth. But which one? I've been born nine times. I'm a counsellor. Analysing dreams is part of my job. Well, I'm not Jadzia, am I? (Three Breen enter. Once keeps Ezri back and the other two go for Worf. He refuses to move so they jab him with their electric shock weapons and he collapses. Ezri gets jabbed as well. They drag Worf away.) Where are you taking him? [Winn's quarters] (Winn is praying in front of a shrine.) Worf. What have they done to you? Worf, wake up. Please. Where did they take you? I wonder what they were trying to find out? That's probably a good thing. Careful. Worf, sit down please. Have something to eat. Stop it. What are you going to do? Kill yourself and leave me here alone? It's no time for Klingon chest-thumping either. (A Breen enters. Worf goes for him and gets zapped multiple times.) Stop it! (They drag Ezri out leaving Worf on the floor, twitching.) [Winn's quarters] (At dinner) I'm going to help you through this, Garak. I'm not just saying this because I'm your sister. You have a gift. No more algae paste. I'm not like you. I'm not like you, Joran, I'm not a murderer. I was your wife. Why don't you talk to me? I love you. Kiss me. Kiss me, Julian. [Winn's bedroom] (The comm. interrupts her insomnia) Would you stop that? What's wrong? You haven't said a word to me in hours. What is that supposed to mean? I must've missed something when I was gone. For who? What? I did? Julian? I said I loved with Julian? Worf, look, I admit that I find him to be charming. And obviously he is an attractive man. But I'm not I am not! You're the one that said dreams don't mean anything. Would you stop comparing me to her! (The Breen come for them) [Jem'Hadar bridge] (Worf, Ezri and five Breen beam in.)
Stop it! (Worf, Ezri and five Breen beam in to a Jem'Hadar bridge.) I hate to say it, but this is doing wonders for my back. Probably not. You're right. There's just a few problems. We're on a Jem'Hadar ship heading in the wrong direction, hanging upside down and I think I'm getting spacesick. [Sisko's quarters] (The happy husband is cooking.) Let me try. And your fingers are too fat. Would you just Ow. Ow! Yes, I'm hurt. You just cut my finger and made me hit my head! I still don't see how getting a pin out of a bunk is going to help us escape. No, thank you. The last time you touched me, things got a little out of control. Seduced? I seduced you? What? You have the biggest ego of any man I've ever known. Am I supposed to be embarrassed because Jadzia had a few lovers before you? You're right. It was more than a few. It was dozens. Hundreds. In fact, I don't think there was anyone aboard DS Nine who wasn't her lover! (The door opens. It's Weyoun with Damar and two Cardassian guards.) You can't be serious. War criminals? What are the charges? If you want to end the war why don't you convince the Founders to surrender? Ready. [Cardassian corridor] (The cell door opens with a bang. Worf kills the guard, and they take both his weapons. Around the corner, Ezri shoots one guard but Worf is injured before she can kill the one behind them.) Oh, shut up. (Worf kills another guard.) Look who's talking. (But they are surrounded) [Quark's] (Quark places a drink in front of an empty seat.) The Dax symbiont has lived for over three hundred years. Experienced eight lifetimes. And now it's all going to end with an execution on Cardassia. Ezri Tigan's contribution to the Dax legacy will be to end it. You know, Worf, I have had just about enough of your little Klingon aphorisms. The only reason I came on this mission was to save your miserable life, so the least you could do is stop acting like such a self righteous targ. Do you really think that I would disobey orders and risk my life so I could seduce you? I hate to burst your bubble, Worf, but it wasn't that good. There was a time when you found my sense of humour to be one of my more endearing qualities. Are you angry at me for something that I did or because I'm not Jadzia? Let's cut right to the heart of the matter. Do you love me? Me? Ezri? Answer the question. Do you love me? What is it, Worf? Could it be that you're feeling just a little guilty because you don't have the same feelings for me that you did for Jadzia? If that's true, maybe we both made a mistake back on Goralis. So maybe we both should be forgiven. What? There's no crime in that. Go on. From the first moment you came on the station, I knew you were not Jadzia, and yet I knew that there was a part of Jadzia still alive within you. On Goralis, I allowed myself to see her instead of you. I felt the same way. A part of me, the part that was your wife, wanted very much to be close to you. Worf, we're not gods or prophets. We're people. We make mistakes. There is one other thing I want you to know. I honestly didn't realise how I felt about Julian. I would have never hidden something like that from you. That's good to know. Friends? And more. Sounds like a lazy day to me. (The door opens.) Why are you doing this? I vote for option one. [Dominion briefing room]
You see, I told you they'd miss us. So, who won the betting pool? I know what you're going to say, and the answer is yes, I did leave the station without your permission, and yes, I lost a runabout, but Weyoun and the others were more interested in asking questions than they were answering them. I'm not sure, but I can tell you one thing. He hates Weyoun. I think Damar is worried that this new alliance with the Breen is going to weaken Cardassia's status with the Dominion even more. But whatever his reasons, we owe him our lives. Miles does have a certain cherubic quality. I'm not certain about anything. But he is handsome. He knows how to have a good time. Besides, it's not exactly a toy. You heard the Chief. He spent hours making that. I know. Maybe I am in love with him. Do you think I should tell him how I feel? You're a good friend, Worf. You know, if you want to go down there and help them. (gets a Look) Just a thought. [Dominion briefing room] Autonomous guidance system initialised and active. It's a model. The comm's out. We're venting plasma coolant from over eight separate EPS ruptures. The air's becoming toxic, Captain.
Hi. You wanted to see me? You said something about my test results? Our conversation? Well, I guess now is as good a time as any. Well, it goes back to when Worf and I were held prisoner by the Breen. We spent a lot of time together. And you can imagine that it would bring up all sorts of old feelings. And, well, one thing led to another, and But I want to. Who? No, Julian, that's not (The computer beeps.) No, you don't understand. What I'm trying to tell you is that I'm in love with (But the results of viral analysis 303 have Bashir's full attention.) What? Julian, what's wrong? [Runabout]
So what are you going to do? Look, I'm just not sure that I should be giving you advice on what to do in this situation. It's a Klingon matter. This is the first that I've heard of it. That's very sweet of him. Not a very Klingon word, is it? It's very honourable. Okay. But I'm not sure you're going to like it. I think that the situation with Gowron is a symptom of a bigger problem. The Klingon Empire is dying. And I think it deserves to die. Don't get me wrong, I'm very touched that you still consider me to be a member of the House of Martok, but I tend to look at the Empire with a little more scepticism than Curzon or Jadzia did. I see a society that is in deep denial about itself. We're talking about a warrior culture that prides itself on maintaining centuries old traditions of honour and integrity, but in reality it's willing to accept corruption at the highest levels. Am I? Who was the last leader of the High Council that you respected? Has there even been one? And how many times have you had to cover up the crimes of Klingon leaders because you were told it was for the good of the Empire? I know this sounds harsh, but the truth is, you have been willing to accept a government that you know is corrupt. Gowron's just the latest example. Worf, you are the most honourable and decent man I've ever met, and if you're willing to tolerate men like Gowron, then what hope is there for the Empire? [Jem'Hadar airlock] (The Cardassian shuttle flies into a small landing bay in a big space station, next to where a Jem'Hadar ship is docked. Garak is in Cardassian uniform and Kira is a prisoner.)
I have no idea. The Chief was supposed to come fix my sonic shower this morning, but he never showed up. I asked the computer where he was, and when I came in, this is what I found. Have any idea who this is? Then I'd guess this isn't some kind of obscure meditation therapy. Julian, are you with us?
So, how's Odo? Oh, that's great. That's, that's really great. I didn't know we were getting another Defiant class ship. Well, I'll let you two get acquainted. (Ezri leaves. Sisko sits in the Captain's chair.) Whoa! I'm sorry. Hi. It's that time. (Bashir takes her tray and puts it on a table.) I know. I have a confession. You go first. No, really, Julian. You go first. (They walk out.) Something more? I've been wondering the same thing. Me too. I've been trying to tell you, but every time I just couldn't get the words out. Neither do I. You know why we might be holding back? The friendship. I've made that mistake before. You can never go back. I can't bear the thought of losing you as a friend. We've figured it out. You know, it takes a certain maturity to not be swept away by the romantic fantasy. Chemistry isn't everything. I think we should be proud of ourselves. Friends. [Quark's] (Quark is lying on the bar.) Good morning. What are you smiling at? Not a chance. I'd have turned and walked the other way as soon as I saw you. Me too. (The turbolift arrives. A woman gets out.)
Julian. We have to get up. It's a big day. Such as? I suppose you'll want to tell Miles. Because you tell him everything. Good. Oh, we really should get up. We don't want the Defiant leaving without us. There's a first time for everything. Let's make a pact. We both come home alive. I'm holding you to that. [O'Brien's quarters] You're sure you're not angry? Well, now that he knows how I feel. That's a relief. You're kidding, right? Sir, Chancellor Martok would like to speak to you and Admiral Ross. Captain, Admiral Ross for you. Aye, sir. [Dominion briefing room] Aye, sir. Sir, most of our fighters are either destroyed or under attack themselves. They've switched sides. Sir, Admiral Ross and Chancellor Martok would like to talk to you. All things considered, I think I'd rather be on Risa. You're coming to Vic's tonight, right? Who's asking? You helped him become Chancellor. You can't very well turn your back on him now. Congratulations, Worf. [Promenade - upper level] Jadzia loved Rio. We found the Captain's runabout orbiting Bajor. Better keep it coming. I think that after dinner tonight, we should go to Quark's, spend some time in a holosuite. Actually, I was thinking about the Alamo. Why not? What happens then? Until they're wiped out. Lucky guess. I take it we'll be the Spartans? Just like the Alamo. Have you talked to a counsellor about these annihilation fantasies? I'll set up a session for you tomorrow. Tonight we defend the pass. [Quark's] (Morn is examining a small bottle.)
