Nerys? Is that really you? Are you alone? I don't want anyone to hear me. I think, I think someone's trying to trace my signal. You heard about Latha? They killed him. As he knelt in prayer, they killed him! They're going to kill me too, Nerys. They've been watching me. I don't know, but I feel it. I need to get out of here, go somewhere safe. Please, Nerys, you've got to help me. You always promised that you'd help. Okay. I knew I could count on you.
Nerys. Well, I came to see you. Ah, you know me, always searching for answers. Thank you. And one that never ends. Oh, you're a Colonel now. It seems like only yesterday you were just a little girl, squirming in your chair during instruction. Which was good for discipline and made me seem more imposing. And the answer? You remember. I brought you something. I know you're angry with me. I was a member of this cult, as you call it, long before Dukat. I came to it toward the end of the occupation. It's helped me make sense of the suffering we all had to endure. They turned their backs on us long ago. Hate and fear. You know how often I've heard those words used to describe us? Nothing could be further from the truth. Dukat had nothing to do with that. The boy who attacked Captain Sisko was acting out of his own misguided beliefs. We're a peaceful people. Nerys, the Master brought you here because he cares about your spiritual well being. You're so stubborn. That's always been your problem. When Dukat first came to us, I didn't want to accept him. But I came to realise the Pah wraiths had taken this man of evil and washed him clean. What could be more wondrous than that? You disappoint me, Nerys. Of all the things I tried to teach you, the most important is the need to forgive. Let me show you how we live. I want you to see the community we're building here so you'll know you have nothing to fear from Dukat, or from us. [Empok Nor Promenade - upper level] (A man is welding the railing.) Only one of the fusion generators is operational, so we don't have power for things like replicators. We've turned several of the lower levels into hydroponic bays. We have a few cargo shuttles. We're well aware that you may try and leave us, so you should know that the docking bays are being guarded, as is the transporter we used to bring you here. {Empok Nor Promenade] (Down the stairs.) Of course. It's the Master's hope that you will come to see this as your home. Mika, this is Nerys. Mika and her husband have the honour of being the first to receive the Master's blessing to bear children. Vows of abstinence are part of our covenant with him. Exceptions are granted only when he sees that a husband and wife have demonstrated a true spiritual bond. But you don't approve. In ancient times, Bajorans understood the value of denying worldly pleasures. Ironic, isn't it, that a Cardassian would be the one to lead us back to the old ways? That was a long time ago, before he felt the kiss of the Pah wraith. Striking, isn't it? Benyan is Mika's husband. Benyan. Enough, Nerys, unless you're willing to kill us all. (She tries to back out to the Promenade but gets knocked out from behind.) You don't approve, Nerys. This is a special moment. I'm not going to ruin it by arguing with you. You believe the Prophets are the true gods of Bajor, I believe the Pah wraiths are. Let's just leave it at that. What's obvious is you hate him so much, you can't even entertain the possibility that a miracle has occurred. I have faith. I would think you'd understand what that means. Nerys, is it beyond the realm of possibility that the Pah wraiths have sent us this child as a sign? They have powers beyond our understanding. Your Prophets made an entire fleet of Dominion ships vanish into thin air. What's one child compared to a miracle like that? You saw what you wanted to see. I know the truth. I just don't want you making unfounded accusations. It's coming along nicely. Nerys, let's let Benyan get back to work. [Empok Nor Promenade] Kira. Enough. Ka'li bor'ek, no'ma ten'su, fah jah nori bentu'sa. Are you all right? Everyone, please. Let us not allow anything to disturb this holy moment. (Fala offers him a pill from the other bowl.) Faith, Nerys. Faith. [Defiant mess hall]
