(Another girl cadet.) Main power holding. Auxiliary power on standby. Shields holding at eighty four percent. Maximum yield, full spread, aye sir. Shields now at seventy eight percent. Preliminary damage report, sir. Ensign. Sir, the Engine Room also reports that we still have power spikes cropping up all through the deuterium injector startup routine. I did too, sir. No. What does that have to do with the injectors? You do realise you're violating about fifty safety regulations? I don't know, Captain. This seems kind of risky to me. Well, Mister Sisko. It sounds like you and the Chief had quite a conversation this afternoon. Home and family and the glories of dawn on the moon. Does that just about cover it? What's going on, Mister Sisko, in case you haven't noticed, is that we are in the middle of a war. We can't afford to have young cadets thinking about mommy and daddy when they need to be concentrating on their duties. All you did was plunge a member of this crew into emotional turmoil. I'm not sure we can trust him. What about Mister Nog? Yes, sir. Captain, are you all right? I heard you were on the bridge during the midwatch again last night. You haven't been getting much sleep lately, sir. No, sir. I suppose not. Yes, sir. I'm sorry I even brought it up. Red Alert. All hands to battle stations. I repeat, all hands to battle stations. [Valiant Bridge] We've found our battleship. Phaser reserve is losing power. Negative. I think we're still outside their sensor range. Aye, sir. I don't remember anyone inviting you to the bridge. Captain's log, stardate 51825.4. We've been shadowing the Dominion battleship for three hours. The data our probe has gathered so far has not only been interesting but it may have given us a golden opportunity to strike a blow for the Federation. [Valiant Mess hall] We've found a flaw in the design of their antimatter storage system. The primary support braces are made of viterium. A single torpedo rigged with a radiogenic warhead could reduce those braces to the consistency of wet pasta. We've trained for that possibility. It shouldn't be a problem. You are not a member of this crew. All decks report ready, sir. They've spotted us. They're dropping out of warp. We are in visual range. Aye, sir. Defence system, ready. Shields holding. They're trying to jam our sensors. I've acquired the target. Torpedoes locked. Steady our course, helm. I can't maintain targeting lock. (Booms are ongoing. Another console explodes and the crewman next to Ferris hits the floor. She's distracted.) Understood. Just a little closer. Steady as she goes. Torpedoes away! (Multiple explosions.) No, sir. It was a direct hit. It just, it didn't work. Evasive manoeuvres! Bring us about to course one two seven mark three two zero.
