Not wasting time listening to these strangers and their lies. Then how come we've never learned about this before.
Thank you. (The male alien comes up behind and hypo's him. They drag him away.) [Sisko's quarters]
Welcome home. To be continued... <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Welcome home. And now the conclusion. [Planet surface] Yes. This is your home. It's understandable that you cannot. You were still newly formed when you left us. An infant, yes. Of course. You already have. We are all part of the Great Link. And you have many questions. The Link is the very foundation of our society. It provides a meaning to our existence. It is the merging of thought and form, the sharing of idea and sensation. Is something wrong? That's unfortunate but necessary, as you'll learn in time. But now, that part of your life is over. You're home. (She holds out her hand to Odo.) Take it. He's been gone too long. He needs to remember, if only for a moment. Don't be afraid. (Odo takes her hand and their limbs blend for a short while before reforming again. Odo appears overwhelmed.) I allowed him to experience the Link. How perceptive, Major. If our history has taught us anything, it's to avoid contact with Solids whenever possible. Our name for mono-forms like yourself, who'll never know the joys of the Great Link. I'm sorry. I cannot allow you to send any communications from the planet's surface. They could be traced back here. We value our isolation. Tell me, Odo, have you made good use of the arboretum? By assuming the various shapes surrounding you. To become a thing is to know a thing. To assume its form is to begin to understand its existence. Living among the Solids has damaged you far worse than I realised. It has left you ignorant of the gifts you possess. I'll do what I can. But in the end, this is another journey you'll have to make on your own. (She hands him a rock.) And when it is over you'll be ready to take your place in the Great Link. (She leaves.) Like Major Kira? Then you've been more fortunate than most Changelings. You recognize the term. It's a name given to us by the Solids. They meant it as an insult, but in defiance we took it and made it our own. The Great Link tells us that many years ago our people roamed the stars, searching out other races so we could add to our knowledge of the galaxy. We went in peace, but too often we were met with suspicion, hatred and violence. The Solids feared our metamorphic abilities, so we were beaten, hunted and killed. Finally we arrived here. And here, safe in our isolation, we made our home. Because even in our solitude we desired to learn more about the galaxy. You were one of a hundred infants we sent off to gain that knowledge for us. You had no choice. The urge to return home was implanted in your genetic makeup. And now, thanks to the passageway, you're the first to return to us. We weren't expecting you so soon. Not for another three hundred years. A long time. But now all that matters now is that you're here. Whatever you imagined, I promise it will be better. (They embrace and melt together completely.) (Later, Kira enters the garden and tries talking to various objects there.) But I do. Yes. Belong to it? Major, the Changelings are the Dominion. Ironic, isn't it? The hunted now control the destinies of hundreds of other races. Because what you control can't hurt you. So, many years ago we set ourselves the task of imposing order on a chaotic universe. What you call it is no concern of ours. The Solids have always been a threat to us. That's the only the justification we need. The Solids are nothing like us. It's not justice you desire, Odo, but order. The same as we do. And we can help you satisfy that desire in ways the Solids never could. This will all become clear to you once you've taken your place in the Great Link. It's taken you many years to find your way back home. Are you really willing to leave it again so soon? No Changeling has ever harmed another. They're free to go. The next time, I promise you, we will not be so generous. I hope that one day you'll return to us, Odo, and take your rightful place within the Dominion. Your link to the Solids won't last. You will always be an outsider. Then perhaps one day I'll come visit you. The Alpha Quadrant seems wracked with chaos. It could use some order. We are willing to wait until the time is right. We will miss you, Odo, but you will miss us even more. (She returns to the sea of changeling goo)
BOOOOW-cha-daaay Me-YO-ca-BEEN-evaaa-kaa-MOOOOR Oh-ma-do-VEE-kos ZOOOOOOO!
