Beautiful, aren't they? I don't think I've seen the stars shine so brightly. Does that matter? Sometimes it just feels good to run. I'm Fenna. I'm sorry. You must be very busy. I didn't mean to bother you. Good. (They walk) Commander of the station. That must be very exciting. All those ships coming and going. Every day must bring something new. And you can feel a kind of anticipation in the air like something wonderful's going to happen but you don't know what it is. I guess that sounds kind of silly, doesn't it? I like it here. I wish I could stay longer. I'm not really sure. I guess I'll just keep going, like the Runners. Benjamin, I was hoping I'd see you again. Were you really? I've been thinking about you, too. I had to go. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to rush away like that. Does your invitation still stand? To show me around the station? Everything. I don't mind, if you don't. [Upper Pylon airlock] (A bird's eye view of the station) It's wonderful. You must come here all the time. We should have brought a picnic basket. What better place? Is that an invitation? Then I accept. Then you can show me the rest after our picnic tomorrow. Do what? No one's ever told me that before. There's not much to tell. I can't. I can't tell you. I'm sorry, Benjamin, but I have to go. Benjamin! (Fenna comes in from the previously empty corridor and hugs him) I missed you. Is there something wrong? Like me? How strange? Of course not. I'm Fenna, you know that. Not that I know of. Does that matter? You do know me, Benjamin. When I came here, I thought I was looking for a place, somewhere I belonged, but I was wrong. I wasn't looking for a place, I was looking for a person. I was looking for you. (They kiss) Benjamin. (Fenna vanishes in front of him.) [Airlock corridor] Benjamin, I'm so glad to see you. Benjamin, what's wrong? I'm with you now and I'm never going to leave you again. You have to, Benjamin. (Dax enters) What is she doing? Benjamin, what is she talking about? I don't know what you're talking about. She looks like me. That's not true! Benjamin, you know that he's lying. Benjamin, I want to stay with you Benjamin, I've never seen Seyetik or that woman before. I don't know why he's saying those things about me but they're lies. I'm as real as you are. Benjamin, I'm so frightened. What happens to me if she dies? I don't know how. But even if she lives, then I die, and everything you and I have dies with me. And she won't remember any of it, will she? I love you, Benjamin, and I always will. (Their passionate embrace is interrupted)
