Well done, Odo. You really are quite a skilful investigator. You still have much to learn. Close by. That's correct. Now, Odo, you really can't expect me to give you all the answers. I needed to understand why you chose to live with the Solids rather than your own people. I suspected it had something to do with Major Kira. Now I'm certain of it. Then you would return to us. I wouldn't be so sure. And if I don't, then what? You'll shoot me? No changeling has ever harmed another. Major Kira is down that tunnel, two hundred metres south of here. Save her, if it suits you, but it won't make any difference. She is never going to love you. How could she? You are a changeling. (The founder beams out) [Side chamber] (Kira is in a stasis box or similar)
Why are you protecting these solids? You don't belong with them. You belong with us. Let go. Don't you see? You've lost. It's too late for you to help them but it's not too late to help yourself. Link with me, Odo. We can escape together. Odo.
That's enough. Let him go. Please, everyone, lower your weapons. There's no need for violence. I've come for Odo. Only the Great Link can help him. Leave him with me and you may return home unharmed. I'll let you know when I need you. I understand your concern for Odo. I feel it too. Your loyalty to Odo is commendable. I will not stop you from accompanying him on the rest of his journey. However, I'm sure you understand my reluctance to reveal the location of our new home. Commander, I must ask you to surrender the helm. Amat'igan will guide your ship for the remainder of the voyage. My terms are not open to negotiation. There, that's better. Now, Captain, if it's not too much trouble, I would like to pay Odo a visit. [Medical bay] May I come in? Poor Odo. Look what's become of you. Pretty? I wasn't aware you applied such value to your outward appearance. Such concerns are more fitting for solids. Odo, give me your hand. Don't be afraid. (They Link. Odo goes completely liquid, then resolidifies looking rather better.) Feeling better? Leave now. I wish to speak to Odo in private. What we have to say is not for your ears. Wait for me outside. (The Jem'Hadar guard leaves, then the Starfleet one.) I wish this meeting were under better circumstances. I'd hoped you'd return to us on your own. After all, that Bajoran woman you were so fond of seems to have taken an interest in someone else. Despite your rejection of us, we still take an active interest in your well-being. There's very little that escapes our attention. What do you think? As I said, I wish the circumstances of this meeting were different. You killed a changeling, Odo. Of course you had a choice, and you chose to side with the solids. To protect them, you were willing to violate the most sacred law of our people. Until you. That's why we forced you to return home to enter into the Great Link and be judged. You will join us in the Great Link, open your thoughts, allow us to understand you. Only then will we be able to decide if your actions were justified. You will be punished. You have to understand that nothing like this has ever happened in the entire history of our people. We have never had to sit in judgement over one of our own. That's why we took so long to bring you home. There was disagreement in the Link over what to do with you. Perhaps we are to blame. We sent you away. That remains to be seen. I stabilised your condition temporarily. Only the Link can heal you. If you refuse to join with us, you will die. (The Founder steps into the corridor.) You may go in now, Doctor. Try not to disturb him. He needs his rest. You are Cardassian. Cardassian survivors? There were no Cardassian survivors. They're dead. You're dead, Cardassia is dead. Your people were doomed the moment they attacked us. I believe that answers your question. We will be within transporter range of my world in less than one hour. After we have achieved orbit, Odo and I will transport to the surface. If you wish. But Odo may be in the Link for days. Come, Odo. It's time. (She walks into the sea and merges with the others. Sisko nods to Odo, who smiles and follows.) (And they wait.) He has been judged. We gave him what he wanted. We made him a solid. He's one of you now. Oh, poor Odo. Perhaps we should have killed you. It would have been far less cruel. He's yours. Take him and go.
You killed a changeling, Odo. That's why we forced you to return home to enter into the Great Link and be judged. (Odo is tossed naked from the Link onto the atoll.) We made him a solid. He's one of you now.
Hello, Odo. It's good to see you again. Leave us. I need to speak with Odo. You called her Nerys. Well, you used to call her Major. Using the name of a solid denotes intimacy. I'm content to leave the details of the war to the Vorta. You. I was trapped in the Alpha Quadrant when Captain Sisko mined the entrance to the wormhole. I have spent too much time with solids. I came because I felt the need to be with one of my own. You caused the death of a fellow changeling, Odo. Turning you into a solid was the only punishment severe enough for your crime. We have forgiven you. It is time to put the past behind us, Odo. This is not your home. You belong with your own kind, as part of the Great Link. You say that because you don't know what you're capable of becoming. Perhaps if we spend some time together, you might begin to understand. [Admiral Ross' office] I understand the war is going well. What about the minefield? Why hasn't it been deactivated? See to it the minefield is brought down. Do they always compete with each other like that? You have to interact with them often. It must be trying for you. May I walk with you? [Odo's quarters] (The founder is checking out the driftwood in the room.) To assume its form is to begin to understand its existence. I remember. I'm glad you learned something from your visit. Your arrival was a time of great joy for the Link, and your departure a time of great sadness. If only you'd stayed with us, Odo. You chose the solids. Not even a little? It's there for you. Why? Because of Kira? You still have feelings for her, don't you? But she doesn't share them. I'm sorry. You love her. Poor Odo. I'm not offering pity. What you need is clarity. I can give you that. (And they start to Link.) Do you want me to stop? [Security office] Eons ago we were like them, limited to one form, but then we evolved. We prefer the Link, but on occasion it is interesting to exist as something else. A tree perhaps, or a cloud in the sky. Oh. So many questions, Odo. If you Link with me again, everything will be made clear to you. But words are so clumsy, so imprecise. As you wish. What use would I have for a name? I don't. In a sense. The drop becomes the ocean. The ocean becomes a drop. Then you can answer your own question. How many of us are there? Very good. You are beginning to understand. But there's so much you don't know. Words would be insufficient. Link with me again. It is the only way I can give you the understanding that you seek. Why not? She is a solid. This has nothing to do with her. This is about you, about what you want. [Corridor] (Rom is bringing a fruit basket. Kira's door opens.) You look troubled, Odo. Did she upset you? Ah. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
So, that is how solids experience intimacy. I really must thank you, Odo. For giving me new insight into the solids. That what they consider intimacy is only a shadow of what we experience in the Great Link. You don't agree? You've done this before? But when you have, you enjoyed it? And you regret not having experienced it with Major Kira. I don't see why not. When we link, your feelings for her are made very clear. Because talking is still very important to you. But one day it won't be. One day, the Link will be all you need. And that day is coming soon. It's amazing that you have survived this long without it. It's only now, after I've been away from the Great Link myself, that I understand how painful it must have been for you. Odo, you never have to be alone again. That meeting was held three days ago. Does that bother you? Well, don't let it. You've been living with the solids' concept of time for too long. Let them worry about their meetings, their schedules, their obligations. None of that has anything to do with you. You are a changeling. You're timeless. As am I. (And they start to Link. Again.) [Wardroom] (Weyoun is peering very closely at one of Ziyal's paintings when Kira enters.) It's the solids. They look small, don't they? Insignificant. I'm not placing blame. Confined to a single shape. It's so limiting. They need our guidance, Odo, not our pity. We'll have to break them of that. In a manner of speaking. Oh, this language of the solids. It's so imprecise. The solids are no longer your concern, Odo. What must be done, will be done. It's as simple as that. Why don't you return to your quarters, Odo. I'll join you there shortly. Don't worry. Everything will be fine. I promise. (Odo leaves.) Meaning what? Neutralise Odo? Is that why you think I'm here? Odo is a changeling. Bringing him home, returning him to the Great Link, means more to us than the Alpha Quadrant itself. Is that clear? Well of course you didn't. You are what you are, a loyal subject of the Dominion. Come, walk with me. You said you had important news. [Promenade] (Downstairs, Odo spots Kira and runs after her. She steps into a turbolift.)
Good. I have news, Odo. Our battle with the Federation fleet is going well. They're solids, Odo. You must remember that. The Link means more. You asked me for clarity, Odo. I gave it to you. Now you must accept it. It's Major Kira, isn't it? You still have strong feelings for her. She doesn't deserve your loyalty, Odo. You cannot allow a solid to deny you your rightful place in the Great Link. I couldn't permit it. The Major has been arrested. That hardly matters. What matters is she will be found guilty and sentenced to death. Her death is be your salvation. Link with me. Embrace the clarity. It is the only thing that will give you peace. You cannot help her, Odo. You cannot help any of the solids, no matter how much you may want to. It's too late for them. [Bridge] (Starfleet ships are being ripped apart. Defiant is under constant bombardment.) I know you're confused, Odo, but you don't have to be. All the answers you seek are in the Link. (Doorbell.) I want them caught. Very well. Odo? You're sure? Send a message to our listening posts in the Gamma Quadrant. Tell the reinforcements that the Alpha Quadrant awaits them. Contact our forces in the Alpha Quadrant. Tell them to fall back to Cardassian territory. It appears this war is going to take longer than expected. No. But he will join us one day. It's only a matter of time. [Corridor]
Fire at whom? By answering my question. Surely one ship shouldn't be much of a threat. Why do you ask? I'm fine. But from now on, I want the temperature in these rooms lowered by fifteen degrees. I do not share the Cardassians' love of heat. Have you located Weyoun Six? So you keep saying.
It's adequate. When the time comes. The vaccine. How is it progressing? I see. Have them document their efforts and then eliminate them. Activate their clones and order them to continue their predecessors' work. Perhaps a fresh perspective will speed matters along. The Cardassians. What have you told them? Good. The sickness that has infected the Great Link is none of their concern. They may be our allies, but they are not to be trusted. We must not show weakness. See that you don't. Very well. (She peels a piece of skin from her face. It turns to blue gunk in the vial.) You may go now. [Promenade]
The vaccine. How is it progressing? When do we reach the rendezvous coordinates? Let's hope that you're right. (She leans against a console, exhausted.) About Damar. I trust he won't be a problem? See that you do. I find him most trying.
It is a distinct pleasure to finally meet you. Thank you. If our face to face talks are as productive as our subspace communications have been, I'm sure we'll sign the treaty documents within a few days. The alliance between the Breen Confederacy and the Dominion will end the destructive war that has torn this quadrant apart. With the Breen at our side, the Federation will not be able to stand against us. They'll be erased from the face of the galaxy. (After the opening titles, Damar is reading a PADD.)
The more of them, the better. Your concern is noted. But this is one battle I intend to see first hand. A step in the right direction. Send my compliments to the Breen. Really? I have no idea what would please the Breen nor do I care, as long as they fight and win. I will not tolerate defeat any longer. No. Let them return to the Federation. Those pods are filled with frightened, demoralised troops. I want Damar and the rest of these traitors found and eliminated.
I am less concerned about this Klingon attack than I am the Cardassian rebellion. We cannot fight the combined military forces of the Federation, the Klingons and the Romulans, and face a full-scale uprising behind the lines. You are correct. And you also assured us that Damar would never turn against the Dominion. Exactly. If our cloning facilities were operational, I would eliminate this Weyoun immediately. Damar must pay the price for his treason. Redouble your efforts to find his wife and children. Then I want you to begin interrogating Cardassian teachers, scientists, local officials. The population must understand in no uncertain terms that dissent will not be tolerated. Then I want you to begin putting Cardassian civilians in and around Dominion military installations. If Damar destroys another shipyard, he will have to kill a great many of his countrymen as well. This will help turn the people against him. Your opinion was not solicited. Thot Pran, the sooner we can regain the offensive on the front lines, the better. The installation of the Breen weapons aboard Dominion ships must be accelerated. Please issue the appropriate orders to your engineers. How long before our cloning facilities are operational again? Ah. Well, keep me informed. [Damar's base] My movements are none of your concern. Have you begun the interrogation of this prisoner? Good. I will conduct the questioning myself. Ah. I see the upgraded plasma rifles have been distributed. May I inspect it? (A Jem'Hadar hands his over.) A-ha. An excellent weapon. What do you think? (She gives it to Garak, who shoots the Jem'Hadar and the Vorta.)
Come in. (Two Breen then Weyoun enter.) Your service is noted. That can wait. Now that the rebellion has been crushed, it is time to turn our attention to strategic matters. The enemy has devised a countermeasure to our energy-dampening weapons. Therefore we must alter our tactics. We're falling back. No, I don't mean surrender. I am ordering our troops to retreat to Cardassian space. We will establish a new line of defence along this perimeter. With less territory to defend, we can concentrate our troops and hold off any attack if the enemy attacks at all. Once the new perimeter is established, we will redouble our shipbuilding efforts and increase production of Jem'Hadar troops. Retreat may prolong the war, but in the end, we will emerge stronger, and in a far better position to take the Alpha Quadrant once and for all. [Quark's cafe] (Coming up the stairs.)
Our brave Jem'Hadar soldiers have a motto. Victory is Life. I'm glad you're familiar with it. Because today, those words have meaning for us all. The outcome of this battle will determine the outcome of the war. Either we destroy their invasion forces or they destroy us. There is no other option. Fight well today, and Romulus will be yours to do with as you wish. Yes, yes and Earth too. I assure you, the pleasure is all mine. Is something bothering you? And so they shall. I would promise the Breen the entire Alpha Quadrant if I thought it would help win this war. Is this possible? But his body was never found. Look into this matter. I see your point. But for two millennia the Jem'Hadar have been the Dominion's first line of defence. It would damage their morale to have to take a back seat to the Breen. Very well. In the spirit of our new alliance, I will inform the Jem'Hadar that the Breen forces will stand alongside them. I'm glad that pleases you. Do you agree? Notify the Jem'Hadar. Order them to reinforce the centre of their lines. (And the power goes out.) Now what? What caused the power failure? Damar. Are you telling me the Cardassian people are rising up against us? But we have no way of knowing that, do we? Yes, I am sure that Broca would be very happy to hear what you have to say. Now what do you say to that? Well I'm glad we all agree. See to it. [Cardassian cellar] (Garak is working on something.) What's taking so long? But you have been saying that for hours. And meantime, there's no way of contacting our ships. No way of knowing how the battle is progressing. Finally, some good news. What for? Have them executed immediately. It's about time. What now? Have our forces pull back and regroup at Cardassia Prime. There will be no more running. We should have rid ourself of the Cardassians at the first sign of rebellion. That's right. We are not going to give you that opportunity. (Jem'Hadar seize Broca.) I don't think so. I want the Cardassians exterminated. All of them. The entire population. Then I suggest that you begin at once. [Bridge] But I've come to depend on having you here at my side. Your advice to the Dominion has proven invaluable Very well. If you feel the situation on the front lines demands your presence, I will not stand in your way. Knowing that you'll be leading our troops into battle is very reassuring. Wonder what? A braver man than you. Though I do find the shrillness of his voice very tiresome. (She stumbles against a console.) I'm dying, that's what's wrong. I haven't been able to change form in weeks. It's ironic, isn't it, that I should die as a Solid. My loyal Weyoun. The only solid I have ever trusted. And you have served me well. I don't mind dying. It's knowing that my entire race is dying of the same illness and there is nothing I can do about it. If only it were that simple. [Cardassian alleyway] The guards will deal with it. Is there a problem? And just where would that be? (The door is blown open. One Jem'Hadar is killed by a Cardassian before the other him. Kira shoots the last Jem'Hadar in the room.) I will do no such thing. I wish you hadn't done that. That was Weyoun's last clone. Have I? I think you'll find that neither the Jem'Hadar or the Breen will agree with that assessment. They will fight to the last man. Isn't it obvious? You may win this war, Commander, but I promise you, when it is over, you will have lost so many ships, so many lives, that your victory will taste as bitter as defeat. [Bridge] You're looking well, Odo. It's always good to see you. But I have no intention of surrendering my forces. It would be a sign of weakness on my part. An invitation to the solids to cross into the Gamma Quadrant and destroy the Great Link. And what of the Klingons and the Romulans? Can you make that claim for them too? The Dominion has spent the last two years trying to destroy the Federation, and now you're asking me to put our fate in their hands? I can't do that, Odo. I don't have your faith in the solids. I'm afraid I can't Link with you, Odo. My disease prevents me from changing form. And if you cure me, what will you ask in return? If you will stand aside, I'll order the Jem'Hadar to cease fire. The war between the Dominion and the Federation Alliance is now over. It's up to you now, Odo. [Promenade]
