I hope I'm not disturbing you, Lieutenant Commander. My name is Pascal Fullerton. I'm the Chairman of the New Essentialists Movement. We're dedicated to restoring the moral and cultural traditions of the Federation. This is a statement of our principles. But if you'd like to hear more, we're holding a rally later this afternoon. What better place? This world revels in the kind of self-indulgence that's eroding the foundations of Federation society. We intend to shut it down. [Solarium] (Worf is still in uniform, and reading the tract) That's right. Take a good look. I can only imagine what you must think of me. A middle-aged ponderous academic, sweating under the hot Risian suns, wasting his time telling you things you don't want to hear. But you know what I see when I look at you? Children. Pampered, spoiled children. For some reason the citizens of the Federation have come to believe that they are entitled to lives of ease and privilege. If you want something to eat, you get it from a replicator. If you want amusement, you go to a holosuite. And if you need protection, you call for Starfleet. But someday, someday soon, you're going to have to learn to take care of yourselves. Because if I see you as helpless children, then how do you think the Borg see you? Or the Romulans, or the Klingons or the Dominion? These empires look at the Federation and they see a prize, a prize that we have forgotten how to protect. And if we don't change our ways, they're going to take it from us. The way I see it, we've got two options. We can either turn our backs on childish things and re-embrace the hard work that built the Federation in the first place, or we can lie here napping in the sun, until we wake up with Jem'Hadar guns to our heads. The choice is ours. Heaven help us if we make the wrong one. [Solarium] (Worf, Dax and Bashir are sitting at a low table) That's enough. Well, I hope we've proved our point. (Dax snatches the Bolian's weapon.) We have no intention of harming anyone. You think you're safe here in this paradise of yours, but you're not. What if we had been Jem'Hadar or Klingons or Romulans. You'd be dead now. Even you Starfleet officers were lulled into a false sense of security. If you could be taken unaware, what chance do the rest of us have? The sad truth is the galaxy is a hostile place. Forget that, even for a moment, and you risk losing everything. Just something for you to think about while you wait for your desserts. But that would be a waste of time. We both know the Risians won't prosecute. They don't have the courage for it. Believe me, I wish they did. Commander Worf, what did you think of our little demonstration? Maybe not, but I do think you understand it. [Dax and Worf's room] I'm tired of giving speeches. It's time we took action. It'll be forgotten by tomorrow. (Worf enters) Mister Worf? No, you won't. I authorised it, but it was not my idea. Because Risa is an illusion created by weather control systems, industrial replicators, seismic regulators. If the Federation is going to survive, we're going to have to stop wasting our time with toys and get back to the essentials. (Fullerton and his group leave.) It's a start. You're leaving? Mister Worf, you've been an inspiration to us all. Thank you. (Worf leaves.) You still have the uplink to the weather control grid? By tomorrow, the weather grid will be restored to normal and no one here will remember this ever happened. But I intend to send a message they won't forget. [Dax and Worf's room] You should see them all run. I think they've finally realised that the party's over. Increase the feedback in the tectonic stress regulators. Very well. I think our work is done here. (Worf and Dax enter) Mister Worf, I suggest you all get off this planet as soon as possible. I have no wish to see you or your friends harmed. I thought you were one of us. Mister Worf, if you walk out of here now, you'll be turning your back on the Federation. Don't you see? Over-indulgence, lack of self-control, they'll destroy everything we hold dear, and you will be responsible. Don't you walk away from me. (Fullerton slaps Worf across the face. Worf picks Fullerton up by the lapels.) Yes, yes.
