(a stout one-armed man) I have a fine sense of direction. I knew exactly where I was that night. Exactly. I was throwing the Cardassians off my trail. Again, please. (Kira fills his clay mug.) Had my arm replaced? Well, I thought about it. I even saw a Federation doctor about it. She said, no problem, Furel. You can have a new arm in less than a week. It'll have full range of motion and feel just like your own. Before I went into that interrogation centre, I asked the Prophets to give me the strength to get the rest of you out of there. And in exchange, I said I'd give up my life. As it turned out, I was able to rescue you, Shakaar and Lupaza. It only cost me an arm. I felt the Prophets were generous. Somehow replacing the arm seems ungrateful. I've done more work in three months on my farm than you've done in three years. I have seen better weeds than the crops you grow. Ha! And you said no. The civil police have issued a province-wide alert for you and Kira. They've also requested that the surrounding towns send more troops and equipment to help in the search for the fugitives. Well, what is our plan? Just like old times. They're closing. Seventy five metres. Either I'm getting older or these mountains are getting higher. If you insist. (The troop disappear over the ridge again.) Yes, we do. We can turn and fight. We were willing to take the chance. I'll follow whatever orders you give, but I am tired of running. There is no way out of Tanis Canyon
Hold it! Nerys? (Lights up.) I could say the same about you. What are you doing creeping around in a dark room with a phaser. Brilgar, worry about the (He must have hit Brilgar on the back of the head.) And a pretty good one it is, too, but they have not yet invented the security system that Lupaza cannot beat. We beamed into the bedroom about five minutes ago. We heard somebody moving around in here. I thought it was you And I tried to tell her that we should contact you before we came. It's good to see you. Dead? When you do, you let us know. You just give us the name. We'll take care of the rest. Authorities. A gift. (Kira opens the box.) You're supposed to take them during your pregnancy. We'll sleep out here. The couch is a little short, but it's probably as comfortable as our bed. Hold it!
Nerys! (A badly hurt man is on the stretcher.) Nerys. We found them. It's a Cardassian heavy weapons unit. Third assault group, ninth order. Just outside of Tempasa. Are you sure? So does Gantt. All right. Go. All four mortar rounds right in the central compound. And the way they ran, it was like kicking over a mound of barrowbugs. Five skimmers, and at least, at least fifteen Cardassian dead. Now that's not a bad day's work. We should celebrate. Would you like me to call everyone together? Have Prylar Quen say a few words?
