If that's the best lie you can come up with, no wonder you're broke. I doubt it. A clothed female. How titillating. I see you've heard of me. Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to talk to my dear cousin. Alone. (Dax leaves.) Spare me the sad story. I'm well aware of your financial situation and I'm here to help. I can understand your scepticism, but I know a way that can help the both of us. I'm offering you a job. What's family for? Besides, I won't tell if you don't. That's what I do. Now I know you've had reservations about entering this lucrative field. It's dangerous, it's too technical, it's not a people business. But let me tell you something, cousin. Nothing could be further from the truth. Who said anything about bringing weapons here? I need you, Quark, to do the things you do best. Public relations, showing our clients a good time, providing an atmosphere conducive to closing deals. Of course you can. And you'll earn five percent off every sale. You'll take five. (Shows him a PADD.) Weapons is a growth industry. In a month, all your debts will be paid. In six months, the Ferengi Commerce Authority will be begging to reinstate you. In a year, you'll have your own moon. Success or failure? What's it going to be, cousin? Would you stop doing that! Quark, we saw him walk down the Promenade five minutes ago. There he is. How good to see you again. Quark, this is my associate, Hagath. An accurate description. And we sold another hundred thousand to the other side. Now there was a beautiful little war. Well, all good things must come to an end. But as they say, the riskier the road, the greater the profit. It certainly does. No actual weapons coming in or out, so we don't break any local laws. All shipping happens outside Federation space, so Starfleet can't touch us. And since all we're demonstrating are holograms, we can even show off the specialty items. It was all Quark's idea. If he were a bit shorter and his teeth were a little sharper, he'd make a perfect Ferengi. I want him to like you. [Holosuite Weapons range] (Quark is showing a customer a bazooka.) What did I tell you? Quark. I'll never forget how many people told us we were making a mistake. Sell weapons to the Bajorans? I admit it's not the Ferengi way, but it's good business nonetheless. You want me to handle this? Evening, cousin. Business always this good? Quark, as long as we keep the holosuite busy, you've got nothing to worry about. Which reminds me, we have a very special client arriving next week. The Regent of Palamar. He's very, very wealthy. He's also very particular about how he's treated. I have to say, cousin, you've done well. And it couldn't have come at a better time for both of us. I'm thinking about stepping back, taking it easy for a change. You could take my place, run things with Hagath. You'd be earning a bigger share of the profit. He likes you, Quark. Then everyone's happy. Except for Farrakk. Didn't you hear? His ship blew up shortly after he left the station. Warp core breach. That Hagath, what a temper. You heard what he said, cousin. He doesn't like to be crossed. Just make sure you don't forget that. [Replimat] Oh, you had him, you definitely had him. How very perceptive of you, Regent. What kind of casualties are you looking for? Can you give us a figure? Either that or a mutagenic retrovirus. What do you think, Quark? Quark, maybe I didn't make myself clear. I've been in the weapons business forty years. I want to retire. But I'm not going to be able to retire if my hand-picked successor can't control his conscience. Stop being so judgmental. It's his bank account, not his mental health you should be concerned with. If Hagath heard you talk that way he would toss you out the nearest airlock. Look out there. Millions and millions of stars, millions upon millions of worlds. And right now, half of them are fanatically dedicated to destroying the other half. Now, do you think if one of those twinkling little lights suddenly went out, anybody would notice? Suppose I offered you ten million bars of gold pressed latinum to help turn out one of those lights, would you really tell me to keep my money? [Quark's] (Quark comes in from the Promenade to see Sisko with a big wound in his chest.) But I was winning. What could be more important than that? Pleased to meet you. We need to talk. What is that female doing on the station? Are you crazy? She's the Regent's mortal enemy. Does he know she's here? Does Hagath? You are scaring me, cousin. Don't quote The Rules of Acquisition to me. If Hagath finds out we're doing this behind his back, we'll wind up as dead as Farrakk. Is she interested? But what if they see one another, realise what we're doing? What do you want me to do? Quark, where are you going? After you. (Gaila and the General enter the cargo bay.)
Cousin Quark. And it's all your fault. I was a thriving weapons merchant  until I went into business with you. You ruined me. If I ever get out of here, cousin, I'll make you pay for what you did to me. I don't understand. What do I have to do in return? Tell me more. (That's five.) [Quark's] How are we supposed to get to this internment centre anyway? Do we have a ship? Besides, there's a twenty bar reward to consider. Who invited him along? Excuse me. I'll go. That way there'll be more room for the rest of you. Besides, this isn't a rescue mission anymore, it's a simple prisoner exchange. I don't know why Quark needs any of us. Base camp? Anything for an upset stomach? Hey, I'm a weapons dealer, not a soldier. I don't know. He must've slipped away while I was sleeping. I couldn't help it. I was tired. I couldn't get any rest on the ship. What's that? Maybe it went off by itself. Someone's out there. I don't hear anything. There are Jem'Hadar out there. But don't get them angry. Home to the torrential rains of Ferenginar. Calm down? When my dear cousin is trying to cheat me? I come here, risk my life and for what? You've had this coming for a long time, cousin. Maybe if we surrender, they won't hurt us. As I recall, all ten Ferengi were slaughtered. We're Ferengi. He's alive! All right you, get moving.
