Don't let them hurt him. He's just scared. Maybe it's some kind of greeting. (She imitates them) (something) (distorted) Two fifty over one sixty seven. If you were human, I'd say you were due for a heart attack. I've given them every medical test I can think of, but the only thing I can tell you for sure is they're not human. It's sweet. Maybe they're father and son? Wouldn't that be something? They've come from so far away, but they still have the same basic family structure that we do. For all we know, it could be the mother. You'd better tell him I'm your girl. If you say so, Professor. Here you go. Ouch. That looks like it hurts. Let's face it, Jeff, when it comes to beings from another planet, we don't have any experts. You'll find a way to communicate with them, darling. I know you will. (Carlson lights two cigarettes and gives one to Garland.) Imagine the possibilities. Who knows what they could teach us. A few years from now, mankind could have rocket ships of our own. We could travel the galaxy, exploring new worlds and new civilisations. (Groan or cheer, your choice.) That's why you love me. My mother keeps asking where we're going on our honeymoon. She thinks we should go to Niagara Falls. Jeff, General Denning. I think you'd better come inside right away. [Examination room] Well I guess I'm never going to visit your world. And neither are you. Are you sure you don't want a doctor to look at that? We'll visit some more tomorrow. (Garland and Carlson leave with the MPs, but the dog stays.) That's the fifth injection of sodium pentathol I've given him. It's not working. Captain, this is wrong. These people are our guests. Don't hurt him. Your insidious mind control powers. Come on. [Outside the building] (to MPs) Captain Wainwright needs to see you in examination room three. (The MPs go inside, and Carlson and the Ferengis run for it.) That's what it said in the paper. Five a.m. at the proving grounds in Nevada. But I don't see how an atomic bomb is going to help you get home. You don't have to thank us. I only hope that one day mankind will travel to the stars, and take its place in a vast alliance of planets. Excuse me?
