Two bars. Three bars. Ten bars. Who sent you? Not interested. Listen to me. I haven't done anything wrong and I won't be hounded by you and your soulless minions of orthodoxy. I haven't broken any laws, except perhaps the laws of nature. So stay away from me. (to turbolift) Habitat ring. [Airlock] Step out of the doorway, please. And don't touch anything. This is very sensitive equipment. I did some checking on you two. It turns out that you are the station commander's son and you are the nephew of the man who owns the bar. Since you are not, in fact, working for the soulless minions of orthodoxy that have hounded my work and plagued my existence, I have decided to open negotiations regarding the sale of a mint condition nineteen fifty one Willie Mays rookie card, without the original packaging or chewing gum. The card is not for sale. I am willing to trade the card in exchange for the following items. (Nog takes the PADD.) Surely the station commander's son and a promising young cadet have access to a wide variety of equipment and supplies that would not be available to someone like myself. Very well, young man. Let me ask you both a simple question. Do you want to die? Of course you don't, so why should you? Why should any of us end up as putrefying corpses in wooden boxes stuck in the ground, or vaporised into subatomic particles and vented into the cosmos like a bad case of gas? No reason that I can think of. I have devoted my life to the study of death, and do you know what I found? Death is nothing more than the result of cellular boredom. Think about it. The cells in your body have been doing the same job, the same dull monotonous routine, every day since you were conceived. Metabolise, divide, metabolise, divide. Wouldn't you get bored? Of course you would. So at some point, the cells just say, 'that's it', and you, the unwary victim of cellular ennui, are quite literally bored to death. Doctor Bathkin of Andros Three was the first to come up with the answer to solving the puzzle of death. Keep the cells energised. Keep them in the game by teaching them new mitochondrial tricks. Unfortunately, before he could finish his work, Doctor Bathkin died in a shuttle accident. Or so they say. And while the soulless minions of orthodoxy refuse to follow up on his important research, I could hear the clarion call of destiny ringing in my ears. And now, after fifteen years of tireless effort, after being laughed at and hounded out of the halls of the scientific establishment, after begging and scrounging for materials across half the galaxy, I have nearly completed work on this. The Cellular Regeneration and Entertainment Chamber. I'm glad you asked. It is specially designed to transmit biogenic energy on a chromoelectric wavelength and send uplifting and entertaining messages to the nuclei of every cell in your body. Spend eight hours a day in this machine and your cells will never get bored. You will never grow old, and most important, you will never die. That is the goal of my work, nothing less than immortality itself. Of course. Do you know how many germs are transmitted by a handshake? You want to kill me? Just nod if we have a deal. Him too. [Cargo bay] Refreshed, regenerated, mildly entertained. I still get a little bored after the first five hours. Good. Good. Where's the hydrosaline solution? You know what that is? It's the sound of immortality. [Weyoun's quarters] (Weyoun is listening to the noise from room below as the Jem'Hadar scan it.) You betrayed me. You turned me over to these soulless minions of orthodoxy. Well, they won't discover the secret of my work without a (Another Jem'Hadar takes the chest.) Fight. Well, it may take some time to explain. Let me ask you a simple question. Do you want to die?
