Gilora Rejal. (Yes, that is  Tracy Scoggins under the latex, before Babylon 5.) It is our hope that it will be the first of many such projects between our peoples. We're scientists, not diplomats. A similar transceiver will be put in place here on Terok Nor, on Deep Space Nine. Yes. The Bajoran Government made your data available to us. I believe the problem had to do with a phase variance in your transceiver coils. Which as you saw, was unacceptably high. Our new design has less than half that variance. If you think it's necessary. Thank you, but that won't be necessary. You knew him? May I introduce Jadzia Dax and Miles O'Brien. Our colleague, Dejar. I'm sure you were. (unenthusiastic) Regova eggs. We try to avoid it whenever possible. What happened to these couplings? But these relays don't have nearly as much carrying capacity as before. They won't be able to handle the signal load from the transceiver. Starfleet code requires a second backup? What are the chances that both a primary system and its backup would fail at the same time? Well, what's done is done. I'll try to figure out what we should do next. Please, please. Just give me a moment to think. Ah. In that case, could you get me a cup of red leaf tea? All right, now we just have to shunt the ODN line through the secondary field coils. Why not? Why not? Did you modify them too? Why didn't you tell me you'd replaced the secondary field coils? I don't have time to explain everything. It's been my experience that No, not humans. Males. Men just don't seem to have a head for this sort of thing. That's why women dominate the sciences. The probability of such an occurrence was less than two percent. Well within safety limitations. So we saw no reason to include it in the data we sent you. The same thing would happen if you tried to destroy it with a phaser beam. Won't that overload the relay? I hadn't thought of that. (She moves very close to him.) What are you doing now? You have very steady hands. I assure you I'm quite fertile. (O'Brien bumps his head.) I could provide you with many healthy children, if that's your concern, but quite frankly I think you're getting a little ahead of yourself. You're married? Then why have you been leading me to believe that you wanted me? I took your overt irritability toward me as a signal that you wished to pursue some physical relationship. Oh, my. I'm afraid this is a case of cross-cultural misunderstanding. Please, Mister O'Brien, there's no need to continue. You've made your feelings clear. (Gilora starts to crawl away along the tube.) I'm sure you can complete the job on your own. [Commander's office] This wasn't your fault, Mister O'Brien. And it wasn't an accident. Dejar is a member of the Obsidian Order. She was assigned to our team for security reasons. I believe she sabotaged this coupling. My superiors in the Science Ministry will protect me. Frankly, I think Dejar is in much more trouble than I am. The Order doesn't reward failure. I didn't want you to take the blame for something that wasn't your fault. I know how proud you are of your work. What's your wife's name? A lucky woman. (She gives him a peck on the cheek and goes into the airlock.)
