Do not move. You are prisoners of the Jem'Hadar. (After the opening titles.) Are there other Starfleet ships with you? Tell me. When? You're lying. Why were you in this star system? Return to the ship. Put a damping field on our warp engine. Human. Gold uniform indicates specialty in Security or Engineering. Rank, chief petty officer. You are what Starfleet refers to as a noncom. You must have a great deal of experience. That makes you a priority target. We will kill you first. Human, rank of lieutenant with a specialty in the sciences. No. Bring them both back to camp. Come with me. He stays. [Laboratory] (Outside in the daylight, Bashir is taken to a bamboo and palm leaf canopy over a metal grid floor and some pieces of equipment.) You will work here. There are no patients. You are here to carry out scientific research for us. If you refuse, I will have to kill you. Do you understand? Fortunately for you, weapons research is not what I need. There is a drug that all Jem'Hadar must have in order to live. We call it ketracel-white. You know about it? The Vorta. They are the ones who control the drug. They are the ones we came here to escape. Yes. You disapprove. Surprised because a Jem'Hadar soldier might want something more than the life of a slave? You know nothing about the Jem'Hadar except that you fear us. But you will make our final escape from the Dominion possible. We have only enough white to last another five days. No. We do not want more of the drug. We want to be free of it. To break the addiction. It is possible. I know because I am free of the drug. (Goran'Agar pulls down the roll neck of his uniform to reveal no tube going into his neck.) It was not by choice. Three years ago, I was on a ship that crashed on this world. The rest of the crew died and I was left with only enough white to sustain me for three days. I rationed my supply and managed to stretch out the drug for eight days, and then it was gone, and I was ready to die. But death never came. I lived here for thirty five days without a single drop of White. Being here, on this planet, cured me. We have come to the same place, breathed the same air, eaten the same food. It should have cured them as well. I want you to see this. [Jungle clearing] (The four soldiers are lined up, twitching.) You did not fall. Feel pride in that. As a Federation Doctor, I know you are trained to feel sympathy and compassion for those in pain. These men are suffering now, but it is nothing compared to what will happen if they are not freed from the drug before our supply runs out. Will you try? Second. (Vials are handed out and slotted into the uniforms. White runs up the tubes to their necks. It reminds me of Blakes 7 mutoid soldiers.) I've told them we have enough white to last twenty seven days. That is a lie. There's only enough to last five days. You have that long, Doctor. After that they will die, but not before they kill me for betraying them and you for not saving them. [Wardroom] What have you found? When will you have the cure? (sotto) Three days left, Doctor. Stay where you are. Release him. I said release him. Let him go. You know the penalty for disobedience. (Arak'Taral stops strangling O'Brien.) Return him to the holding cell. (Arak'Taral leads O'Brien away.) Heal his wound. No. Take him back to the ship. We came here to be free of the Vorta. It is time to stop living by their rules. Get back to work. [Quark's cafe] (It is after closing time. Worf breaks into Quark's top floor and watches Quark clearing up. Later, Quark is sitting and stretching and waiting. There is a knock on the main door. Quark lets in Tosh.) You have seen our children? I would have like to have seen a group of humans try to control a Jem'Hadar child. Odo is the Founder on your space station? I have never seen a Founder. To us, they are almost a myth. But everyone in the Dominion, even the Vorta, serve the Founders. I have fought against races that believe in mythical beings who guide their destinies and await them after death. They call them gods. The Founders are like gods to the Jem'Hadar, but our gods never talk to us and they don't wait for us after death. They only want us to fight for them and to die for them. [Caves] (Back inside the forcefield) No. Everything is as it was four years ago. The planet is the same. The conditions are the same. The answer must be here. There is no other explanation for what happened to me. But I took white all my life. How? Do you know where O'Brien is? Deploy the men in a standard There is a cure. I am the proof. Now, deploy the men in a standard search pattern. Find O'Brien and return him to the holding area alive. Are you questioning me? There is nothing we can do for him. My men will no longer obey me. If I go, there will be no one here to guard you. I will do what I can. [Quark's] (Another after hours meeting with Tosh.) You did this? Move. Both of you. No discussion. Move. [Jungle ] There is no more time. The supply of white will run out tomorrow. (They arrive at the runabout. Arak'Taral has been searching it.) I will do the killing. (He shoots Arak'Taral.) Take your ship and go. Unless I kill them first. It would be better for them to die quickly in battle, than slowly as the drug runs out. You are a soldier? Then you explain. (Goran'Agar shimmers away)
