The Council has considered your petition and will grant the transfer once the final rituals have been Mev'yap! D'Ghor, you cannot challenge this man in Council without just cause. We will have to consider this matter carefully before a final decision is reached. Until then, the brek'tal will be respected. The House of Kozak is gone. For the time being it will be known as the House of Querk. The House of Quark. [Grilka's house] Enough! I don't want to hear anything more about finances, mergers, or currency transactions. The charge has been made that you have used money to bring down a great House. What do you say to this, D'Ghor? Grilka, where is the leader of your House? Ready? Ready? DaH! (They stare at each other, then Quark throws his bat'leth away and stands defenceless.) D'Ghor, what are you doing? I didn't want to believe the things he said about you yesterday, but if you can stand here and murder this pathetic little man, then you have no honour, and you have no place in this Hall. (Gowron and the Council turn their backs of D'Ghor in discommodation, and security take him away) A brave Ferengi. Who would have thought it possible? I believe there are enough unusual circumstances here to justify granting you special dispensation. You can lead your House on your own, if that is what you want. Yej rhin! (Gowron and the Council leave.)
Worf. Worf! It is good to see you. I always said that uniform would get you into trouble one day. Yes, yes. I know. you did what you thought was right. And even though you may have made some enemies, I assure you I am not one of them. And yours to me. It has been too long since you last fought at my side. But now the time has come again. We will do great deeds in the coming days. Deeds worthy of song. What better way to redeem yourself in the eyes of your people. Come with me, Worf. Glory awaits you on Cardassia. Worf, why do you stand there like a mute d'blok. I have offered you a chance for glory. All you have to do is take it. Of course you can. It is where you belong. You no longer have a post. You have no place on that station, and no business wearing that uniform. To the Federation. Your word? What good is your word when you give it to people who care nothing for honour, who refuse to lift a finger while Klingon warriors shed blood for their protection. I tell you, they are without honour. You do not owe them anything. And what of your debt to me? Are you saying you owe me nothing? I gave you back your name, restored your house, gave your family a seat on the High Council. And this is how you repay me? Worf, I have always considered you a friend and an ally. And because you are my friend, I am giving you this one last chance to redeem yourself. Come with me. Think about what you are doing. If you turn your back on me now, for as long as I live, you will not be welcome anywhere in the Klingon Empire. Your family will be removed from the High Council, your lands seized, and your House stripped of its titles. You will have nothing. So be it. [Quark's cafe] (As happy gamblers play below, Worf sits alone at a table and stare at nothing.) Zo a klingon Hegh-lah. Yod-wee kaW. Tig mang rup. And ending a battle to save an Empire is no defeat. It is we who shall stand down. Enough. Cease fire. Order our ships in Cardassian territory to halt their advance. I do not intend to hand victory to the Dominion. But let your [Ops]
We find the Federation's demands that we return the captured Cardassian colonies insulting and provocative. Klingon blood was spilled to conquer those worlds. They are now part of the Klingon Empire and we will never give them up. Furthermore, if the Federation still harbours any hope of peaceful coexistence with the Klingon Empire, it must abandon all Starbases and military installations in the Archanis Sector. Our claim to Archanis Four and the surrounding territory is ancient and indisputable. We advise the Federation to leave Archanis, or prepare to face the consequences. Long live the Empire. (end of speech) The Klingon Empire is tired of words, of negotiation, of the endless delaying tactics of the Federation. Therefore, as of today, a Klingon task force has been dispatched to the Archanis Sector. Starfleet has ten days to abandon their bases and withdraw their forces from the Sector. Any Starfleet vessels found in the Sector after that time will be considered the enemy and fired upon. No misinterpretation of my words. Archanis is ours and we will take it back. Resist us in any way, and there will be war! <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Klingon Warriors, I salute you. At least, those of you still on your feet! (The comatose drunks are being dragged from the hall.) This is a great day for the Empire, a day when we honour you who have brought us glory, whose deeds of valour will live on in song and story. And so now, here in this hallowed hall, under the watchful gaze of our greatest heroes, you will receive the highest honour that can be bestowed upon a Klingon. The Order of the Bat'leth! (A young warrior takes a vantage point just where Odo wants to put his emitter.) Glory to you and your house. (Gowron pins the medal on H'Ta.) Glory to you and your house. Glory to you and your house. Glory to you and your house. (Sisko receives the medal and walks away to trigger the emitters, when Martok hits him from behind with a bat'leth.) What? Another toast? Then let us salute Rurik the Damned, conqueror of the Zora Fel, liberator of Vrax. [outside the Hall of Warriors] (Martok stabs the two sentries, and they all get their weapons ready) What is this? No. Lower your weapons. If this traitor wants a fight, I will give him one. You want to kill me, Worf? You're welcome to try. [Corridor] So the Founders mislead Odo into thinking I was a spy, hoping that you'd eliminate me and pave the way for that thing imitating Martok to take over the Empire. Leaving the Alpha Quadrant wide open for a Dominion invasion. But they sorely underestimated Odo here. That may not be possible. True, but if your Klingon blood wasn't so thin you'd know that once battle has begun, there can be no turning back. You want the war to end, then the Federation must allow us to annex Archanis and the other worlds we've seized. Ah, yes. Talk. I will call a meeting of the High Council, advise a temporary cease fire. Perhaps. I'll see to it that you're safely delivered back to that space station of yours. You have done a great service to the Empire. For that I thank you. As for you, (to Worf) you should have killed me when you had the chance. I promise you won't get another. [Infirmary] (Sisko is back to human.)
This is a dark day, not only for the Klingon Empire, but for the Alpha Quadrant itself. I will do what must be done. Fall back. Pull my forces out of Cardassian space, fortify the Klingon Empire and prepare for a fight to the death. The Khitomer Accords? The treaty between the Federation and the Klingon Empire is dead. Then we could stand united against the Dominion. And if we do Think of it. Five years ago no one had ever heard of Bajor or Deep Space Nine, and now all our hopes rest here. Where the tides of fortune take us, no man can know. Then it's settled. In light of the new treaty and the continued Dominion threat to the Alpha Quadrant, there will be a permanent Klingon military presence on this station. Agreed.
It's been too long, Captain. Admiral, of course. Martok The man I came to honour! The son of Mogh. They say you've made him part of your House. Then what is past is past. If Martok considers you his brother, that's all I need to know. Come! I've brought a barrel of the finest bloodwine and it must be drunk tonight! (The Klingons leave.) Today we honour our brother Martok in the manner Kahless taught us. (Gowron gives the dagger to Martok.) Martok! How does it feel to be the most famous warrior in the Empire? And you've served well. But you've borne the burden of this war for a long time. No, my friend. I can't ask you to carry this weight forever. It's time for me to take a more active role in this war. As of today, I'm assuming direct command of our forces. Would I have given you the Star of Kahless if I was not satisfied? You should be happy you're a warrior again. No more meetings, no more reports to file. You'll be out there, savouring the heat of battle. I envy you. I intend to see an end to this war and soon. The Dominion will rue the day they heard my name! [Infirmary] (There's a nervous officer on the monitor.) You see? (Doorbell) Enter. Come in, come in. I've been studying the strategic situation. I want to share my thoughts with you. Come. The Dominion is deploying their fleet in preparation for a final offensive. They're destroying our ships one by one. No. Don't you see? That's exactly what the enemy is expecting. The time to act is now. We're going on the offensive. Starting tomorrow, I'm sending sorties deep into enemy territory to strike at the very heart of the Dominion! What's wrong with you two? Don't you understand? We must seize the day! What of it? The element of surprise will be on our side. Did I ask your opinion? Trust me, my friends. I can see it all so clearly. While our allies sit and do nothing, the Klingon Empire will score the final triumph over the Dominion. We'll be the saviours of the Alpha Quadrant. The glory will be ours and ours alone. [Infirmary]
Martok's attack on Avenal Seven was a disgrace. He had the advantage of surprise. The Dominion wasn't expecting us to take the offensive so soon after the Breen entered the war. Avenal should have been an easy victory for him, but instead he's handed us a shameful defeat. Six to one. A good commander finds ways to beat the odds, not hide behind them. He's expected to survive. That's one of the things I like about you, Captain. Your loyalty to your friends. Of course not. In any case, you needn't worry. Martok's a popular general with the troops and that counts for something. I won't relieve him of command. Yet. [Dominion briefing room] Our next target, Sarpedion Five. Yes. You'll take fifteen Vorcha class battle cruisers in first to soften their defences. Then General Chu'vok If you lack the courage to fight an uphill battle, then perhaps you should retire to your bed. (Martok stands.) Spoken like a true warrior. After Martok has softened their defences. (Worf stands.) I decide what can and cannot be done. I should have known better than to trust you again. If you were a true Klingon, I would kill you where you stand. Fortunately for you, that child's uniform shields you from your rightful fate. (Worf takes off his comm. badge.) There can be only one answer to that. (Gowron throws his cloak on the table, and the pair take bat'leths from the wall displays.) You will not have this day. (Gowron falls back. Worf gets up, holds Gowron's eyelids open and does the death roar. Martok puts the Chancellor's cloak on Worf's shoulders.)
