You remember. I'm honoured. Prune juice? You may not have been the ideal husband but you are an excellent bartender. The recent hostilities between the Federation and the Empire have been very costly to my family. We have suffered great losses in ships, lands, warriors. The financial cost was significant. Very well. If it pleases you, I will allow you access to the records. Tumek. Maparian ale for two. You are an interesting man. Not much of a fighter, of course. Fortunately for you they were only holo-warriors. Yes, it is. And what are your thoughts, Quark? Why play out one of the most romantic scenes in Klingon literature for me? Why learn to speak Klingon and observe our customs? Why do you pursue me? Acquire? Now you sound like a Ferengi again. My Kahless. Mev'Yap Thopok! He has shown respect to our traditions. We will do the same. What do you need to do? About what? Thopok, your honour is satisfied. I return your weapon and discharge you from my House. Do-MACH ah chee ghos eh-PAGH? (Quark/Worf grabs her throat. She starts to throttle him in return.) [Holosuite] (Dax disconnects Worf.) [Holosuite - Hall of Warriors] (Quark falls backwards with Grilka on top of him, looking very aroused.) [Holosuite]
Are you Quark? My name is Grilka. Kozak was my husband. I've been told that you are the one who killed my husband. Was it an honourable death? Actually, there is. Defend yourself! (Grilka pulls a knife, Quark leaps over the bar and grabs a tray for a shield. Grilka smiles.) So this is the man who killed my husband in personal combat. I already told you. I'm Kozak's widow. But first things first, Quark. I want to know how my husband died, and I want the truth. So you lied to the station security officer, to your customers, and to D'Ghor. You must be quite a liar. I think it's time you put that gift to work for me. (She hyposprays Quark unconscious) Cho'echu! (Grilka and Quark beam out) [Grilka's house] (On the Klingon homeworld, on a slightly shabby couch, Quark is hypo'd awake) That hasn't happened yet, Tumek, and there is still time to prevent it from ever happening. (She offers a robe to Quark.) Put this on. Because if you do not, I will kill you. The decision is made. There is no other choice. (Quark struggles into the robe and Grilka takes his hand.) Go'Eveh lu cha wabeh. Mo ka re'Chos. Repeat the words. The petition is out of order! I have performed the brek'tal ritual, Gowron, and I have chosen a new husband to lead my House. Enter, husband. (Quark enters) All I have done is follow the brek'tal ritual. If the leader of a House is slain in honourable combat, the victor may be invited to take his place and his wife. You're the one who made this possible, D'Ghor. You certified before the Council that Kozak died an honourable death at the hands of this man. I am simply exercising my rights as an honoured widow. I told you not to say anything. Just do as I say and there won't be any bloodshed. I'm thinking. I've managed to get us this far. What do you want? Kozak squandered much of our family's wealth, incurred several large gambling debts, made unwise investments. As a result, the House has been weakened severely in power and in influence. Much of the debt is owed to D'Ghor who is now ready to take advantage of our weakness. If he can gain title of our lands and property, his family will become a very powerful influence in the Empire. He may even earn a seat on the Council. That is not how we do things here. We are Klingons. We do not dirty ourselves with filthy ledgers looking for some financial trick You mean D'Ghor has been scheming and plotting like a F? There is no honour in what he has done. If he wanted to challenge my House, he should've made a declaration, met our forces in battle. Can you prove any of this? You can show the Council exactly what D'Ghor has done? Thank you, Quark. You may have saved my family. I really am very grateful for all you've done, Quark. That is why I'm going to let you take your hand off my thigh instead of shattering every bone in your body. I thought you might try to leave. It's a matter of honour, Quark. D'Ghor has accused you of lying. There's no way to answer that charge except through personal combat. Then what they say about the Ferengi is true. You're all lying, thieving, cowards who have no sense of loyalty or honour. I thought you were different. I thought you had something in here. But all you have in there is a piece of latinum, and it's a pretty small piece at that. Let them run. I don't want them in my house. (Grilka and Tumek leave) I do not know. Whatever happens, I am proud of you. You've given me back my House and my family name. How can I repay you? None taken. I can give it to you right now. (She slaps Quark, hard.) N'Gos tlhogh cha! (Then spits on him.) You're a free man. Qapla', Quark son of Keldar.
