All prisoners assemble immediately. I repeat. All prisoners assemble immediately. [Internment centre] Sir. (He's found the key to the panel.) Sir. If you'll allow me? (He's moved Tain's bunk away from the panel.) [Crawlspace] (Garak hears the panel being opened and turns off the light.) [Internment centre] (Worf continues to be pummelled to the ground.) I see nothing. It's dark. (The Breen takes the officer's gun and vapourises him with it. The guard gets up and kills the Breen as he also gets shot. Meanwhile the third Jem'Hadar is struggling with the female Romulan. Bashir stabs him in the neck with the piece of metal.)
You sentenced my wife to death. Show me. (Nog hits the guard with the tray until he's out cold then takes his weapon to shoot the holding cell lock. )
General, I have strict orders from Gowron himself. The prisoners are not to leave this cell.
Chief O'Brien's orders. (Odo rings the doorbell) [Sisko's quarters]
There must be some mistake. I just reported for duty an hour (Sakonna neck-pinches the guard and rings the doorbell)
The armoury's been sabotaged. I've diverted the forward patrols to that area. Go! None of the phasers are functioning We're running diagnostics now. I can't make contact with the power station. Sir, without power, we have no communications.
Whoa, you guys can't come in here. Well you're going to have to look someplace else. Sorry. Not you two guys again. Look, I told you, we don't have any room. It doesn't matter what you want. You can't come in. We've got to protect what's ours around here. I don't know. What have you got to offer? That's what I thought. Look, maybe you guys should try another building. (Sisko and Bashir start to walk away and a man whispers in the guard's ear.) Hey, wait a minute. Maybe we can make a deal after all. [Sanctuary District Apartment building] (They've swapped their clothes.)
Yeah, I'm positive. Well, actually, I did play a little football. Hey, you! Stop right there! The lady says you stole her chips. Hey, hey, let's just calm down, okay? Charlie, over here. Take this gentleman to security. I'm afraid I can't leave my post. Charlie, strip search. There, there, it's not worth all that.
Major! You can't go in. There's a hull breach and
Move along. Step back from the gate. That's enough. Work detail tomorrow. Surrender your passes. You there, keep moving. This way, this way. Yes, sir. [Memory - Quark's] I'm sorry, sir. No visitors are permitted here. Of course. (Trazko stabs the guard then turns off Quark's life support and puts a pillow over his face. Rom enters and does that high pitched Ferengi scream. There's a struggle and Odo arrives with more guards and grabs Trazko)
Back to work. (O'Brien and Kira approach the fence)
They have been scanned. They have no weapons and their identities have been confirmed. Move! (A Federation officer in old style Starfleet blue uniform is thrown out into the light. Doctor Julian Bashir.) [Barracks] (Bashir uses a sharp piece of metal to draw his blood. It stays red.)
Let's go. You too. Let's go.
