The pleasure's all mine. (Yes, that is the wonderful Steven Berkoff.) Quark. And my companion, Talura. Your cousin speaks very highly of you. I admire confidence in a man. In fact, I demand it of my salesmen. But in business, one must be careful not to grow too confident. I believe the phrase you used to bring me here was an opportunity of a lifetime. Show me. [Holosuite] (Various weapons on display stands.) Very nice. (He hefts a rifle.) Its weight and balance appears just right. That won't be necessary. (He fires at Quark. No damage done.) A perfect replica. It even pulls a little to the right, just like the real ones. I believe it. Remember we sold a hundred and fifty thousand of these to the Manchovites. Too bad about the armistice. On occasion. It's very dangerous. If either side realises what you're doing, it could be most unpleasant. True. Well, I'm glad I came. This solves many of our problems. Gaila, well done. Quark. You really are a find. I'm sure we're going to accomplish great things together. Just one thing. Don't cross me, Quark. Don't ever cross me. Understood? Right. Now, if it's not too much trouble, I'd like to see my quarters. (Hagath leaves.) You're a natural salesman. I always like to celebrate a job well done. To Quark. (Gaila hands over a glass of bubbly.) Just a moment. Who would have thought that so much money can be made from Andarian glass beads. How did things go with the Proxcinians? Good. And he'll be back for more. The Proxcinian war is just heating up. I suppose you're wondering when you'll start seeing your share of the profits. I'm afraid it won't be soon. I took the liberty of transferring your earnings directly to your creditors. You'll be happy to know they were most appreciative. I don't doubt your intentions, but money does strange things to people and I can't afford to have an associate distracted with financial difficulties. So, until your debt is paid, you won't be seeing any profit. Your earnings will be yours to do with as you will, as long as you remain solvent. Quark, do forgive me. You see, my associates are like family to me and I feel it's my duty to keep them from getting into trouble, and to shower them with affection. (gives him a box) Go on, open it. An absolute fortune. A small token of my esteem. (To Hagath's companion, who is doing her nails.) What chance do they have? Invest in a winner, sell to the Cardassians. My dear Quark, not every deal is about making money. Sometimes, you have to look at the big picture, and at times gaining a friend is more important than making profit. I knew the Cardassians would eventually lose, and you know why? Exactly. They underestimated the Bajoran thirst for freedom. I didn't. (Doorbell.) No. Come in. (Its a human male.) Ah, Farrakk. How nice of you to join us. Oh really? I heard they had no longer any need of our services. Since they signed an agreement with Metron Consortium. I also heard that you hadn't even opened negotiations with the Verillians. And that instead of doing your job, you were off enjoying yourself on Risa. I don't want any explanations. I put my faith in you and you let me down. As from now, our relationship is terminated. An expensive mistake. Goodbye. (Farrakk pauses in the doorway. Gaila waves.) Are you still there? (Farrakk leaves.) Now, that was a most unpleasant experience. Shall we get back to what we were talking about? [Quark's] (Quark is polishing glasses and Morn is asleep at the bar.) Quark, may I ask you a question? Are you trying to ruin me on purpose, or is this sheer incompetence? Here we are, about to open negotiations with an important new client and this is the welcome you're prepared to give him? This? He's going to like this? Well, he should. It's delicious. We had you going there, didn't we? Quark, I love you. It's magnificent, all of it. Well, that's enough fun for now. The Regent will be here shortly, and tonight we are going to make some money. (Later, the food has been decimated. The Regent is a Godfather or Sidney Greenstreet type.) Betrayal. It's the one unforgivable sin. Especially when it's committed by someone you trusted implicitly. We can help you there. Now, what would be most effective? Prions? Absolutely. Quark was just trying to make a little joke, but unfortunately Ferengi humour doesn't translate too well. So let's forgo any further attempts at jocularity, shall we? And get down to the business! [Promenade - upper level] What do you mean you can't get your hands on the mutagenic retrovirus? This isn't good. I've just been telling the Regent that his shipment will be delivered within a week. He's leaving right now. He is not going to be happy, Quark. I'm glad you're amused, Quark. Never heard of it. Is it effective? Well, seventeen million, it's better than nothing. I'll speak to the Regent, try to keep him from leaving. You make sure you get this sample here as soon as possible. Don't fail me, Quark. Get going. [Corridor] (Quark and Gaila are running.) You heard him. Nothing. Right, Quark? Then fix it. Forget the champagne. Just get here as quickly as possible. He'll be back shortly. [Outside the Cargo bay]
