Making a withdrawal, Quark? Let me guess. A thousand bricks of gold pressed latinum. Put your hands on your head. Turn around. (Everyone say Hi! to  Gregory Itzin, my favourite villainous US President.) Attempted bribery. That should add a few years to your sentence. Let's go. Lurian security. I have a signed extradition order for your arrest. As soon as your station's security chief approves it, we'll be on our way. Conspiracy to intercept government property. A thousand bricks of gold pressed latinum. It was his bequest from the Royal family of Luria. He was the Crown Prince. You didn't know? That's what I'm saying. Yes. But he renounced the throne when he came of age. His family bequeathed him the latinum when he abdicated. Now that he's deceased, it's legally theirs again. That will has already been nullified. He signed an agreement to return the latinum in the event of his death. His ex-wife? She's here? Quiet! Let me think. Listen and listen carefully. Larell has been trying to get her hands on the Prince's latinum for years. She's tried blackmail, extortion, I wouldn't be surprised if she was behind his death. The Royal family would like nothing better than to see her behind bars. If you help me apprehend her, there'll be a substantial reward. When are you going to see her again? Brothers? Whoever these brothers are, I promise you, I won't let them get between the Royal family and its latinum. Then we have an understanding. If I'm going to put these people away, I have to catch them trying to get their hands on the latinum. Call the Bank. Tell them to deliver it here. You stay out of sight and leave the rest to me. [Quark's] (O'Brien is sitting on Morn's stool.) Why didn't you answer the door? We need to talk. Are you all right? Well, you keep craning your neck. (Krit and Nahsk come out.) The usual. It's been a long time. I see you're still a step behind everyone else. Oh, he had latinum, all right. Ever hear of the Lissepian Mother's Day heist? Because we knew he'd stashed it away somewhere to wait for the statute of limitations to expire. Krit's right, we don't need him anymore. Wait a minute. What do you propose, Nahsk? That we walk into the cargo bay with his bloody thumb and ask for the latinum? We need him. The only question is what happens after he takes delivery? A thousand bricks of latinum split five ways. What do you think? All right. We're staying together until it gets here. I don't trust you, and I certainly don't trust them. All right. [Quark's] To your hospitality. Which one of you killed him, anyway? Then it really was an accident. Get rid of him. Open it. (The front hatch springs up to reveal a large pile of gold bricks. Quark leans in.)
