When we first agreed to use the Ferengi as intermediaries, we did it because we knew the Dominion would never tolerate direct trade between us and the Federation. (Everyone say Hi! to  James Cromwell under the latex again.) Unfortunately, we have found there is little profit in doing business with the Federation. In order to comply with your all commerce laws, we have had to pay a series of taxes and fees that have made the costs too high. For example, on a recent shipment of Karemman Fleece, a four percent surcharge was added to inspect the cargo for changeling infiltrators. And a six percent tariff was imposed to help offset the lost income of Tarkalian sheep herders. Need I go on, Captain? They're here to punish us for meeting with you. If I give myself up and assume full responsibility, they may spare my ship. They're hoping that the Jem'Hadar won't follow them into the atmosphere. Twenty three of my people are on that ship and they're going to die because I was foolish enough to defy the Dominion. As you wish, Captain. (Hanok is escorted off) Really? Your brother? You cheated me, Quark, and you haven't even have the courage to admit it. If we survive this, I'll see that you never work in the Gamma Quadrant again, [Bridge] (Sonar is online) How can you tell? Someone with my lobes? You are despicable. That's not the way the Karemma conduct business. No, I haven't. The Karemma believe that merchandise has a set value, determined by the raw materials and the labour involved in creating it. Factor in transportation costs and a reasonable profit margin, and you arrive at a fair price. Greed leads to misjudgment, and that can result in a loss of profits. Gambling is the last recourse of the desperate. Only a fool would risk losing what he has to chance. [Engine room] (Worf enters through the Jefferies tube.) I suggest we leave this room immediately. I think we should wait for help. How? One of these diodes connects the warhead to the power source. The other one is the firing mechanism. I saw a design schematic once. At the Ministry of Trade on Karemma. We sell these torpedoes to the Jem'Hadar. Maybe I should offer them a refund. (They both laugh until the torpedo changes its note.) We have to remove the firing diode only I don't know which one it is. Dabo? How? That was exciting. Yes. You never give up, do you? Let's talk about these Bolian currency fluctuations. [Bridge] A levy? Where? I don't see that. Just because one loses a bet, doesn't mean one gives up the game. Put it all on triple over. Triple over. Nothing personal, Quark.
