Benjamin. I wish it didn't take a disaster like this to get us back together. Dax? My goodness. You look a lot better than the last time I saw you. Well, we haven't noticed any unusual deployment from the Cardassians along the border. Lieutenant, I don't have time this trip, but you and I have a few stories to catch up on. Next time. [Commander's office] That woman knows more about me than any woman ever has. More than my wife, even. Don't you find things a little uncomfortable? Yes, but Curzon was a Now, you two aren't? I mean (laughter) Yes, that would be extremely strange. So, Ben, how is Jake? No. A little chin music, huh? It must have been difficult for you. At least I didn't have a child to raise by myself. I know that, Ben. You know, I was hoping when they sent me to the colonies that you and I would have time for some R and R together. I know. You can't imagine how my life has changed since the Federation abandoned these colonies. My presence there is a joke. I am supposed to help these colonies function under the terms of the new treaty. Now Ben, what the hell does that mean? The treaty gave away their territory to the Cardassians, territory that these people had invested their lives in. Now, Ben, if you knew them as I do, you'd know why they can't leave. It's a bad treaty. The Federation gave away too much. Well, yes, the Cardassians would love to have their colonies in our territory. Because they knew we'd protect them. But they have no intention of doing the same for ours. Oh, are they really? There is no risk, Ben. None. I have been dealing with the Cardassians most of my professional life, and believe me, they are very pleased with what they got from the treaty. They are not about to risk all they've gained by sending forces into the Zone. They're much too slick for that. If I were you, I'd be very concerned with security along the Bajoran border. Well, Ben, you and I both know they never let you see what you expect to see. They'll respond. [Promenade] (A Vulcan woman speaks to the man who set the device. He is now in civilian clothes.) That ship was carrying medical supplies to Soltok Four. Ben, what are you doing here? Commander Sisko, do you know my counterpart from the colonies, Gul Evek? Explaining why your ships were armed with Galor-class phaser banks? We want to talk to him ourselves. Come on, come on. It's all right, it's all right. Go on. We'll talk later. We'll talk later. You go on. Get him out of here. (A native american helps carry Samuel's body away again.) (Later.) I knew him. Bill Samuels was a farmer. He cultivated his land for twenty years. He raised two kids on that land. He made something out of that land and the Federation told him he had to give it all up to the Cardassians. Well, he just was not willing to do that. The Cardassians have no intention of allowing these people to stay. They will either force them out or they will kill them. It's already started. Not a day goes when there's not some random act of violence against our people. Every Federation colonist knows you do not go out alone at night. Can you imagine living in that kind of fear? Enforcing the laws? The Cardassian authorities were part of a mob that stoned two colonists on the streets of Ropal City three days ago. Well that will help a lot. The word is the Cardassian High Command is arming their colonists to the teeth. I think they'll find a way to do it that's not so obvious. That sounds about right. Could the Bok'Nor have been transferring weapons to someone else to bring in here? Samuels? I don't know. They could have forced him to make a false confession and then killed him. Then, maybe he did do it, Ben. I don't know. Damn! I've got to go see his wife. I don't know what I'm going to tell her. Makes you pine for the good old dull days in New Berlin, doesn't it? Sausage and beer all around, and everyone's idea of a good time was the mazurka Festival. I'll never forget the sight of you in those lederhosen. Well if they are, they're not about to tell me about it. But I'll tell you one thing, Ben, between you and me, those people have every right to defend themselves. When the Federation said goodbye to them, they left them no other choice. [Runabout] I'm glad to see you had no trouble finding us, Ben. It seems that one disaster after another keeps bringing us back together again. To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Oh, are they really? I'm glad to see you had no trouble finding us, Ben. It seems that one disaster after another keeps bringing us back together again. And now for the conclusion. [Jungle] You should have seen the look on your face when you saw me standing there, Ben. Well, it's been feeling a little tight lately. It's just a uniform, Ben. Yes, graduation day at the Academy. We both swore we'd be starship captains by the time we were thirty. Yes. Yes, we have, haven't we? But now I've got something better. These settlers, Ben, if you saw all they have accomplished without any help from the Federation, then you'd fight along with them. They've travelled out here to the back of the beyond and built homes out of the wilderness. Now maybe the Federation can turn their back on them, but I can't. The Federation believes that it can solve every problem with a treaty, but out here, on the frontier, without the power of the Federation to back them up, a treaty is only a piece of paper. Not yet, but we will. We'll find out, won't we. He's not here. I never thought I'd see the day when you'd side with a Cardassian against me. You've got a funny way of showing it, Ben. The violence will never end as long as the Central Command continues to smuggle weapons to their colonies. I wish there were a better way to handle this thing. I really do. Nobody wants peace any more than the Maquis. The Bok'Nor will never smuggle weapons again. How? No. The Federation abandoned us. Told us to take care of ourselves. Well, that's what we intend to do, Ben. But you, you could be invaluable to us. Let us use your station. A maintenance facility for our ships. Every week innocent people are being murdered by the Cardassians. I will not allow those deaths to go unpunished. I prefer to call it retaliation. I'm sorry we won't be working together, Benjamin. It would've been nice. Like old times. Sorry, Ben. (Hudson shoots Sisko, and the other Maquis shoot Kira and Bashir.) Okay, let's go. Knowing Ben's temper when he wakes up, we won't want to be here. Come on. Let's move out. [Corridor] A very rousing speech, Ben. I suppose my best rebuttal would be to kill you. What is this? You always were an optimist. It's too late for that. We're in a war here, and I intend to win it. I could use your help, Ben, and I'm asking you as a friend. I hope not. I truly hope not. (Hudson turns to leave, then phasers his uniform into atoms) [Ops] Initiating evasive manoeuvres. Signal Niles to follow my lead. Damn it. Let us go, Ben. Then I suggest you duck. Fire on their beam emitter. [Runabout Rio Grande] (Bang) We'll have to even the odds. [Runabout Orinoco] Switch to phasers. Come about. Heading one one five mark two three six. I can't. They've knocked out the power couplings to our weapons array. The only thing we can do. We get the hell out of here. [Runabout Rio Grande]
