He understands, all right. Not that it matters. I'm not confessing to anything. (This older Ferengi female is confident and dressed!) It's good to see you, son. You look well. Oh, now, now, now. Hello, Quark. You haven't changed a bit. Perhaps you should. Of course I was. This is my home and I'll speak to whomever I want. It's all right, Rom. I know what I'm doing. Quark, you're upsetting your brother. That's not true. I care. I'm not doing anything of the kind. Rom, this is your home. You can stay as long as you like. Or leave whenever you like. It's up to you. (Ishka goes down the passageway.) Have anyone in mind for the job? (sniffs the grubs) Mmm, dank and musty. Forget it, Quark. I am not imprinting the confession. Why don't you tell him? Or would you prefer I did? High quality beetles. The best. Three bars of gold-pressed latinum. Why not? If you ask me, this society could use a little chaos. Is that a compliment, or an accusation? I can't. I wish you could understand, Quark. I keep it this way to remind myself how idiotic Ferengi tradition can be when it comes to females. Rom, is something wrong? Would you feel more comfortable if I took them off? All right, if it will make you feel better. But only for you. (So she does) Better? He's made that quite clear. I'd like to, but Ferengi tradition doesn't allow females to travel. He just lives by them. Like an unenlightened Ferengi. (Rom puts his head on Ishka's lap.) You always were a good boy. I don't think Quark knows how lucky he is to have a brother as loyal as you. This isn't about money, Rom. Quark has always been more than generous with my stipend. I have more than enough to live on. It's about pride. And knowing that I'm just as capable of earning profit as any male. Don't you see? If I imprint that confession, I'll be admitting that what I did was wrong. I'm not going to do that. I'd rather be sold into servitude. He's a smart boy. He can take care of himself. Enough about your brother. Let me see your teeth. They're looking a little dull. Why don't you sit here and I'll sharpen them for you. Here we are. Give you what? It's a letter to your cousin Stol. It's not so little. Since when does a Ferengi have to make excuses for making profit? And when it comes to profit, this female is a better Ferengi than you'll ever be. Quark, sometimes you can be so thick-headed. Of course there is. Insults are the only thing he understands. He's so blind with jealousy, he can't even think straight. You're just like your father. Because he knew I had the lobes for business and he didn't. I tried to help him, give him financial advice, but he wouldn't listen to me because I was a female. Give me one reason why not. You're going to have to do better than that. A lot of things were good enough for your father. He was a lobeless failure and if you're not careful, you're going to end up just like him. Quark! Rom! That's enough! Let him go! Stop it! Stop it, both of you. (She twists their lobes.) If your brother wants to go to the FCA, let him. I'll worry about that. Go on. What are you waiting for? [Brunt's office] (Quark totters out of the stairwell, gasping.) Apology accepted. I'm just glad that Rom was able to catch you before you made a horrible mistake. I'm glad we agree. Does it matter? Divided? I never said that. You said he'd let me keep all the profit for myself. Don't get your lobes caught in the door on your way out. He's a sweet boy. You're too hard on him. You always have been. I doubt it. When it comes to business, he's a lot like your father. I'm not insulting anyone. I'm just being honest. Rom's a lot like his father. And you, I suppose, are a lot like me. Your father might have bought you your first copy of the Rules of Acquisition, but who helped you memorise them? I don't think I've ever been prouder than the first time you made it through all two hundred and eighty five rules without a mistake. But you understand them. Rom never did. And neither did his father. But even if Keldar didn't know the first thing about profit, he knew everything about family. He was a good husband and a wonderful father. And I loved him for that. The way I love Rom, and the way I love you. Yes, I suppose I do. If it'll make you happy, I'll give back the money. You're my son, Quark. How can I refuse you? I know exactly how much this means to you. And what would that be? I thought he'd never leave. (She gets dressed again.) Quark, I've just given up a sizable fortune. I'm in no mood for your nagging. So soon? Well, you know you could call your mother every once in a while. Maybe even visit. I think things will be a lot better between us from now on. If you ask me, a third was too much. But it's my own fault for not hiding it better. I've got it hidden so well, I'll be lucky if I can find it. Now, Rom, don't start crying. You'll get me doing it. Go on. Go on. Quark's waiting for you. Take care of your brother. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Quark, dinner's on the table. Quark, your tube grubs are getting warm.
My boys. I knew you'd come. My lobes haven't been this firm in over a century. Don't you start with me, Quark. He's got you there, Yelgrun. I think that uniform is too tight on you, Nog. It's cutting off circulation to your brain. Oww! Now let's see if you're a changeling. (Ishka pulls his lobes and hits him over the head.) You're right. Give me that knife. No parents, no sweetheart, no investment portfolio. You heard him, Quark. Rom, I'm counting on you. Remember, Moogie loves you. [Empok Nor surgery] Give them what they want, Quark. Neither will I. The hipicate root is very versatile. It's used in certain medicines, defractive optics, and even some beauty supplies. Here, feel how smooth my head is. Cream of hipicate. I apply it twice a day. You see, a diversified financial portfolio can mean greater profits and healthier looking skin. Oh Quark, the Grand Nagus is going to be so proud of you. I know I am.
You're a good son. And you're a good liar. I hope they do. Tell them, Zekkie. It should really come from you. It's one of those good news bad news type of things. Give them the good news first. Anywhere we want. What's the matter, Quark? Afraid of a little competition? Oh, now you see why I like him best. I doubt it. Who do you think? Well, don't start panicking. The Ferengi Commerce Authority hasn't confirmed him yet. What lovely quarters you have, Quark. Small, but lovely. The FCA Commissioners reinstate you as Nagus. But that's only the beginning, lobekins. I predict that one day, a female will enter the Tower of Commerce, climb the forty flights of stairs to the Chamber of Opportunity, and take her rightful place as Grand Nagus of the Ferengi Alliance. Remember, she's Rom's wife. Meaning she's broke. Zekkie. Well, the news isn't all bad. The Commissioner who's agreed to come. It's Nilva. He's a very powerful and influential voice within the FCA. I don't know. But if I can convince him to support Zek, other Commissioners will follow. See? I told you it was too early to panic. Now you can panic. (Quark goes up to Brunt to order him out.) Acting Grand Nagus. (Uri'lash and Maihar'du glare at each other.) Get used to it, limp lobes. This is the future. Don't remind me. So am I. You busy, Quark? Oh, Quark, there's nothing wrong with your life. You're overreacting. Reminds me of when you were a lobeling. You were always such a miserable child. I'm your mother, I can't leave you alone. Come on, on your feet. Zekkie's waiting for you in the bar. He feels like playing a game of tongo. He wants to play tongo, I want to have a late night snack, you want to lie here feeling sorry for yourself. We all deal with stress in different ways. Any fresh tube grubs around? It's simple. You put one end of the tube grub between your front teeth, and you suck 'em right up. These are minced. I wanted fresh. It's my fault you don't have fresh tube grubs? Acting Grand Nagus Brunt. What's wrong with that? As if you cared about any of us. It's your life you're worried about. What's the matter, Quark? Are you afraid you picked the wrong side? You can always go crawling to Brunt, beg his forgiveness. Do you. Before he met me, Zek was a lonely, unhappy man. Maybe I am, but at least I'm not like you. A selfish, spineless, ungrateful Miserable excuse for a son! I haven't even begun. You should be ashamed of yourself. Why, you are nothing but a. Why, you are, you You're a You're a. You're a. You're a Where the rivers run with muck and the streets are swarming with happy females. I'm glad we have Nilva on our side. And we have you to thank for that, Quark. Of course I do. You may be a lousy son, but you made a wonderful daughter. I hope the experience taught you something.
I knew you were going to make this difficult. Who wants you to be Nagus? It was my idea. You've always underestimated your brother. (Quark walks away.) Come, my dear. Risa's waiting. I'm proud of you, son. Let's go, Zekkie. (Zek, Ishka and Maihar'du leave)
