Surrender or you will all be killed. [Runabout Rubicon] (The power is off.) The bridge is secure. The bridge officers are confined in the mess hall, other survivors in the cargo bay. We will have impulse power back online in thirty minutes, but it will take several hours to restore warp capability. There is still much to do before we declare victory. Until we leave Federation space, we are vulnerable It is, of course, your prerogative. The takeover of the ship was competently executed. I serve the Founders. If it is their will to create a new race, then that is the order of things. But the Jem'Hadar bred here in the Alpha Quadrant have not proven themselves superior to those from the Gamma Quadrant. At least not yet. I would suggest that his execution can wait until we have completed repairs to the ship. No. Obedience brings Victory. Captain Sisko, come with me. It's a mistake. Giving him access to the engine room will only give him an opportunity to retake the ship. In fact, he's working on a plan at this very moment. I know what he's thinking because it's exactly what I would be doing in his position. You should kill him now, before he has a chance to put his plan into motion. I strongly suggest that you refuse this request. I won't be baited by a prisoner, and neither should you. Enough. Whatever it is you're planning, don't. I'll be watching you, and at the first sign of treachery I will kill all your bridge officers. The First may be a fool, but I am not. I was, until two days ago. If we had captured you while I was in command we wouldn't be having this conversation. Deck two, section five. He is an Alpha, I am a Gamma. His DNA and psychological profile are specifically designed for combat in this quadrant. The Founders believe that makes him a better leader. I believe I've given you enough information already. [Bridge] What are you doing? Instruct him on how to complete the realignment. Then explain it quickly. Give him the tool. Why is the Klingon working on the plasma display subsystem? That system has nothing to do with warp drive operation. Sixth! Relieve the Klingon. Take over the repair of the display subsystem. Give the Klingon another task. Because I said so. (The door opens.) He's stalling. You're playing right into his hands. Don't you see that? All of you, step away from the consoles. Right now! Silence! [Runabout Rubicon] At least one hour, maybe longer. You ordered me not to interfere with them. If we had assigned Jem'Hadar to do the repair, as I said Wait! Before we activate the warp drive we should check the entire system for possible sabotage. He was a First. They don't need to listen. Obedience brings Victory and Victory is (dies) (Rubicon swoops down.)
