Because he insisted I come with him to the Gamma Quadrant to watch the wormhole undergo what they call a subspace inversion. Of course what he didn't realise was that I could hide away on the Defiant just as easily as I could on the station. [Jake's cabin] (Doorbell) Most of the time, I knew enough to do what my father told me. But that day, for some reason, I didn't. [Engine room] People came forward and talked about my father, what they remembered most about him why and they would miss him. I didn't step forward. I couldn't. I felt that no matter what I said about him, I'd be leaving so much more out and that didn't seem right. [Sisko's quarters] I'd never felt more alone in all my life. Everyone went out of their way to look after me, especially Dax. She was my father's closest friend, and I guess she felt responsible for me. [Quark's] After a few months things started returning to normal, for everyone else, that is. But before long, they had bigger things to worry about. Tensions with the Klingons were continuing to rise. My father was a kind of religious figure to the Bajoran people, and when he died they took it as a sign from the Prophets that the Federation wouldn't be able to protect them from the Klingons. Eventually Bajor entered into a mutual defence pact with the Cardassians, and the Klingons didn't like that at all. The station's civilian population was leaving en masse. They knew that if war broke out against the Klingons, Deep Space Nine was going to be on the front line. [Promenade - upper level] I suppose I wasn't feeling very prudent that day, because I ignored their advice. [Upper pylon] It wasn't until I actually touched him that I knew this wasn't a dream. [Infirmary] (Sisko is on a biobed) But something was wrong. I didn't understand everything they were saying, but Dax and the others seemed to think that the accident had somehow knocked my father's temporal signature out of phase. There was nothing I could do. I had to leave my home of five years and give up whatever hope there was of seeing my father again. [House] Later that night, after Nog had left, I stayed up working. My new novel was going well, and when it's going well you don't want to stop. The Defiant. Nog was a Captain by then, and he helped me round up the old crew and get the ship pulled out of mothballs. Worf threw his weight around with the Klingon High Council, and they gave us permission to enter the Bajoran system. (Everyone is in Future uniform as seen in All Good Things, and plenty of wrinkle makeup.) I'd designed a subspace flux isolator and we set it up in Engineering. The wormhole wouldn't undergo another inversion for decades, so this was my only chance.
