(older brother, in mining coveralls) Welcome home, little girl. Do I have to take a sonic shower before I get a hug? You too. What happened here? It's cute. Mom's on her way. She said to give you the preliminary police report on your friend. Not yet. [Tigan home office] But they have a few leads. I hope you appreciate all the trouble she's going to. She called in a lot of favours from the New Sydney police. She's not going to be here a minute longer than she has to. You know that. There's always something. I was just going to contact him. Yes, ma'am. Have Mister Lorkin report to the main house. That broken waveguide in fourteen three A is going to cost us a thousand bars of latinum a day. Mother thinks it's a result of sloppy maintenance. I think a brand new waveguide doesn't just break. He's trying to send us a message. The Orion Syndicate doesn't take no for an answer. No. I can deal with Bokar. Relax. Everything's going to be all right. [Tigan living room] (After evening meal.) She didn't have any trouble adjusting to having a new Dax in her life? Of course. Sorry to interrupt, but (Enter O'Brien beaten and in handcuffs, with a policeman dressed very similar to the Mari police from Voyager - Random Thoughts.) If you'll excuse me, we're having a problem with the drill down in twenty four B. (Janel leaves.) He's not a mining engineer. But the transtator checks out perfectly. What? It says fifty two J. Or deliberately. He was dismissed on my Mother's personal order. This is Mister O'Brien. He's a friend of the family. Will you excuse us for a moment, Chief? Mister Bokar and I have some business to discuss. Thank you for your help. I'll have a new transtator installed right away. Sabotaging our drills isn't going to convince me to do more business with the Orion Syndicate. No, he isn't. He works with my sister on Deep Space Nine. He was looking for some woman. No. What? So, you're not leaving until tomorrow? Why? This isn't a good time for guests. There's a lot of work to do. The quicker you're on your way, the better. (Janel leaves, Ezri enters.) We're ready to open twenty five beta. We were returning a favour. To the Orion Syndicate. Remember when the Ferengis opened up the Timor Two mine and there was a ten point drop in the price of pergium? Well, that came at a bad moment. We were overextended on some loans, our cash reserves were depleted, and a Jem'Hadar raid destroyed an entire shipment before it reached the refinery on Rigel Four. They came to me! They offered us a way out and I took it. I did what I had to do. And I don't remember you asking a lot of questions when our cash problems were resolved overnight. About a month after Bokar arranged the loan, he came to me and said it was time to return the favour. There was a woman who needed a job with a salary, but without any actual work involved. He said she was the widow of one of their associates and they needed to take care of her. I didn't feel like I was in a position to say no. So I started making the payments. No one would've been the wiser if Norvo had altered the payroll records like I asked him. You're the one who says there's nothing more important than the company. Well, that's all I was thinking about. The company. You dumped it in my lap and I saved it, so don't start complaining now. if it weren't for me, we would have been finished. She wasn't happy with her salary. She said the Syndicate had promised her a comfortable living and she wasn't comfortable on what we were paying her. I don't know. What are you saying? That I had her killed? I didn't kill her. I may not have shed any tears when I found out she was dead, but I didn't kill her. The police said it was an accident! I need to inspect the ore samples from fifty three C. We have to make a decision on whether to open up a new Go where?
