What you're asking me to do is declare martial law. Captain, I've been in politics for seventy years. I'm no stranger to overstatement and exaggeration. But the idea that Starfleet would plot to overthrow the Federation government is the single most astonishing accusation I have ever heard. As I intend to. But you'll forgive me if I remain somewhat sceptical. Now, you should start at the beginning. And I rejected their suggestions as extreme. And so Admiral Leyton approached me again, this time with you two at his side. And I agreed to his proposals. Starfleet officers committing sabotage? I find that difficult to believe. Admiral Leyton may be somewhat grating and inflexible at times, but for a man of his accomplishments, a man of his distinguished record to commit treason? Your story has a certain logic to it, gentlemen, but what it lacks is proof. You think he would refuse a direct order from his Commander-in-Chief? He may not have to give up anything. If what you say is true, if the power outage was part of Leyton's plan, then it's worked perfectly. Right now the public overwhelmingly supports the increased security. If I tried to remove those troops over Leyton's objections, I'll have a planetwide riot on my hands. If what you say is true, I'll have his resignation. Bring me the evidence, I promise I'll use it. [Sisko's restaurant] (Nighttime) Do as she asks. (The blood goes orange.)
Captain. I've seen your record. Most exemplary. (reads the PADD) Hmm. I understand the need for increased security, but blood screenings? Phaser sweeps? I'm sure they have. But I hope you'll keep in mind that this is Earth, and not a military installation. Precautions may be advisable, but I will not disrupt the lives of the population. Despite what happened at Antwerp, I believe the changeling threat to be somewhat less serious than Starfleet does. For all we know, there was only one changeling on Earth, and he may not even be here anymore. Forgive me for saying so, Captain, but you sound a little paranoid. A very effective entrance, Mister Odo. You present a convincing argument, Captain. It seems I have no choice but to accept your proposals. I'm not interested in excuses. It is imperative we get the power relay system functioning again. (Sisko, Odo, Leyton and two Security Officers beam in) How did you people get here? You're serious. With the exception of the Borg incident, there hasn't been a State of Emergency declared on Earth in a century. Do you have evidence to back this up? I wasn't aware the Dominion had cloaking technology. How long until the power relays are fixed? What good will that do when we have no way to defend ourselves? What you're asking me to do is declare martial law. I never sought this job. I was content to simply represent my people on the Federation Council. When they asked me to submit my name for election, I almost said no. Today I wish I had. Earth is in your hands, gentlemen. Do what needs to be done. I hope you're right, for all our sakes. [Sisko's restaurant] (Jake is sitting at a candlelit table when he hears voices outside.)
