What you did today, Major, was declare war on Cardassia. Thankfully, they declined the invitation. The Navarch needed to return here to assume his new post. He's been made the Bajoran liaison officer to Deep Space Nine. Not anymore you don't. Major Kira is no longer assigned to this post. She's been recalled to Bajor. And now, the continuation. [Commander's office] Frankly, Commander, I'm surprised at your reaction. But I expected you to be celebrating. I was under the impression that Major Kira has been nothing but trouble to you since Common knowledge. Commander, Starfleet doesn't consult us when they wish to promote one of their officers. Certainly it is. We must find the proper spot for her. After all, she's the one who brought Li Nalas back to us. I'm glad you see it. I'm sorry? May I assume you are satisfied with the assignment of Li to fill your vacant post? Frankly, I'm not sure it's safe in the capital with what's going on these days. The fires and graffiti were a nuisance, but two days ago, one of my fellow ministers was attacked and beaten. We can't risk the same thing happening to Li Nalas. Look at it this way, Commander. We're entrusting you with Bajor's greatest hero. Could you have a better liaison officer than Li Nalas? I think not. (Jaro leaves and O'Brien comes to the door) I hear them, Major. They're calling to me. (Bareil in a Major's uniform) Good afternoon. I am the Circle, Major. The last thing I need right now is a great war hero capturing the devotion of the Bajoran people. Major, I don't have to tell you. I've heard your opinion of this government. Government. They can't even agree it is a government, so they call it provisional. It's just another word for powerless. I won't allow the Bajoran people to be powerless any more. We have been doormats to the Cardassians and now the Federation. Any great power that happens by. We will not be that again. We are a people who brought art and architecture to countless planets. We don't deserve to be victims. We'll discuss politics another time. I need to know, please, what the Federation will do once our objective becomes clear. Major, I've heard you have no love for the Federation. I'm not an unreasonable man. I'm willing to send you back to the station if that's what you want. I'll give you that station after we get rid of Starfleet. Now, do you believe they will continue to support the provisional government? What will the Federation do, Major? What will Sisko do? You know him better than any Bajoran. No one despises the Cardassians more than I, Major, but we did learn a few things from them. Like how to encourage people to talk. I feel the Prophets smiling on me today, Vedek. So what's it to be, Winn? Don't tease me. I know the future. It belongs to me. I don't need your interpretation. Your support. Your public support. You stand for a return to orthodox values, as do I. We're a match made by the Prophets. That can change. Think of the prestige of having the new leader of Bajor being a member of your order. Have the Prophets given you reason to doubt it? Then let them bless my ascension. Tell the people the Prophets are with me. I know that. I know that too. I can think of no one more worthy of being the next Kai than you, Winn. I shall do everything in my power to see that you are.
The Navarch needed to return here to assume his new post. He's been made the Bajoran liaison officer to Deep Space Nine. Not anymore you don't. Major Kira is no longer assigned to this post. She's been recalled to Bajor. I am the Circle, Major. Think of the prestige of having the new leader of Bajor being a member of your Order. Good news. Then the Federation has withdrawn. When I announce that we've secured the station, it will certainly impact the You expect the enemy to return, General? Kira? You're right. Li Nalas would never abandon Bajor. He must still be there. [Chamber of Ministers] Let me re-emphasise that you are to take every necessary step to keep Li Nalas alive. Dead, he's a martyr. Alive, he seals our victory. I'll offer him anything he wants to make sure he does. Short of becoming the next Kai, of course. Leaders like us. You don't have to worry about that. Twenty six hours after I'm sworn into office, I'll direct the Vedek Assembly to elect you Kai. Together, we will rebuild Bajor. [Raider cockpit] (The raider is fired up.) Guards, stop that woman. (Kira removes her disguise) Major Kira has long been an outspoken opponent of the provisional government, of reason, of progress and now finally, of me. I am honoured to be included, Major, but I have no intention of allowing you to disrupt the orderly transition of power with these wild charges. I assure you there is nothing to these accusations. Of course not. We'll adjourn for the time being. And let me say that I completely support this investigation and fully intend to cooperate. [Ops] (Day arrives with Bashir and Quark.)
Major. Where is he? And he's all right? Li Nalas alive. Who would have ever imagined. The prophets were kind to you today, Major. You know your little adventure has made you some enemies in the Chamber of Ministers. What you did, Major, was declare war on Cardassia. Thankfully they declined the invitation. Yes, I'm sure you would. And though officially I have to warn you that the next time you disobey orders will mean the end of your military career, as a private citizen I want to thank you for what you've done this day. Now take me to see Li Nalas. [Replimat] (Crowd control has been brought in) Yes, it is good to be free. Well, it really is you, isn't it. I'm Minister Jaro Essa. I can't tell you how delighted I am to welcome you home. Would you mind if I address the crowd? Yu can't expect a politician to give up an opportunity like this. Thank you. Fellow Bajorans, I have only one thing to say to you, to ask you, really. Never forget this moment. Because I promise you one day your children and your grandchildren will ask you know what it was like the day Li Nalas returned to Bajor. [Guest quarters] Commander. Navarch Li, as of yesterday's unanimous assembly vote. The Navarch needed to return here to assume his new post. He's been made the Bajoran liaison officer to Deep Space Nine. Not any more you don't. Major Kira is no longer assigned to this post. She's been recalled to Bajor. To Be Continued <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
