You know who I am.
Hello, Jadzia. (Creepy Hannibal Lector character.) It's good to see you again, Jadzia. Tell me, have you been practising your music? Good. Do you think of me when you play? I'm glad. You're a very pretty girl, Jadzia. Very pretty. But unfortunately that's all you are. You're nothing compared to Lela, Torias or myself. A pretender. You must realise that by now. Only what I can see. A little girl not worthy of the noble creature nestled inside her. You're overwhelmed by it. You're in over your head. And they said it was a mistake choosing me for joining. But there is one hope for you, Jadzia, and that's me. My strength is within you. You don't have to be afraid of it. Then use it let me show you how to use it. Lower the forcefield, Jadzia. Lower it, and you will never be afraid of anything ever again. Surprise. (Dax fights him off, twice.)
You recognise me. How nice. Respect. Understanding. Love. [Quark's cafe / Promenade upper level] (Down below, Joran is playing a keyboard instrument.) I wish you'd stop being afraid of me. It's not like we're strangers. That worm in your belly used to be mine. Which means I'm part of you. And you're part of me. Is that so? You want to find out who killed Ilario, don't you? Then what are you waiting for? Perform the Rite of Emergence and just ask for my help, and then we can get to work. Maybe not, but you need it. How can I? There's nowhere else for me to go. I'm within you, Ezri. All the time. Use me. I can help. I know how he thinks. We can catch him, Ezri, you and me together. And then we'll make him pay. (Joran throws himself and Ezri over the railing onto the Promenade.) [Ezri's quarters] (Ezri wakes from her nightmare.) You won't regret this, Ezri. (Then he's not in the mirror.) I promise. Joran, the forgotten host. The outcast. I'm sure you never thought that little character trait would prove useful. But I'm not really standing here, am I? It's all in your mind. At least now I know you're listening me. I've been ignored for far too long. Curzon and Jadzia didn't quite know what to do with me. That was a mistake. I have so much to offer. Where should we begin? Then we'll start with his choice of weapons. But you haven't held it in your hands, have you? You haven't looked through its tracking display, picked a target, felt the power as you lock its sensors on your unsuspecting prey. If you want to catch a killer, Ezri, you have to learn to think like one. [Science lab] (Ezri opens the rifle's container.) Handsome weapon. Even you have to admire the aesthetic qualities inherent in its design. It conveys a sense of danger, of power. Just looking from the trigger to the muzzle conjures up images of death. Take it down. (Ezri lays it on the table.) I meant hold it in your hands. Because I want you to feel what the killer felt. This isn't going to work if you fight me. Stop placating me. You wanted my help? Now do as I say. Put on the targeting display. (Ezri puts the yellow lens over her left eye.) Now, hold the weapon as if you're going to use it. Feels good, doesn't it? You mean in combat? It's not the same thing. That kind of killing's too random, too chaotic. This is more controlled. You can savour the moment. Now, tell me, what do you see? He didn't kill anyone in the docking ring. Remember, you're trying to put yourself in his mind. Move to the habitat ring. Good. Our killer is a hunter. So start hunting. You don't want to be in the corridors. Look in the quarters. Good. We have a victim. You have him in your sights. How do you feel? Truth now. That's good. That's what the killer's feeling. You're calm, relaxed. Now you're getting it. You do your killing from a distance. You're cold, methodical. Maybe you're a scientist or a doctor? If you want to know the answer, pull the trigger and find out. Don't think about it, do it! Do it! Ezri, the gun isn't loaded. Do you want to know what the killer feels or don't you? [Promenade - upper level] I'm sorry, Ezri. I didn't mean to push you so far. Maybe not, but you have my memories. You remember what it was like. The excitement, the passion, the looks on their faces as they realised we were the last thing they'd ever see. I don't know what you see in this Ferengi. He's repulsive. No, we don't have time. We have work to do. How I'd love to slip a knife between his ribs. I thought we were having fun together. I suppose I'll have to make myself more endearing. Now, I suggest we visit the victims' quarters to see what answers we can find there. [Ilario's quarters] Clues, what else? Both victims were in their quarters when they were killed. Is that a coincidence or a connection? Think about it. Look around. And remember, whatever you see is what the killer saw. What do we know about these classmates of Ilario's? Pity. Keep looking. [Vanderweg's quarters] Greta was quite a packrat, wasn't she? A monument to bad taste. Just an observation. (A holopicture of the laughing bride in her husband's arms.) You're thinking about giving up, aren't you? You don't have to. You have failure written all over you. It's not the lack of clues that's keeping you from finding the killer, it's you. You're holding back, Ezri. You refuse to see with his eyes, feel with his hands, think with his mind. You are me. That's the spirit. A weapon. Over there. (Ezri picks up a knife.) Yes. Yes, do it. Do it! (But Odo takes the knife from her.) He could be a little more appreciative, don't you think? Sounds guilty to me. What a coincidence. I don't know what you and Jadzia and Curzon all see in that man. He's so insufferable, so Starfleet. I'm surprised the killer hasn't targeted him. I'm joking of course. But he did come perilously close to derailing our investigation. [Corridor] And you have to take some of the blame for that. It's what you didn't do, really. You should have told him about me. Well then, I guess I'll have to remain your little secret and be glad that you're still in his good graces. Not that it matters, really. We would have continued on without Sisko's blessing. Right? [Ezri's quarters] (Ezri lights the fire beneath the mud cauldron.) What are you doing? Do you really think you can get rid of me this easily? Don't you realise we've made Dax whole again? Don't back away now. (her reflection in the mirror) You won't catch the killer without me. Why am I not surprised. (Later, Ezri is alone searching the room.) What happens if we don't catch him? Will he keep shooting Starfleet officers till there are none left on the station? How could anyone be so happy with such unattractive children? (A picture of the laughing family.) This photo. A killer who hates laughter. Who hates emotion. All Vulcans distrust emotions, but they don't go around killing people for smiling. You're thinking like he thinks. Good, Ezri. Now all we have to do is eliminate forty seven of them. Not until we have proof. We've narrowed the field. Maybe it's not just the laughter. So, what do we do now? It's him, Ezri. I know it is. We've found our killer. I'm telling you, he's the one we're looking for. Look in his eyes! What are you doing? He's getting away. And while you're looking for that proof, what do you think the Vulcan will be doing? Let me tell you. He's going to pick another victim. [Science lab] Why was he transferred? Six survivors out of a crew of twelve hundred and fifty. That's a painful loss, even for a Vulcan. But your instincts tell you that he is. Listen to your instincts. Listen to me. It's him. Seeking out his next victim. My thought exactly. What do you see? Studying what? (She zooms in over his shoulder.) What is it? He knows we suspect him. What's he doing? It's a rifle, isn't it. Isn't it? Shoot him. (Ezri attaches the ammo clip to her rifle.) Don't think about it, just do it. (Chu'lak puts on his targeting sensor.) Kill him! (They look at each other down the barrels of their rifles. Ezri fires and hits him. Chu'lak's bullet hits the bulkhead behind her, breaching it.) Congratulations. [Corridor] I'm proud of you. [Chu'lak's quarters] (Chu'lak is not dead. He is crawling for his weapon when Ezri arrives and picks it up.) Go ahead. Finish what you started. What are you waiting for? He deserves to die. You know that. Follow your instincts. I can't tell you how much I've enjoyed our time together. You won't be able to forget me or bury me as deeply as Curzon or Jadzia did. I'm part of you now. As much as Audrid, Torias, any of them.
