If I were you, I'd order the crawfish etoufee. And if it's good enough for you, it's good enough for him. I think table five is ready to order. Customers seem to like it. Look, I'm worried too, but he's got something to work out. Best we leave him alone. Ask me what? Where'd you get that? No one at all, you hear me? She's no one at all. [Las Vegas lounge] (Worf can't sleep.) You should be in bed. I already told you. She's no one. Leave it be, Ben. That's impossible. You couldn't have. I'm sorry, but I don't want to talk about it. No! Her name was Sarah. I met her in June of '31. It was in Jackson Square. She was, without a doubt, the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. Two months later, we were married. It's a little bit more complicated than that, Ben. You see, Sarah was your mother. (During the break, Sisko makes hot drinks for them both.) Sarah and I were married for two years. She seemed very happy. I certainly was. Two days after your first birthday, she disappeared. She left me. I've asked myself that question a thousand times. I never did come up with the answer. It took me three years, but I found out. She was living in Australia working as a holo-photographer. You can't. She's dead. She died in a hovercraft accident about a month before I tracked her down. I loved that woman and she loved me. I know she did. I wanted to, many times. But you were so young when she left. I thought that might make it easier, but it didn't. I know. I'm sorry. But you see, you and your stepmother were so close. She made you laugh like nobody else, and I didn't want anything to get in the way of that. She said the same thing. Life is full of choices. You make them and hope for the best. Sometimes you're right, and sometimes you're not. I made a mistake. I still don't understand why the Prophets would send you a vision of Sarah. Well, from here on out, I hope the Prophets keep their noses out of my business. Just my gumbo recipe, but I'm taking that to my grave. [Promenade] Beautiful night, isn't it? You thinking about Sarah? I know you do. I came out to give you this. (a locket on a chain) It was Sarah's. I want you to have it. I think she would have, too. There's some kind of writing on the back. (Sisko takes it under the door light to see.) What's the matter? What does it say? I still don't understand why Sarah would have a locket with Bajoran writing on it. I don't recall her ever mentioning Bajor to me. What is it? Sounds like you've reached a dead end. But it could be anywhere. Where do you begin to look? Today's special is shrimp creole. Ah, actually, it's barbecued shrimp. (Sisko and Jake enter.) Excuse me. Where were you? They told me you were released from the hospital two hours ago. And the Bajoran that attacked you, who was he? I don't suppose I can talk you out of going to Tyree. I figure you can handle them. But if the cult knows you're looking for the Orb of the Emissary, chances are the Pah wraiths do as well. And that does worry me. [Quark's] (A Klingon ship is leaving.) I am going on vacation. To Tyree. Apparently it runs in the family. Oh, nothing I hate more than turning away a customer. (He pulls back the net curtain to reveal a petite brunette Trill Ensign.) I'm sorry, we're closed. Oh, you're in luck. (opens the door) Five more minutes and he'd have been gone. (Sisko is at the piano again.)
Sarah was your mother. Some accident. The main thing is the control panel's all cleaned up, so if one of you would like to get back into the pilot's seat, it would sure make me feel better. Not that I don't trust the computer. Do you need to lie down? Well, it's time for my nap. (Joseph leaves.) And miss all the excitement? Not a chance. (gasping) Never better. [Dominion briefing room] We started this together and we'll finish it together. I owe it to Ben. (On a steeper slope, Joseph stumbles.)
(older, stouter) They're from Starfleet. The uniforms have changed, or have I just forgotten what they looked like? My name is Joseph. Vinod's the one playing with the sharp object. Our group was on its way to settle on Gemulon Five over ten years ago when our ship developed life support problems, and we had to land here for repairs. We've been stuck here ever since, and I guess you are too now. After ten years, this is our home. Well, we still do. Come, we'll show you. Vinod, run ahead and tell your mother we have guests. Come. [Compound] (A former spaceship is the main building. The people are in simple home-made clothes for agrarian living.) Commissioned the Santa Maria. Now, we just call it the Cabin. Alixus, meet Ben and Miles. A runabout. Is that some kind of new Starfleet vessel? I was the engineer aboard the Santa Maria. On Deep Space Nine? Without a functional tricorder, it was virtually impossible to track down the source. We threw it away. Well, since none of it worked, to us it was merely useless junk taking up space. Well, we all had to abandon our dependence on technology. Removing every trace of it, well, that made the transition easier. I was the last convert. But as time passed, I realised Alixus was right. She was helping us discover a new philosophy of life together, because we needed one to survive. And I'll tell you, every one of us is better for it. We're more committed to each other. We are truly a part of each other's lives. We've renewed a sense of community that man left behind centuries ago. The new herb doesn't seem to be helping at all. Please. We've searched everywhere for the right fungus or root that would draw out the infection. Do you really think you could? What? Why? A botanist? Really? Maybe you'll bring her someday. That's okay too. (A man is being released from a metal box out in the glare of the sun. He's shaking and cannot stand on his own.) Get him into the shade. (O'Brien and Sisko go to the box then follow Joseph and the group to a shaded area) [Compound] Here, Stephan, chew these. They'll help you regain your strength. He stole a candle. Since yesterday. Alixus, I'm sure he only wanted to get to the medical equipment that might have saved Meg's life. Miles? What are you doing here? With what? There's nothing I can do, so please don't ask me. We told you there are astetine deposits. And you want me to look the other way while you leave? Miles Then it was no accident we developed life support problems near this planet. Miles, this is our home. Whatever Alixus may be guilty of, she did give us our community. I'm not sure if we'll leave the device on or off now that we know it's there. And we'll have to decide if we want to establish contact with the outside world. But Alixus is right. We have found something here that none of us is willing to give up. Come. Come. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
It'll be good to have you home again, Benjamin. You actually thought I was one of them, didn't you? This business has got you so twisted around you can't think straight. Take a look at what? Lights. Jake, it's been four days since the power outage. Have you seen any Dominion invasion fleet? Neither have I. Besides, at my age, I don't have time to waste sitting at home being bored. Oh, I've got plenty of customers. Just look outside. And I bet not one of them has had a good meal in four days. Now you do your grandfather a favour and start chopping up the okra. [Sisko's office] (Later, the Bolian Academy Commandant is on the wall monitor. Odo is keeping out of sight.) What did I tell you? As human as I ever was. (Joseph goes off to the patio area where Sisko is having his meal.) Is there a problem with that? That was before the changelings sabotaged the power grid. I don't understand you. When I didn't want to be tested, you made it an issue. Now that I'm cooperating, you're still not satisfied. Then what is it? You two talk. I'll go chill some tube grubs. (Joseph leaves) I recognise that look. The one you're wearing. The one that says, something's bothering me and I don't know what to do about it. You want to tell me about it? Oh, I see. It's a Neffie Beumont kind of thing. Not that you'd admit it. You just sat around for weeks, brooding and pining away, trying to sort it all out, until your old man finally sat you down one day and gave you some advice. And the next day, you finally went over to young Neffie's house and asked her out. But at least you weren't brooding anymore. And when Zoey Phillips moved into the neighbourhood a few weeks later, you asked her out before her parents were done beaming in the furniture. Exactly. Don't mention it. Make sure you turn out the lights on your way out. I wonder what ever happened to Zoey Phillips? The streets are going to seem emptier with them gone. oh, if they'd stayed, it wouldn't be Earth anymore, would it? It didn't seem right, all those phasers everywhere. Worried? I'm scared to death. But I'll be damned if I'm going to let them change the way I live my life. I'm going to miss you, son. You too, Jake-o. Feels like you just got here. Then you'll just have to open one. This is my home. Take my medicine. I know. Is he always such a mother hen? Take care of yourself. That's all I can ask. Well, what are you waiting for? Come in, have a seat. Today I'm recommending the pasta boudin. It's got a bit of a kick, but it will make you smile. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Well, it certainly is big. (Kira leaves.) I heard about Quentin Swofford. I'm sorry. I didn't come here to be entertained. I came to see you and Jake. Well, I figured it was now or never. Besides, I've been worried about you. Last couple of times we've talked it seemed like you were carrying the weight of the entire Alpha Quadrant on your shoulders. Just say it, son. So what do you want to do? I see. No one is indispensable, son. Not even you. Whatever decision you make, I'll support. Of course, if Quentin Swofford was here I'd bet he'd have a few things to say to you. I'd say you have some thinking to do, and I've got a dinner date with my grandson, so you'd better get to it. (A man in a 1950's suit walks past the door. It's Rene Auberjonois.) Who? Thank God. Visions? Does this have something to do with those Prophets you're always telling me about? Seemed like forever to me. How're you feeling, son? I'm done packing. Transport leaves at eight in the morning. I've got to get back to the restaurant. My customers have never gone this long without me. The question is, what are you going to do? I have fought the good fight. I have finished the course. I have kept the faith. I'm full of surprises, aren't I? And so are you. Sounds like that dream you had helped you sort things out. That's a scary thought.
Wait until you see the size of the eggplant I'm getting out of my garden this year. As big as Crenshaw melons and twice as heavy. (Everyone say Hi! to  Brock Peters, previously seen as Admiral Cartwright.) I sent her home to Portland. Your sister's got her own life to worry about. Besides, she never puts enough cayenne pepper in the jambalaya. Which means she has no business in the kitchen. It'll be good to have you home again, Benjamin. Jake too. Whatever you do during the day is your business. But at dinner time, you better get yourself down to New Orleans. No son of mine is going to eat that replicated slop Starfleet calls food. Not if I have anything to say about it. Oh, let's not start that again. The doctors say I am a medical marvel. At the rate things are going in another year or two I won't have an original organ left in my body. They'll write me up in the medical books. Just point me in the direction of a party and a pretty girl and I'll show you how good I feel. Make sure you call me as soon as you and Jake get here. Your rooms are always waiting and ready for you. This is one beautiful fish. Seems a shame to eat a trout this pretty. Why, you should thank me for the privilege of simply looking at it. Well, go on, take a bite. It won't bite you back. Now, I don't want to see anybody studying the dessert menu. If you order anything but the bread pudding soufflé, you'll be making a mistake you will regret the rest of your lives. Benjamin! Jake-o. When are you going to stop growing? If you keep this up, you'll be bumping your head on that alligator before too long. I had to stop doing that. It got to be too much trouble wrestling it back up to the ceiling every morning. Come on. I'll get Nathan to bring you both something to eat and we can catch up. Nathan, some gumbo for these fine young men. So, where's this shape-shifting fellow you were coming with? I don't blame him. I haven't seen people so nervous since the Borg scare. Me, personally, I'd like to meet him. Though I have to admit, I'm a little suspicious about anyone who doesn't eat. I ate before you got here. Son, don't look at me that way. You think so? Don't you start, too. I have a vat of crayfish in the back that needs cleaning and it's got your name on it. Now I'm going to say this one time and one time only. I am fine. I'm happy, I'm healthy, and I'm planning on celebrating at least fifty more birthdays. Satisfied? Starfleet must be taking the shape-shifters pretty seriously to have you come all the way back here. Twenty seven people murdered right here on Earth. Never thought I'd see the day. But now that my son's on the case, I feel a lot better. I've been thinking of adding them to our menu. Of course I'll have to cook them for my human customers, serve them with a nice remoulade. Good night. You come back soon. Come on, Ben. I've got a nice bottle of cognac I've been saving for a special occasion, and I think this qualifies. Well, look who's here. Come in, stranger. You want to tell me about it? You'd think that Admiral could spare you for a few hours a day to visit your father. With you in San Francisco and Jake off visiting that school in New Zealand, it's like the two of you aren't even here. Don't start that again. Earth's my home. It's where I belong. Besides, what would happen to the restaurant if I went gallivanting around the galaxy? You think Nathan can handle this place on his own? The man's an idiot. He's lived in New Orleans twenty years and can't tell the difference between Creole food and Cajun food. Ben, at my age, staying healthy is a full time job, and I am too old to work two jobs. Now, how long until you're due back at Starfleet Headquarters? Just enough time to take a walk to Audubon Park. You up for a stroll with your old man? Nathan, don't forget to stir the gumbo. [Starfleet HQ] (A seagull lands and morphs into Odo) (in the kitchen area) What did you think would happen? Storming in here and accusing me and my grandson of being a couple of shape-shifters. That's the most ridiculous thing I ever heard of. Do you believe that? Now why would you go and do a stupid thing like that? Jake, do you think I'm a shape-shifter? Answer the question. At least somebody in my family has some sense. I don't want to hear about it. You take these two vampires and tell them to either sit down and grab a menu or get out of my restaurant. I don't want to hear it. (Sisko joins Joseph in the kitchen.) Why should I? If I were an enemy spy looking to replace someone, I think I could come up with better choices than an old chef. I'm not living on a Starfleet installation. You may want to test everyone, but that doesn't mean we all have to cooperate. I didn't take an oath to Starfleet. Neither did Jake or your sister or anyone in your family. We have rights, Ben, including the right to be as stubborn or thickheaded as we want. I wish I could, but what you're asking me to do is wrong. You can't go around making people prove they are who they say they are. That's no way to live and I'm not going to go along with it. Now, if you want to make yourself useful, start some water boiling for the shrimp. And what? Hold me down and force me to give you my blood? Because that's the only way you'll get. Damn it. Now look what I've done. (Joseph has cut his finger with his chopping knife. He puts it under the tap as Sisko stares at the blood left on the knife.) Jake? I've got a dermal regenerator under the. Benjamin Lafayette Sisko. What the hell has gotten into your head? You actually thought I was one of them, didn't you? This business has got you so twisted around you can't think straight. You're seeing shape-shifters everywhere. Maybe you ought to think about something for a minute. If I was a smart shape-shifter, a really good one, the first thing I would do would be to grab some poor soul off the street, absorb every ounce of his blood, and let it out on cue whenever someone like you tried to test me. Don't you see? There isn't a test that's been created a smart man can't find his way around. You aren't going to catch shape-shifters using some gadget. The only thing you can count on in this life is (Joseph gasps in pain.) Enjoy your meal. Your food'll be right out. (Then Joseph sits down at Jake's table.) What's that look supposed to mean? You're damn right I sat down. I feel terrible. Jake, the only time you should be in bed is if you're sleeping, dying, or making love to a beautiful woman. I'm not tired, I'm not dying, and the truth is I'm too old for beautiful women, so I might as well be here. Your father's the one you should be worried about. I've never seen him so tense. It's like he's carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders. I suppose he is at that. (The lights go out.) What happened? I'm not sleeping. I'm checking my eyelids for holes. Take a look at what?
You did what? You mean you didn't leave my grandson at the mercy of a vicious, bloodthirsty enemy? Then it's certainly just as bad as it sounds. Oh, so now you're going to blame this on Jake. I don't care who's responsible. It's wrong and I want him back. You think he's all right? When? Tell them you want to go get your son. All right. It's been three weeks since I've poisoned anyone. Are things really as bad as the news service claims? Well you certainly know how to comfort a frightened old man. I raised you to be a chef, for all the good it did me. You know, there's something I just don't understand. You're always telling me that space is big, that it's an endless frontier filled with infinite wonders. Well if that's the case, you would think it would be more than enough room to allow people to leave each other alone. I'd better be going. The lunch crowd's coming in. You watch yourself, Ben. And bring me back my grandson. I love you.
