Kobliad transport Reyab to any ship. Our central power linkage exploded. We're losing life support. Please respond. What happened? The pilot is dead. No. Don't open that. The prisoner I was transporting, he started the fire to escape. No. Stop! Don't! [Cell] (A figure on the floor, and flames all around) Wait. Don't go in there. He's dangerous. Where am I? Ty Kajada, Kobliad Security. DS Nine? But that's where he was going. Where is he? Where is Vantika? You're certain. Where's his body? I want to see it. Now! [Stasis room] (The body is pulled out of it's cabinet) Are you sure it's the same body? Have you run a retinal imaging scan? To confirm that there is no residual activity in the visual cortex. He's faked his death more times than I can tell you. And the last time someone thought he was dead, they didn't live to regret the mistake. That description doesn't do justice to the horrors he's responsible for on my world. He's quite brilliant in his way. A man of science who killed others to prolong his own life. I've tracked him for twenty years. (She stabs the corpse) Please perform an autopsy. I want his identity confirmed with a DNA reference scan. And have someone scan my ship. I want to make sure there are no anomalous life forms on board. Very sure. [Quark's] Oh, it's possible. Vantika did the exact same thing on Rigel Seven. [Ops] I know Vantika. I've learned to think as he thinks. He's alive. And he's on board this station. And his first thought when he came on board was to plan a way to access your security files on the deuridium shipment, which is exactly what he's done. But you would never consider locking out the active memory of your entire system. So that's where you're vulnerable. In the past, he's used a subspace shunt. It would be attached to a secondary system, something that runs through the entire facility but isn't covered by security. Tell them to be careful. Vantika undoubtedly equipped the shunt with an auto-destruct system. I know Vantika. Then you're making a fatal mistake. Don't patronise me, Commander! Rao Vantika is obsessed with his own survival. He's prolonged his life with the use of drugs, cryogenics, transplants. As a medical supervisor in a high security penitentiary, he used prisoners for his illegal experiments in cellular longevity. He's organised raids on government labs to steal bio-regenerative research. I promise you when he started that fire on board my ship, he had a plan to survive. I'm not sure what that plan was, but I'm convinced it succeeded. You wanted to see me? I have trouble sleeping. Last night was particularly bad I used an alpha wave inducer to help me. The scan results, Doctor. They must have overlooked something. The computer security codes have been changed. I've been denied access. Why? What kind of fool are you? I'm the only one here who has experience with Vantika. When is the shipment scheduled to arrive? What about this Ferengi, Quark? From what I understand, he has his hands into everything around here. Is he under surveillance? I hope so. Because he's exactly the kind that Vantika would use in his plans. [Quark's cafe] (A secret meeting in the dark) Pushed. Vantika. Doctor Bashir I'm so sorry for all of this. There was no way for you to control what he was doing to you. It wasn't you. It was that. (The container) May I assume that you've returned custody of the prisoner to me, Commander Sisko? Good. (So she fires at the container, completely vapourising it) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
