Yes. That is exactly what it means. I have found the Albino. (And Michael Ansara. We have the original three all in one place.) [Dax's quarters] (Four drinks are replicated, but only Kor takes a glass.) I have never sat with you before today. So, you are the same Dax who took a blood oath with us to seek vengeance? Seven years ago, on Dayos Four, I met one of the Albino's discarded wives. I fed and clothed her. I told her the story of our sons. She still feared him and told me nothing. Three months ago, she died. A week afterwards, an amulet she wore around her neck was delivered to me by messenger. In it was the location of the Albino's sanctuary. I have confirmed it with traders who supply him. It is on the fourth planet in the Secarus System. He has been hiding there for nearly a quarter of a century. I have been told he only has forty men in his compound. Evidently he has become very lax in his waning years. They will never warn anyone ever again. This time, we will reach the Albino. And when we do, I will cut his heart out and eat it while he watches me with his dying breath. [Promenade - upper level] I did not know, of course. I did not want to risk contacting you by subspace. His ears that reach across the galaxy. I don't know how. Tell me about my friend Curzon. Did he die an honourable death? That's a pity. He was a good man. He deserved to die in battle. It pains me that I will never see him again in this life. Curzon Dax opened the door to peace. He was the first Federation diplomat I ever met who truly seemed to understand the Klingon nature. Would you eat from the heart of the Albino, Jadzia Dax? I know about the Trills during my long friendship with Curzon. And I know that each new host has no obligation to past commitments. The old Klingon ways are passing. There was a time, when I was a young man, the mere mention of the Klingon Empire made worlds tremble. Now, our warriors are opening restaurants and serving racht to the grandchildren of men I slaughtered in battle. Things are not what they used to be, not even a blood oath. What I believe is no longer relevant. You are released from Curzon's oath. You owe nothing to any of us. [Ops] Releasing you from Curzon's oath was not enough. I can see that now. No! I tell you now you will not be a part of this quest. [Quark's cafe] We cannot go into an enemy stronghold with your sickly chest announcing us. You try to speak as a Klingon but the words do not fit in your mouth. I do not care to discuss it any further. I almost killed Curzon that day. Curzon understood Klingons. I cannot dishonour myself by permitting you to die in Curzon's place. Are you trying to anger me again? Do you think the same trick would work twice?! All right, then! It worked! Come fight with us. Come and be damned. [Dax's quarters] (Dax is packing when the doorbell rings) The compound is constructed of riddinite. There are several walls that separate the main house from the rest of the grounds. The main power source is here. There is an armoury there. They are posted at standing intervals, seventy-five metres apart along the perimeter. That's what I'm told. Fine. It makes no difference. No! I will not sneak into his bedroom and murder him like a kah'plakt. I want him to see us coming. I say we make a direct attack boldly through the threshold. The guards will be too scattered to defend against us. We will overwhelm them to glorious victory. A Klingon warrior is always prepared to die. How could you say that? I took a blood oath with you. When the amulet arrived with the location of the Albino, I went to the Secarus system to see if it was true. Somehow, the instant I arrived the Albino knew I was there. He contacted me. He sent an invitation to one last glorious battle. He said he is tired of this lifelong pursuit. He swore to send forty of his strongest and most skilled men against us in honourable combat. And I agreed. Because this is our last chance. If we cannot reach the Albino, we can at least die an honourable death trying to reach him. A death a Klingon Dahar Master deserves. I know the Albino's defences. There is no chance of victory here. How do you intend to disarm them all? You're certain such a thing could be done? We would also be unable to use our disruptors. But who among them could match our skills with the bat'leth? Perhaps it is a good day to live! [Forest] (The compound is a castle, with battlements and revetments. Dax has been using her tricorder.) That's right. We would be wise to shut down his sensor array before we attack. It's controlled from this power station. Agreed. (Koloth finds a lookout amongst the bushes.) (Meanwhile, the main party has moved forward.) It seems this is best place for entry right here. It will be midday in one hour. Can you create the diversion in the armoury by then? We will be in position at the powerhouse May Kahless guide us on this day of vengeance. [Compound] (One guard gets his throat cut. Another gets the direct approach) Look upon your executioners, killer of children. Thank you for saving the death blow for me. You have honoured me one last time, godfather to my son. (Kor staggers amongst the corpses) Where is Koloth? I was right, Dax. It is a good day to die. (And does so.)
