This must be quite gratifying for you. But I've decided not to give you the pleasure of watching me die in this foul-smelling cavern. I intend to live. How long until we re-establish communications? Ten days. Third Remata'Klan, can you vouch for the loyalty of your men? Then receive this reward from the Founders. May it keep you strong. (He hands over one vial.) This case of White must last until we're rescued. At least ten days, possibly more. I will ration the supply. Don't worry. I am the Vorta. I will take care of you all. [Starfleet cavern] (A boulder is heated up by phaser fire in place of a camp fire, with the wet clothes laid over it. Garak is assessing the damage to O'Brien's uniform.) How many others are there in your unit? Excuse me, Mister Kamar, if that's really your name, but if you're one of our allies, why were you wearing this? (A Starfleet comm. badge.) I only have one further question for you. Is there a doctor in your unit? Don't be too hard on him, young man. He just saved your life. Take them to a secure area. Third, I have a mission for you. I want you to find the Starfleet unit. But do not engage them. Locate them, assess their strength, and then report back to me. No, you don't. But that's all right. It's not important that you understand, only that you carry out my instructions precisely. Yes. Yes, it does. Go. [Security office] Why were my orders disobeyed? Which man? I asked for his name. His name! Very well. I'll leave him to you. You've done well, Third. You may yet become First. Now, I have a new task for you. [Kira's quarters] Captain Sisko, my name is Keevan. We have a lot to talk about. They're not here to protect me. They've just never seen what the inside of a Vorta looks like. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is already awake, if she ever slept last night.) Ah, I am alive. Leave us, and take your men with you. (The Jem'Hadar leave.) May I have that case, please? (Bashir brings the Ketracel White box.) There are ten Jem'Hadar soldiers on this planet, Captain. (Keevan opens the box.) And that is the only vial of Ketracel White we have left. When it's gone, my hold over them will be broken and they'll become nothing more than senseless, violent animals. They'll kill everyone they can. Me, you, the rest of your men, and finally turn on each other. I'm ordering the Jem'Hadar to attack your base camp in the morning. But I will provide you with their precise plan of attack. You should be able to kill them all. Yes. That's a communications system. It needs repair, but I'm willing to bet that you've brought one of those famed Starfleet engineers who can turn rocks into replicators. He should have a lot more success at repairing it than a Jem'Hadar suffering from withdrawal. Once you've take care of the Jem'Hadar, I'll give you the comm. system and surrender to you as a prisoner of war. I see we understand each other. I'm going to order the Jem'Hadar to attack your position tomorrow regardless of whether you agree to my terms or not. So you can either kill them or they'll kill you. Either way, they're coming. [Starfleet cavern] (Sisko draws the map in the sand.) You know, Captain, if I'd had just two more vials of White you never would have had a chance.
Truer words have never been spoken. I'll advise you all to send final messages to your loved ones and make sure your wills are in order. Because the moment we leave this station, you'll have signed your death warrants. Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to take a nap. [Empok Nor Promenade] (Nog and Brunt come out of the airlock, and check out the area, followed by Rom and Gaila.) We certainly wouldn't want that to happen, would we? Believe me when I tell you I have nothing to be happy about. Vorta are supposed to commit suicide when they're captured. I failed to follow that rather harsh policy. After what is surely going to be a most unpleasant debriefing. By the time the Dominion is done with you, all you'll want is a quick death. Apparently not. I couldn't get the impulse engines online. Then why did you bother chasing me? Of course it's a trap. They're not here to negotiate. They're here to kill us all. I'm trying to save all our necks. Don't go out there. We must get back to the ship. Our only hope is to escape. I only wish I could be there with you. I hate Ferengi.
