Hi. Like I've been hit by a ten ton rock. Julian says I'll be on my feet tomorrow. How are you? You carry it well. You know, what you're doing for me, for us, I don't know how to thank you. I think I'll sit here a week. Did you see Kira today? I was thinking of inviting her to dinner. Even if she came every evening, it wouldn't be enough. I know I'm being selfish. I should be grateful that my baby's alive and well, but I shouldn't have to make appointments to be with my own child. Miles, what are we going to do? It's a good sign. Molly, I thought she was going to kick her way out of me. (Kira shifts uncomfortably.) It was so thoughtful of you to share this with us. Thank you, Major. So, any morning sickness? Well, I don't know how it is for Bajorans, but typically human mothers wake up feeling nauseous. Why? Have dinner with us. Nerys, you're having our baby. You're family now. It's just an idea. We don't want to pressure you. Go ahead. [Holosuite - Quark's bar] (Quark is enjoying a meal when Garak sneaks up behind him and snaps his neck. Quark falls face first into the plate.) Would you like to see your room? Welcome to your new home.
Forget it, Miles. They're just plants. It's not as if something happened to Molly or the baby. Good. What about Kira? Is she back yet? I didn't get a chance. Fine. And now it's time for me to tell you some news. I'm not Keiko. Listen carefully, Miles. I have taken possession of your wife's body. I will hold it hostage until you do everything I tell you do accurately, and without question. If you don't do precisely what I ask, I'll kill your wife. I see I'm going to have to give you a demonstration of my sincerity. (Keiko convulses and collapses.) No, Miles, you're not telling anyone. If you do, I'll stop her heart forever. She can hear whatever you have to say. (Keiko has a nosebleed) You're in no position to bargain, Miles. Strange, these corporeal bodies of yours. So fragile. Burst even a tiny blood vessel in the brain and every memory, every passionate emotion, gone forever. You shouldn't let me eat all of these by myself, Miles. Very well. Don't worry, Miles. All I want you to do is reconfigure some of the communication and sensor relays on the station. I can't tell you. [Turbolift] You know your wife well, Miles, but she knows you even better. I know you're just playing for time until you can get to your friends. Julian, Dax, Captain Sisko, I know they'll all want to help you. The Captain may even allow you to do what I'm asking. At least until someone figures out a way to trap me in some sort of stasis field or some other clever device you're already dreaming up. And you know what? It might work. You might be able to stop me. But I promise you one thing. If you do, Keiko will die. All I need is a split second to cause a massive brain haemorrhage and she's gone. I know this is a difficult adjustment for you to make, but we don't have a lot of time. How long is this going to take? You're the engineer. What is it, Miles? What do you want to ask me? You always tighten your brow just a tiny bit whenever you're about to ask a question. It's something only a wife would notice. Come in. (Bashir bearing a plant.) Miles! Don't be so rude. Ah, Bajoran spiny basil. How thoughtful. It's all right, Julian. I forgive you. Now, you are coming to the party tonight, aren't you? I can't believe I did that. I arranged a birthday dinner for you tonight, but I wanted it to be a surprise. Thanks, Julian. This was so sweet. It is your birthday. And raise suspicions? It's better if the dinner goes on as planned. Besides, Keiko went to a lot of trouble to arrange it for you. Now, you'd better get back to work. You don't want to be late for your shift briefing. And I've got a lot of cooking to do. [Wardroom] (Two humans, an alien and a Bajoran woman.) For Happy birthday, sweetheart. Single malt Irish whiskey. Neat. Molly wanted to wear her new purple shoes for you. Doesn't she look pretty? Now, all the food's set out on the table, so just relax with your friends and I'll pass these around. Not right now, Miles. We have guests. Dax! I was afraid you weren't coming. Pah-wraiths? Don't tell me you believe in wraiths? Well, the only thing I saw in the caves were some beautiful and botanically fascinating fungi. Maybe you will. You never know. That's terrific, Miles. We'll talk later. (O'Brien breaks the glass he's holding.) Miles, are you bleeding? Get a hold of yourself. You've done well, Miles. (She stops the bleeding) But recalibrating the optronic integrator was only a test. I had to be sure I could trust you. Tomorrow the real work begins. Now it's time to get back to our guests. We don't want to raise suspicions, do we? [O'Brien's quarters] (The party is over and there's half the cake left, but it gets disposed of anyway.) Is Molly asleep? The q'parol was a big success. We'll talk about it in the morning. It's late and you're working a double shift tomorrow. Miles, I make the rules. Now relax. Everything's going to be fine as long as you do what I ask. Don't be childish. What if Molly has one of her nightmares and comes running in? You'll sleep in bed with me, just like you always do. Don't be too late. You've got a busy day tomorrow. (Keiko goes into the bedroom.) Sleep well. (And by next morning he has slept so well he has his hand on her waist.) Another weakness of you corporeal lifeforms. Your need for physical intimacy. It's especially irritating in your young. I'll do it. You have a big day ahead of you. Do you really think that's wise? A little girl needs her mother. Molly would be lost without hers. Miles, I'd never do anything to hurt your daughter, unless you forced me to. These are your instructions. Follow them precisely. [Corridor] Miles! (Keiko falls from the upper level.) You were going to tell them about me. I know everything your wife knows and she knows you. I told you we have to trust one another. You violated that trust. Now look where it's led us. Then stop trying to fool me. How much more damage do you think this body can take? Now, no more tricks, agreed? Say it. Good. You know what you need to do. You should get back to work. You have thirteen and not a minute more. You're a very resourceful man. I'm sure you can find a way, for Keiko's sake. Tell Molly I'll be home soon. Tell her Mommy's fine. Don't scare her. Miles? Give me a kiss. (She pulls his head down.) I'm counting on you. (brushing Molly's hair) I hope we didn't interrupt anything important. She missed her mommy. Isn't that sweet? Oh, I'm sorry, sweetie. She's fine, Miles. She wants to know when you'll be finished. I told her you had to work another two hours, twenty two minutes and thirteen seconds. Good. We both miss you. (Transmission ends and O'Brien goes back to the main group.) Hold position here. Target the centre of the wormhole. Have us face the Temple. The blast'll last only a fraction of a second. They'll all be dead before they even see it. (WHOOSH) Oh, you have no idea how many centuries I've waited for this. Miles, you have a lot to learn about patience. Proceed. Activate. (The beam from DS9 hits the runabout.) [Runabout] (The beam zaps straight into Keiko instead of going on to the wormhole. She screams and finally collapses.) Miles? [Airlock] It was more like having something coiled around inside my head. I could see and hear through it, but any time I tried to do anything, it was like being stuck in sand and squeezed. Just feelings sometimes. Kind of a cold rage. I don't think it had any intention of leaving either one of us alive. It feels better to talk about it. Besides, I don't want to forget how hard you fought for me. [Quark's] (Breakfast time and Rom is exhausted.)
Too early for me It's so sweet. Since when did you become such an expert on jumja sticks? Did she? So, is she working out any better than the last one? I'm glad to hear her expertise doesn't end with jumja sticks . What? Just keeping you on your toes, O'Brien. Be careful who you share your jumja with. [Schoolroom] Now, as we discussed in yesterday's lesson, the wormhole was discovered by Commander Sisko and Lieutenant Dax earlier this year. Does anyone know what makes this wormhole so unusual? Jake? It's stable. That's right, Jake. It's the first stable wormhole known to exist. (A Bajoran religious woman enters) A stable wormhole is very important because it allows us to travel secure in the knowledge that neither end will shift locations. Who knows why the wormhole is stable? Because it was artificially constructed. Commander Sisko encountered the entities who created the wormhole when he Yes, on Bajor the entities are worshipped as prophets. Our studies of the wormhole have shown that it was formed by unique particles we call verterons that are apparently self-sustaining in nature. This begins to explain how a ship at impulse can safely pass through In a manner of speaking. Perhaps we should discuss this after class. I respect that the Bajoran people believe that it does. No, I don't teach Bajoran spiritual beliefs. That's your job. Mine is to open the children's minds to history, to literature, to mathematics, to science. You knew this was going to happen? The question is, how much support does she have on this station? You can't possibly believe teaching the facts about the wormhole amounts to blasphemy? I'm not going to let a Bajoran spiritual leader dictate what can or can't be taught in my classroom. I'm not teaching any philosophy. What I'm trying to teach is pure science. So it was an accident. Miles. Miles, can we go? Let's go. (Keiko hustles O'Brien off along the Promenade.) No. I can't run away from this now. What's this? (There's a crowd outside the schoolroom) Good morning. No. I'm sure the children and their parents are happy to hear you say that. Ignore it? And when we get to theories of evolution or creation of the universe, what then? I'm a teacher. My responsibility is to expose my students to knowledge, not hide it from them. The answer is no. Miles!
Miles. Didn't you bring the holocam? You said you were going to. Last night, when we were going over the list in bed. (Keiko removes PADDs and papers from the console.) You talked to me for a half hour. What's this? Our first vacation in five years and you brought technical update manuals? She likes the Petersons more than she likes us. She's fine. How many did you bring? Tech update manuals. Do these chairs recline? You're an engineer. Do something about it. I'll make it worth your while. I can't. They're jamming all subspace frequencies. Arrest? We are Federation citizens and we have rights. Miles! Miles! No! (The Cardassians beam out with O'Brien, leaving one with Keiko.) Miles! Miles! [Cardassia] In the meantime, my husband is being violated by them. Every shred of his humanity is being violated. Isn't that true? Damn it, don't lie to me! They're torturing him as we sit here. You don't know how many times Miles spoke to me about this, what the Cardassians did to the prisoners they took at Setlik Three, what they were like when they came back. The thought of it, it disgusted him, it scared him. We can't leave him there. How can we prepare for the trial if we don't know the charges? Yes. How can you schedule an execution before the trial even begins? I have no intention of testifying against my husband. We'll have other chances. It isn't over yet. Miles, you can't just Then the Maquis told you about Boone. He was surgically altered? But why did they want to frame Miles? I'm just glad it's all over. Perfect. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Hi. Thanks. (O'Brien takes the plates and puts them on the table) What? She's asleep. She and Rugal played all afternoon. He wore her out. Why not? I was with them all afternoon. He's not like that. He's really very gentle. You know, that was a very ugly thing you just said. I don't need to hear it twice. Rugal, dinner's ready. I hope you like it. (Rugal says his prayers first) I found some Cardassian recipes in the memory bank of our food replicator. It's a stew, made with Cardassian zabu meat. I thought Rugal might enjoy a dish that's popular on his own world. (The meat is turquoise. Keiko likes it, Rugal won't touch it, Miles tries it and doesn't like it. The two males have common ground.) [O'Brien's quarters] (Miles is working when Rugal comes in)
Ah, ah, ah, none of that. Goodnight, sweetheart. [O'Brien's quarters] Only if you're tucked in with me. What is it, honey? Who? What's wrong? (Enter the little man) Miles, what? Miles?
But Miles would never break the law intentionally. Can the memories that they implanted be removed? When can I see him? I understand. Miles? Oh, Miles. (They embrace.) Miles, what's wrong? That's right. Oh, Miles. It's all right. Everything's going to be all right. [O'Brien's quarters] (O'Brien is cutting his food up very small and dividing it into two piles on his plate.) Sure. Make sure to put your plate in the replicator, sweetie. It must be strange to suddenly have a family again. Talking about it with Counsellor Telnorri should help. Julian says you'll be seeing him for a while. Miles? What are you doing? I mean, with your food. That's horrible. Miles? (He's sleeping on the floor, so she gently puts the duvet over him.) [Quark's] (O'Brien is playing darts with Worf) Miles, Julian's been trying to contact you for an hour. Where have you been? I know, I heard. I'm sorry. I know how much your work means to you. I'm sure its only temporary. You'll be back at work before you know it. Miles, what are you doing? (Keiko picks up the crying Molly.)
I'm sorry. (They start again.) He's right, Miles. That's why it's important for us to keep the rhythm. He's the First Minister of Bajor. He's a very busy man. What's wrong? We're a hundred percent behind you, Nerys. Right, Miles? We await you with love. Be quiet. Does it look like she's joking? Out! [Corridor] You're doing great, Nerys. Kira said you can both come back in if you promise to behave. Will you two get in here! You're going to miss everything. (Shakaar and O'Brien try to go through the doorway together) [Birthing room] Oh, look at him, Miles.
Sure. Like what? Don't you? We don't? They can have the whole Gamma Quadrant for all I care. Miles, come with us.
How'd it go? (A very sweaty O'Brien slams down his racquet and slumps onto the settee) Good workout? Who are you talking about? You had a game? I'm sure he didn't see it that way. That's the point. You're not a kid anymore. It's nothing to be ashamed of. People just naturally slow down. Miles, you're taking this way too seriously. Win or lose, tonight we celebrate. Miles, wait. A silk handkerchief, medieval Japanese design, scented with my perfume. (She ties it around his head and they kiss.) Kick his butt. [Infirmary] (Bashir is doing press-ups)
I've already confirmed the appointment with Nurse Bandee. One more bite Arfillian Ficus and they're not trees, they're shrubs. Honey, we'll be fine. Stop worrying. Maybe it belongs in a museum then. Sounds good to me. Speaking of Julian. Have you told him about Starfleet's offer yet? Out of the mouth of babes.
Hello, Julian. Quark. Garak finished the alterations and sent these along. He guarantees the insoles will help your feet. That wasn't very convincing. I think she's actually enjoying it, Miles. You'd better press harder if you want her to suffer. Don't stop on my account. Home two hours early? You'd better watch it. I'll get used to this. You're such a bad liar. (Kira enters and breaks up a kiss.) Hi. Sit down. You look exhausted. Bad day? Miles, I think this woman needs one of your famous neck massages. I can see the tension in your muscles from here. Bajor? Wait a minute. You can't go alone. What if you go into labour? But he doesn't know for sure. Miles, maybe you should go with her. I can't go. I have a botanical pathology seminar tomorrow. But you said yourself things are slow in Ops. Miles Edward O'Brien, are you going to let the woman carrying your unborn child go on a trip all by herself? (Kira and O'Brien look panic-stricken.) Are you two fighting again? Good. Then it's settled. Miles, let's pack your bag. [Mess hall]
Hi, honey. Oh, good idea, sweetie. (Molly runs out again.) Look who's talking. What have you been eating since we've been gone? Well, say goodbye to the usual. I'm back and you're going to start eating right. No. [O'Brien's quarters] Of course, sweetie. I've already packed it. I don't think that would a good idea, sweetie. On second thought. All right, let's go. Like Chester. Yay, good one. (And off Molly runs to play.) That was a pretty big promise you made, Miles, just a second ago. What if the war heats up again and the station isn't safe anymore? Molly? Molly? Molly! (O'Brien goes into an outcrop of rocks.) [Cave] It's all right, sweetie. Shh, it's all right. I'm not going anywhere. You're okay, sweetie. Miles, I'm getting scared. You've been at it all day. Just tell me you're getting closer. She's just been looking forward to coming out here ever since I told her we were coming back to the station. Where's our baby? What? What does that mean? Molly? (The young woman panics and tries to run.) Maybe if you tried again you could pull her out when she was still a little girl. Miles, this is our Molly. Just because we missed the last ten years of her life doesn't give us the right to take those ten years away from her. She doesn't remember us. So what do we do? What happens then? Hello, Molly. (Molly gets into the tree.) Hi, Molly. Remember me? Mommy. (Molly crouches down to look up at them.) What is she doing? I brought you something. It's Lupi. She used to sleep right next to you on your pillow every night. She's missed you. Go on, take her. (Molly grabs the doll from Keiko.) You remember Lupi, don't you? (Later, O'Brien and Keiko sitting cross-legged and throwing a football between them.) May I have the ball? (O'Brien throws it to her.) Would you like the ball, Molly? (Keiko throws Molly the ball.) Julian said it would take a while. (O'Brien gets another ball out of a bag) This is a ball, Molly. Good girl! (Smiles all round.) Sorry I'm late. How does she keep from falling? Dax said she'll look after Yoshi until your shift's over. Miles. (Molly holds out her hand.) Do you want the brush, Molly? You can have it. (Molly takes Keiko's hand and sits down to have her hair brushed.) [Corridor] Molly, come on. Molly, Molly please. She's been like this for over an hour. I have to go. I have to pick up Yoshi and take him home. Molly? What are you trying to say? That's right. Molly. All right, we'll take you home. They're pretty, aren't they? Molly, Molly. Miles. I know, sweetie. We can't go there right now. Look, Miles, she's so happy. It must be confusing to her. One minute she's on a space station, the next minute she's running around outside. Okay. Ooo, look at this. (O'Brien opens the holosuite door. Quark is there with two Klingons.) Oh, pretty Molly. We have to go, honey. [Quark's cafe] (O'Brien almost has to drag Molly along.) Sweetie, we'll come back another day. I promise. (Molly breaks away and heads back to the holosuite. Quark grabs her.) Molly! Miles! What are we going to do? We've got to do something. We can't let them take her away. How can you say that? How can you just give up? You're planning something. Miles, I've known you a long time. You are planning something and you want to keep me out if it. Why? So we'll face them together. She's my daughter too. Don't argue with me. I am as stubborn as you. Now, what are we going to do? But that's the first place they'll look for her. They'll find her, unless. Unless we send her back through the portal into the past. But we'll never see her again. It's all in here. If you put her back in a holding cell, she'll die. Thank you. (Keiko kisses Odo.) Thank you. There's a knife and a blanket. Yes, that's right, sweetie. (And a hairbrush. O'Brien gets the portal working.) Mommy loves you, sweetie. Molly? If anyone can make Starfleet understand what you did, it's him. Yes, sweetie? Not for a while, honey. I wonder if she realised that the little girl she was looking at was herself. Ah, sweetie, it's lovely, just lovely. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Hi. I closed it. My last two Bajoran students left today. Their families relocated back to Bajor. That left Jake, Nog, and a lot of empty chairs. I told them I'd be happy to tutor them from now on. Two students are not enough to sustain a school. It's not your fault. Everyone's just afraid of the Dominion. People aren't going to be moving their families to the station anymore. That means no more children, which means no more school. Don't look so upset. It's not like I was planning to be a teacher for the rest of my life. I'm fine, really. (And goes over to another bonsai, because she's lying.) [Quark's] (Business is great, despite Odo standing there, arms folded.) What what's going on? Have I missed something? Well, it's not our anniversary or my birthday or I don't think I'm too familiar with that day. Too bad it only comes once a year. Really? What's the traditional celebration? Cake? Noisemakers? Fireworks? Sounds good to me. Hey, I just wanted to thank you for last night. It was wonderful. I'll be here. (She sits on the settee, sadly, and he leaves.) [Quark's] (Quark is checking his takings when a figure in a cloak enters.) I've never understood what people see in that game. Don't they ever get sick of it? On Bajor? How long is this expedition supposed to last? I can't leave you and Molly for six months. When we moved here, we made an agreement. And I'm not trying to back out of that agreement. Don't let this business about the school make you feel guilty and I made a promise to stay with you and make this work.
Not true. That's not true. You decided and asked me to agree with it. That's exactly what I'm saying. That's not fair either. You'd have to give up your promotion. I wish I knew the right thing to do. I'm just lost here. Starfleet doesn't need a botanist on this station. And ships going to explore it and I'm not on any of them. I don't need favours from you. I just need to be useful. Do you really want to raise your daughter in this place, Miles? And they were just looking for trouble. Those kids have no reason to be hanging around the Promenade. This isn't like a starship, Miles. The kind of freedom children have on the Enterprise just won't work on a space station. There are too many ways to get into serious trouble here. What this place needs is a school. [Commander's office] That's not exactly true, Jake. There are twelve other children on board, ranging from eight to sixteen. The problem is there's no structured activity for them. Don't you miss the schools you used to go to, Jake? You know, I've never actually been a teacher, Commander, but it's something I've always thought about doing. Some space. Computers? I know I'll have to come up with an innovative programme But I can't imagine any parent not welcoming the news of a school opening here. Thank you, Commander. (Keiko leaves) Not just Federation. I'm developing a curriculum that will take a much broader approach. I understand you employ a work-study approach, Mister Rom, with apprenticeships in a wide range of business and economic fields. I'm sure I couldn't improve on what you've already taught him in that department. Exactly. Consider the advantage your son will have over other Ferengi once he's learned about other cultures, once he learns how others run their economies, conduct business, negotiate. Knowledge is power, Mister Rom. Why not? So? Let him try it for a few weeks. He has nothing to lose and so much to gain. Will you at least think about it? In a semi-circle here, facing the module. That's right. Thank you. I've been getting ready for school tomorrow, honey. I wish you could. At least I'd know one student would be coming. But you have to wait a year or two. We'll be ready in time. In time for what, I'm not sure. Aside from Commander Sisko, we haven't had a firm commitment from any of the parents. What's this? Help Mommy to open her present, Molly. Come on, pull. (It's a school bell) Oh, Miles. Thank you. Computer what time is it? I guess you were right. It isn't going to be easy. Please, come in. Take any seat. Try to be on time from now on. My name is Keiko O'Brien, I'll be your teacher. Why don't we turn on our computers and access the files on Bajor to find out a little bit more about the people and history of this world? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Hi. (Molly gets a hug, Keiko gets a long, lingering kiss.) The one good thing about going away is coming home. Surprise. Yeah. I thought you'd be happy. I mean, we talked about it and decided we'd start trying. I guess we just got lucky this time. Miles? I suppose Julian has one, too. You two certainly spent a lot of time in the holosuites. Remind me to thank Julian next time I see him. I don't think it works that way. You'd better brush up on your biology. Miles, I still have a lot of specimens I've got to catalogue for the survey. Oh, Miles, it's good to be home. I'm going to be working another few hours. If you want to go do something Miles, I promised I wouldn't say anything, but it's about Julian. I ran into him the other day and he seemed depressed. He'd never admit it, but he really misses you. Maybe you should go find him, you know, cheer him up a little. Very. Maybe two. Keiko to Doctor Bashir. Julian, it's about Miles. [Infirmary]
I had a lot of work to catch up on at school. Thought I'd get an early start. I have a dozen essays to read. It's just a phase, Miles. She doesn't mean it. Don't let it bother you. I don't know. Late. I didn't want to wake you. What did they have you doing? I'd better get going. That's okay, I'm taking her with me. Molly? There's something I want to show her. A Vulcan programme that teaches basic problem solving skills. I want to do it while her mind is fresh. See you later. [Security office] (Work is already underway on a wall panel) Hard day? You want to lie down before dinner? Er, Commander Sisko just called. Jake can't make it tonight. He isn't feeling well. Well, you know how it is with kids. He probably just ate too much junk on the Promenade after school. She's over at the Fredricksons spending the night. We'd better eat while the food's still warm. No problem. I'm just not in the mood. I had a hard day too. Fricandeau stew. You do. I just thought you'd appreciate one of your favourite meals. I know how you hate all that terrible food when you're away. A little endive salad, sweet flan for dessert. I just feel like having salad. I had a late lunch. (O'Brien picks at the stew) How is it? (He can't bring himself to eat any of it.) But you haven't eaten a bite.
Come in. (Sisko enters) Commander Sisko. Something's happened to Miles. They're dead. Tell me what happened. I want to see it. Thank you, Commander. I would like to be alone now. Major, I need to see Commander Sisko. It's very important. Thank you. [Commander's office] Watch. It's coming up in just a few seconds. Computer, freeze image. There. Do you see it? Exactly. Now look at the time index. That's right. Late afternoon. Miles never drank coffee late in the afternoon. It keeps him up all night. I know my husband. He never drinks coffee late in the day. I checked the data clip. It contained a spectroscopic analysis. The liquid in Miles' cup consisted of vegetable-based oils and caffeine. It's coffee all right. Yes, I am. And I want to know the reason why. Something Molly made for you. She painted it herself. Miles, he saved your life, you know. So what was it like spending all that time alone with him? Miles, you never drink coffee in the afternoon. You do? <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
Miles? Miles? I have had the worst trip. It looks like the medicine Doctor Bashir prescribed is working. It was a disaster. I thought it would never end. Me too. Ah. The Festival. Miles, what I really want to do is sleep. Miles, I didn't say I was going to. I just meant I could use some. No, you won't. You'll be disappointed and you'll start brooding and stomping around like an Andorian Bull. Miles, I've been making decisions all day long. You decide. Nice? My red dress? Really? No, it's just a little tight, that's all. All right. If it'll make you happy, I'll wear the red dress. Look, let's just try to enjoy the next two days. I'll change into something nice and we'll go to the Festival, okay? I'd rather stay here. I never thought I'd say this, but I kind of miss Quark's. The noise, the excitement, our table. That's so sweet. The terrain's rougher than we expected, and the ecosystem's a lot more diverse than it looked from the orbital scans. All in all, it's been pretty gruelling. Don't get me wrong, I'm having a wonderful time. There is one problem I have to talk to you about. It looks like the project's taking longer than we hoped. You have to understand, Miles. Every valley has an entirely different ecosystem. There's a lot of work to be done. I'm not sure. More like two or three months. It's either that or ask them to find another botanist. Are you asking me to resign? I don't like this any more than you do. Oh, I'm sorry. I suppose you'd be happier if I was miserable? Sebarr was right. I never should have mentioned it. He's one of the zoologists I'm working with. He warned me not to talk to you about this until after the Gratitude Festival. He's a friend. We are working. Miles, you're behaving like a child. What do you want me to say? Miles, right now I don't even want to sit at the same table with you. What do you think? Did you really mean it about turning in your resignation? You'd better get it back before Commander Sisko sees it. It was nice of you to offer. (they kiss) I love you so much. (Quark enters with food.) Are you all right? So you're sure Doctor Bashir said your test results were negative? Oh. I guess that means you don't have a latent attraction to me after all. I was paying attention. You've still have the touch, O'Brien. See you in a few months.
