Your photograph doesn't do you justice. You're quite striking in person. Weyoun's report on you was right. You are direct. I like that. So let me cut to the chase. I believe that is the correct expression. This is our ship. We want it back. Captain, I'm a little disappointed. That's the attitude of a thief, not a Starfleet captain with a reputation for integrity. This is clearly our property. What gives you any claim to it? A very interesting position. But I'm afraid the Dominion doesn't recognise that tradition. What may be even more to the point, we have you completely surrounded and outnumbered. Would you like something to eat, Captain? Or maybe something to drink? [Jem'Hadar ship corridor] (A Jem'Hadar beams in and shrouds himself.) [Crash site] (A Jem'Hadar brings a small tray with nibbles and a cup and a flask on it.) These are q'lavas. A personal favourite. They're not poisonous, if that's what you're thinking. I hope you're not teaching Jake to be this suspicious, Benjamin. Or do you prefer Ben? I'm sure it's my fault that we seem unable to establish an understanding between us, Captain. I'm sorry I'm not more experienced in these matters. This is my first mission outside the Dominion and my very first dealing with anyone from the Federation. I know you have no reason to trust me, but I hope you'll at least try to consider my offer with an open mind. If you'll leave our ship, I'll take you and your crew back to your space station unharmed. Our accommodations may not be lavish, but I promise you'll all be well cared for, especially your wounded. Sending the Jem'Hadar into the ship was a mistake and I apologise. I trust no one was hurt? But what choice did I have? Just like you have to protect the lives of your men I have to protect our (pause) property. But I do hope we can put that behind us and move on. I'm sure it's obvious by now there's something on the ship we want. You allow me and my men to retrieve the item, we'll leave. You can keep the ship. I'm afraid I can't do that. I'd like to, Captain, But I can't. Not under these circumstances. There's simply too much at stake for us. It seems we're approaching an impasse. How unfortunate. Then negotiations have ended. (Kilana beams out. Sisko runs back to the hatch just before the first whumph! The shells keep falling at regular intervals now.) [Jem'Hadar ship Command centre] They're dead. They killed themselves. You should've trusted me. I regret saying that, but my offer was genuine. All that mattered to me was the Founder. You might have killed him or made him a hostage. And I was willing to let you take it. So, this is how it ends. I have no way of stopping you from taking the ship. All I ask is that you allow me to remove some of the Founder's remains. Do you have any gods, Captain Sisko? Duty? Starfleet? The Federation? You must be pleased with yourself. You have the ship to take back to them. I hope it was worth it.
