Watch it! Watch it! This is the last IP. We are losing him! Hey, you! Give me a hand. Come on! Come on! I've got to get some plasma for this guy. Keep an eye on him for me. I'll be right back. (The wounded man grabs Jake's shirt and tries to sit up. Now he's got blood on him. [Cavern - main ward] (Jake is at one end of the stretcher, Kirby at the other.) Wait, wait, wait. This way. Over there. Watch it! Watch it! Nice catch. Here you are, sir. A nice private room with a view. One, two, three. (The patient is dumped onto the bed.) Well, you can count. You're hired. Let's get you dressed. [Cavern - Triage area] Come on. Let's get him out of here. (Kirby and Jake carry the body to the morgue. It is packed with filled body bags.) [Cavern - main ward] (And so they continue moving patients around, living and dead.) So soon? Yeah. Doctor Kalandra's looking for you. Something about that aortal graft you did. I put your tray back in the replicator. I didn't know how long you'd be gone. It's good to see you've got your appetite back. Don't worry about it. Same thing happened to me my first day. You know what I heard? That ship Starfleet sent, the Farragut? The Klingons intercepted it. It won't be here for days, and in the meantime we're looking at a ground war which is just what the Klingons want. According to a lieutenant I talked to, they've got so many transport scramblers online that we can't beam troops anywhere. He says the Klingons have been shooting them out of the sky left and right. Unless something changes, he figures the Klingons'll take the settlement the day after tomorrow. Did you see all the bat'leth wounds today? Klingons get mad, they forget about their disruptors, go hand to hand. If you ask me, they're looking to get even for what happened on Ganalda Four. They had to retreat. Klingons hate that. Don't be so sure. Medical personnel are fair game as far as Klingons are concerned. They'll even kill wounded right in their beds. They think they're giving them an honourable death. So, how'd you wind up here? You're a journalist? What does that mean? Kidney failure. He's going into renal shock. It lets out beyond the perimeter. I'll show you. [Planet surface] (Jake and Bashir come out of a cave in their 'normal' clothes into bright sunlight.) (to a patient) How are you feeling? Jake! Jake, we thought you were This is great. What happened? He's in IC for the night. He's got plasma burns on his arm and shoulder. I don't know how he managed, but he carried the generator back here by himself. We went looking for you right after the shelling stopped. There was hardly anything left of the runabout. The whole place was nothing but bomb craters and smoke. We had pretty much given up hope. You're lucky you didn't get picked up by the Klingons. Word is, they're massing to attack the compound. You want to see him? He's awake, I was just in there. Go ahead, he'll be glad to see you're okay. [Cavern - Intensive care] All right, you two. Visiting hours are over. Let me have a look at that. (Kirby checks where Burke hit Jake.) [Cavern - staff room] I guess that means I have to decide. Whether I'd rather get hacked to bits or blasted by a disruptor. Decapitation has its virtues. Nice clean blow with a sharp bat'leth. What do you think, Jake? Of course not. There's nothing funny about having your throat slit I was just kidding. Are they inside the compound? That tunnel is almost two kilometres long. We have over seventy patients to move. Do you know how long that's going to take? Two guards, is that it? Great, one's leaving. Anyone left back there? Go! Go! (The guard is shot and the Klingons are in the ward.)
