Federation vessel. This is the Imperial Klingon Ship Korinar. We are engaged in military exercises in this area. You will alter course and return to Bajoran space immediately. You have been given a warning according to interstellar agreements. You will not receive another. This is IKS Drovana to USS Defiant. We do not require assistance at this time. Do not approach us. Drovana to Defiant. We need access to your medical facilities. Stand by. Defiant, your offer is accepted. [Corridor]
Bow before the Regent! According to our reports, it's of unknown classification and carries an impressive weapons array. Some kind of improved photon torpedoes, multi-targeting phaser banks. Within two days. I'm telling you. He stole it from me while I was feeding him. Regent! The key, sir. Somehow it fell into my boot.
General Martok! What is this? This looks like some sort of weapon. Found what? A what?
Victory. (bad picture) I believe the Captain has gone insane. He executed two more crew members, charging them with attempted mutiny. Medical Officer ... quarters ... violence is being caused by those telepathic energy spheres we brought back from Saltah'na. Believing him to be the Captain's spy, I slit his throat. We have ... battle for decks ... through twelve. Armoury ... in the hands of Captain Tel-Peh, ... my death. But I ... confident ... gain control of the ship. I am weakened by my wounds. My enemies are moving in. I am [Commander's office] (Doorbell) Still ... able to hide a thalmerite device under ... beam near the reactor ... deck twenty-six. Rather ... taken prisoner, I will blow up this ship and transport to safety. Perhaps medical officer Kee-Bhor was correct. Our ... began when we opened those energy spheres. All I know is that Captain Tel-Peh must die. Journal closed. First Officer's journal, day twenty two. Exploration of the fifth planet turned out to be a waste of time. This world is not worthy of a Klingon colony. All we found were a collection of energy spheres which possess some type of telepathic archive. The spheres described an ancient power struggle that destroyed a race called the Saltah'na. We will forward these results to our science division. [Commander's office] (Sisko is putting his clock together)
Stop where you are.
I'm sorry, ma'am. We were not informed you had left the station. (backing away and bowing) We were on standard patrol when your vessel seemed to appear out of nowhere. If you will allow us to withdraw, we will escort you back to the station. (The Klingons beam out) [Corridor] I was as close to her as I am to you. She cannot be an imposter. Intendant, Garak is here with the prisoner. You men come with me. [Access tunnel junction] (Bashir finds O'Brien working on a panel.)
Ka'vek! What is this Founder doing here? Don't change form in my presence again. Your hands are stained with the blood of Klingon warriors. P'tak! (The Klingon draws his dagger, so Laas morphs a sword blade.) Ke'chaw! (The Klingon stabs Laas but of course does no harm. Odo drags him away but a second Klingon gets impaled on Laas' blade.) No! [Captain's office]
