Our disruptor targeting sensors need to be replaced as well as our guidance system relays. All decks report ready. Defence systems online. Engine room standing by. Transporter room reports that our last crewmembers have beamed aboard. Welcome, Dahar Master. [Quark's] To General Martok, victor of Felton Prime! Let me have the honour to welcome the Dahar Master to the humble mess hall of the Ch'Tang. You were at Caleb Four? We would be honoured if you would tell us about Caleb Four. Bridge to General Martok. We are approaching Trelka Five. Defence Condition One. All hands to battle stations. Repeat, all hands to battle stations. [Corridor] Their shields are down to sixty five percent. Three Cardassian cruisers are in spacedock, orbiting the far side of the planet. Two of them are getting underway. The Malpara and the Ning'tao have completed their attack. (A Cardassian blows one of them out of the sky.) The Malpara is gone. No survivors. Ning'tao is heading out of the system. The Cardassians are pursuing. They've dispatched damage control teams. Two defence batteries are out and they've just dropped their primary shield grid. Shields are down to eighty five percent! Chah Veh! The Orantho reports their captain and first officer are dead. They have a hull breach on their port quarter. To Kang? Sir, Kang has been dead for years. Orantho and Slivin have cloaked. No pursuit from Trelka Five. I thought it was a Federation outpost. I think he's forgotten. How long should we wait? Bridge to General Martok. Pardon the interruption, sir. Our sensors have detected a large body of enemy ships. Their warp signatures are bearing directly astern. They're Jem'Hadar fighters and they appear to be pursuing us. I've identified ten vessels so far, and they're gaining on us. Two hours, twelve minutes. We would need to generate a massive burst to disrupt the warp fields of a fleet that size. They could reinitialise their warp cores in less than two minutes. The Ning'tao is closing on the enemy. She's initiated the graviton burst. Their warp fields are destabilising, They're dropping to impulse. All of them. The Ning'tao has dropped out of warp. She's engaging the enemy. We're approaching the limit of our sensor range, but it appears that the enemy formation has collapsed. The Ning'tao is manoeuvring rapidly. She's taking heavy fire from the Jem'Hadar. I've lost contact. He's done it. The Jem'Hadar are out of time. They can no longer overtake us before we reach the Defiant. QI'do' Sum, garI' do' QI'la.
