chay'pen Aha'bA? (The door is forced open from inside and a drunken warrior staggers out. John Colicos is under that forehead, everyone.)
Walls of fire on one side, rivers of lava on the other. We snaked our way through the hot, smoldering canyon, our skin so parched and blistered it was thick as armour. Kang and Koloth and I had set out with forty legions and now only we three remained to take on T'nag's army. Chanting a battle cry Koloth attacked their flank his eyes bulging with hate and revenge. It was a magnificent sight. A disruptor in one hand and his bat'leth in the other, I saw him kill two dozen men. I'll never forget Kang took the high ground and, keeping the three suns to his back, he forced the enemy to fight him against the blinding light. Who gets the credit is of no important. What matters is this, in the end the mountainside was covered with dead so that not a square metre of ground could be seen. We found T'nag's body by the river, its waters red with blood. Which of us had slain him, no one could say for certain. So we cut out his heart and all three of us feasted on it together. You need more bloodwine. Oh? Ah, Worf the traitor, the pariah, the lowest of the low. (big pause then a grin) It's a pleasure to meet you. Any enemy of Gowron and the High Council is a friend of mine. No doubt. Everything I have done pales in comparison to what I am about to achieve. I am on a quest. A quest for the most revered icon in Klingon history. An icon that predates the Klingon Empire, an icon more sacred than the Torch of G'boj More revered than Sabak's armour, and more coveted than the Emperor's crown! He guessed. I know where the Sword rests. Think of the glory, the honour of finding the bat'leth of the first Warrior King We? And a stout heart. Besides, it will annoy Gowron. Children will sing our names for a thousand years. They'll erect statues of us in the Hall of Heroes. This. (He pulls out an old cloth) You see? The imprint on the cloth. No one tried to peddle this. It was given to me. I'll tell you everything later. Now I need you to confirm its authenticity. Absolutely. As soon as I finish what's left in my cup. Maj ram, blood brother. Imagine the look on Gowron's face when we present the sword to the Emperor. [Kor's quarters] What? Damn that Ferengi and his replicated bloodwine. Until that toad-faced Ferengi threw us out of his bar. Worf's quarters, I think. That's right. He had a bottle of Yridian brandy he was saving for a special occasion. He was honoured to join our quest. That is, if there's going to be a quest. What did you find? The time of Kahless! I never doubted it. When do we leave? Wait. Let this moment be remembered. For on this day, we three, Kor, Dahar Master of the Klingons, Jadzia Dax, a joined Trill of seven lives, and Worf, son of Mogh and thorn in Gowron's side, together stepped forth into the eye of destiny. Now. Glorious. (Much later, Worf is practising mok'bara forms in the cockpit.) Ahh. I slept like an Alvanian cave sloth. But I had the most magnificent dream. I dreamt that the three of us were in the Hall of Heroes presenting the bat'leth to the Emperor. We stood near the statues of Kang and Koloth and as the crowd sang our names, the most astonishing thing happened. Their statues came to life. Kang and Koloth were flesh and blood again, and we held the Sword high. Kang, Koloth and Kor. Together again. (They arrive at a planet.) And that is all that remains of the Hur'q, the great plunderers of the galaxy. And now it is time for us to reclaim what is ours. The Vulcan survey team was meticulous. They mapped the entire area during their mining operation. Now the Sword should be in the chamber that once was the Central Museum, along with all the other great treasures looted by the Hur'q. It's the structure furthest north. The Vulcans told me they couldn't get through it. We'll be the first inside. Oh, it's not important. I know you'll get past it. [Cave passage] Well done, my friends. Foul, isn't it? This place has been undisturbed for hundreds of years. Come. [Hur'q chamber] (A proper room with smooth walls, lighting and empty display plinths with a few broken shards.) Don't be sorry for me, be sorry for the Empire. For all we know, the Sword is halfway across the galaxy by now. For you and Worf, perhaps, but not for me. My last chance for glory dies here. Another forcefield? Are you saying there may be another chamber behind it? Why? For a thousand years, our people have dreamed of this moment. How can you doubt it? Look at it. Good. Very, very good. To think Kahless himself once held this Bat'leth. (Kor hands it to Worf.) Who are you? No. Did you see the face of that Klingon that I killed? It was as if he understood the honour bestowed upon him. The first man in a thousand years to be killed by the Sword of Kahless. Why did Toral say you had spared his life? Under the Right of Vengeance. Why? That's beside the point. It was a matter of honour. It was a mistake! Perhaps what they say about you is true. You've been around humans too long. If he hadn't spared Toral's life, we'd be on the way to Kronos. I told them nothing of consequence. How could I know Toral was going to send a Lethean to steal my thoughts. And you should have been more of a Klingon! (Worf goes on ahead.) Tell me, Dax, how well do you know him? I'm beginning to think I was too lenient in my judgment of him. Any Klingon who denies himself the Right of Vengeance is no Klingon at all. He dishonours the Sword with his presence. I don't trust him. I should have let him stay on that space station where he belongs. [Caves] HoH! (Dax shoots something. Kor picks it up by the tail. An armoured lizard.) Lunch! (The animal is cooked over red-hot stones.) Delicious, isn't it? Ah, but it'll make a good part of the story. How we slew the beast. Remember? It attacked us from the dark, five metres long. Eyes ablaze, fangs like daggers. It seems the son of Mogh is not amused. You'd better hope that I exaggerate or when they start singing songs about this quest, they'll come to your verse and it will be, and Worf came along. (Kor uses the Sword to skewer a piece of meat, and Worf rips it from his hand) Look at him. He's like the Hur'q. He thinks it's a museum piece. Why, Kahless himself used it to skin the serpent of Xol, to harvest his father's field, to carve a statue of his own beloved. It's a sword! But Worf doesn't know what to do with it, except bow before front of it and then hand it over to his precious Emperor. If Gowron allows him. The Emperor is merely his puppet. And the invasion went ahead despite his objection. The Emperor is a pretender, a clone of the original Kahless cooked up in a vat by ambitious clerics. And if you hadn't supported him, he'd be right back in that vat where he came from. The Sword will unite us, if it's held by a true Klingon. Not a politician like Gowron or some toothless figurehead like the Emperor. The Sword must rest in the hands of someone who has been hardened by battle, pure of heart, who understands loyalty and honour. A warrior like Kang and Koloth! The Empire could do far worse. I'm saying it's my intention to lead us to the surface. (And on they go, Dax with her tricorder, Kor with the bat'leth leading the way.) That cave-rat was all bones. I need another one. How much further? We can't get across. We'll go back and find another way up. I don't see it. Dax, can you see it? There is no ledge. Then you let go. I'll take the Sword to my grave before I give it to you. You call that a ledge? For a Degebian mountain goat, not a Klingon warrior. You were going to let me fall. You wanted me to die so you could keep the Sword for yourself. Give it to me! (They threaten each other with weapons.) Are you siding with him? You see. I was right. He's not to be trusted. (Kor moves on.) How generous of you. And we'll just curl up like trusting children under your vigilant gaze. You're wounded. I should take the first watch. You get some rest. You close your eyes. I understand. It's hard to sleep in the presence of something so magnificent. Someone might try to steal it. What was that? A voice. I hear it again. It's the Spirit of Kahless. He is talking to you, Worf. He's telling you to bide your time. Let them sleep and then slit their throats and claim your destiny. Go ahead and sleep, Dax. I'll keep an eye on him. (Dax has finally fallen asleep.) And what have you seen reflected in my eyes? Your own guilt, gnawing at you. I'm not going anywhere with this traitorous p'tak. Agreed. This is between us. We'll settle it in our own way. (As soon as they clash metal, there's a disrupter blast. There's a whole bunch of Klingons here now.) MaH HIv DaH! (And attacks all the Klingons.) It's mine! (Kor attacks Worf and they wrestle on the floor.) Dax, I knew in the end you'd choose me. We're blood brothers Are you sure of this, Worf? Do we have the right? This Sword belongs to all Klingons. Just let me hold it one last time. You're wrong. It was our destiny to find it. It just wasn't our destiny to keep it. (Worf beams the Sword away.) I hope you're right. It could be lost for another thousand years.
Nuq'nuh, Worf. It's good to see you, my friend. I would be honoured to share a bottle of bloodwine with the Son of Mogh. I heard the news about Jadzia. I expected nothing less. (Worf hands him a goblet) To absent comrades. Twenty three oh nine. Very good. The war goes well for you, Worf? A long list of victories to your credit, I trust? The way of the warrior is not a humble path. Show some pride in your accomplishments! You've earned it. No, Worf. It does not go well for me. It seems my services are not required in the present conflict. I also have a reputation for a certain ruthless quality toward those who would stand in my way. Mind you, it is not entirely undeserved. In truth, I rather enjoy being feared by my fellow officers. However, there's a price to be paid for such singled-minded devotion to one's ambition. I made enemies. Perhaps more than were necessary. I have no influence left in the Empire. Even as our entire race grapples with the Dominion there's no place for an old man with too many enemies and not enough friends. That's why I've come here tonight. It is not easy for me to beg you for help, but I have nowhere else to turn. Help me fight again, Worf. Help me end my life as I've lived it. As a warrior. [Klingon Wardroom] (Martok's elderly aide is with him.) Do you remember breaking into the Duke's harem on Renavi? Come and join us, my friend. Still the same old Dax, and yet not. Kesh! Did I? I don't recall. Of course, there were so many officer lists. I suppose it's possible. Worf, you've been living among this democratic rabble for too long. I know your bloodline. We both come from noble Houses. Among our people that still counts for something. If Martok is a true Klingon, he should appreciate that. Did he revoke my commission? Third? Oh, well, no matter. I've overcome greater obstacles. Thank you, Worf. You're a true friend. He will not even know I am there. Worf. What was the name of the ship? Ch'Tang! Of course. I'll see you there. [Klingon Bridge] Third Officer Kor reporting for duty. Thank you very much. Sit, sit. You do me too much honour. On this voyage I am but the Third Officer. I expect no special treatment. Excellent! An excellent plan, General. Of course. It's the same tactic Kang and I used against the Federation in the battle of Caleb Four. I was a young officer once. I know how irrelevant the past can seem. Well, there's not much to tell really. The battle was over almost before the Federation knew it had begun. I commanded the first division from the Klothos, one of the old D Five cruisers. Kang commanded the second division. Now, you must remember that in those days, the cloaking device was a new piece of technology. There were only a handful of engineers in the Imperial Fleet who knew how to operate them. Before we left Chronos, I spent three days in the engine room taking the device apart with my bare hands and then putting it back together again. Now this would come in handy later in the battle, as you'll see. [Klingon ready room] I'm supposed to be somewhere. Where are you going, Lieutenant? The bridge! Of course. What are you waiting for? Report to your station! Concentrate. [Klingon Bridge] (The strafing run is underway.) Continue firing! Target their primary reactors! And bring us around for another pass! Do not worry, my friend. All is well. Instruct them to continue firing, and open a channel to Kang. Tell him we've succeeded, and that the Federation outpost on Caleb Four will be taken within an hour! Prepare a boarding party. We're going to take the base. Victory is ours. The Federation will rue the day they dared to challenge the might of the Klingon Empire. We will take Caleb Four and raise our banner over the smoking ruins of their outpost. (Martok throws his knife at Kor. Worf catches it and knocks Kor down.) Savour the fruit of life, my young friends. It has a sweet taste when it 'is fresh from the vine. But don't live too long. The taste turns bitter after a time. [Klingon ready room] Yes? (Darok enters with a tray.) I am not hungry. I miss a great deal about those days. Is there a point to this nostalgic indulgence? How? (Darok hands him a PADD.) It can be done. The key is to confuse their sensors in the opening moments with a spread of torpedoes. Such a man would not take the job unless he were certain. Worf! Leaving for the Ning'tao, I take it? I wanted to wish you well. I look forward to seeing you at the gates to Sto'Vo'Kor. Do you have any message you want me to convey to Jadzia? (Kor hypo's Worf.) When I reach the halls of the hallowed dead, I will find your beloved and remind her that her husband is a noble warrior, and that he still loves no one but her. Goodbye, my friend. Live well. (Kor steps into the tiny transporter alcove.) Long live the Empire! [Klingon Bridge] (A bird of prey reverses course. Darok brings a bottle wine to Martok.)
