Doctor Julian Bashir? I understand you were the officer who first identified the biogenic weapon known as the Quickening. Koval. Why? And like most human expressions, completely devoid of meaning. Can the Dominion's Quickening virus be replicated? I'm not interested in the vaccine, I'm interested in the virus. Do you know how to introduce the Quickening into a population? Good. I look forward to hearing your lecture. (Koval leaves and Cretak comes over.) I believe you answered all my questions, Doctor. Doctor. I would like to have a word with you on another matter, in private. We have other more comfortable facilities available. If you please. [Romulan interrogation room] (This room is not comfortable. It is small with a single metal chair and two guards.) Sit down. I can assure you that you will be sitting in that chair one way or the other, Doctor. (Bashir sits.) Now we'll have our private talk. Why you're really on Romulus, who you're working for and, of course, who's helping you. Don't worry. I won't waste your time with pointless questions. (A trolley is wheeled over. Bashir's hands are fastened behind him and a guard places blinkies on his temples, after hitting him.) This can be painful or not. That's up to you, Doctor. Either way, I will know what you know. (Time has passed and Bashir is exhausted. Koval returns.) It appears that your brain's neurocellular structure is not susceptible to our scanning techniques, evidently a result of the genetic enhancements made to your parietal cortex. I do have other methods at my disposal, but it would save everyone a great deal of trouble if you would simply tell me what I want to know. I think you know what I'm interested in. Who are you working for? Why are you here? Bring him. [Romulan forum] (A curved table, and Cretak sitting alone facing it. Bashir is brought in and sat down behind her. Koval sits at the very back of the room.) It's an interesting story. But it's not the whole story. if I may be permitted to bring in another witness? Bring in prisoner five two seven. (Sloan is hauled in, bloodied and bruised.) Praetor, this is the man known as Sloan. Unlike the Doctor, his mind is quite susceptible to our data retrieval methods. Under questioning, he has confirmed much of what the Doctor and the Senator have told you, with one important exception. There is no Section Thirty one. Sloan, in fact, works for Starfleet Intelligence. Far from being the master of a rogue agency, he is simply one of many operatives in the employ of the Federation. He's had a long career, most of which is still unknown to us. However, there is one interesting element that we do know. He was the protégé of the late Vice Admiral Fujisaki. Sloan did not take the death of his mentor well. He came to believe he was murdered by the Tal'Shiar. In his eyes, the assassination of a Starfleet admiral was stepping over the line. Isn't that the phrase? After Fujisaki's death, he was confronted with a dilemma. How could he seek vengeance without violating the Federation laws? His answer was to invent Section Thirty one, a rogue organisation that answered to no one. If they killed the head of the Tal'Shiar, Starfleet Intelligence would be held blameless. As the Committee knows, I have been diagnosed with Tuvan Syndrome. Sloan became aware of my condition and hoped to make my death look like a sudden acceleration of the disease. To do that, he needed a doctor. Sloan arranged to recruit Doctor Bashir into Section Thirty one. After that, Sloan bided his time, and waited for an opportunity to present itself. He found one when he learned of this conference. He then arranged for Bashir to be invited. Everything was going perfectly, but then he made a fatal mistake. He decided to come to Romulus himself. He was unaware that his identity had become known to us. Once we recognised him in the delegation, we knew immediately that an intelligence operation was underway. What I don't understand is why? Why did you come here and take the risk of being discovered? You broke the cardinal rule of our profession. You allowed business to become personal. Most definitely. As to the involvement of the Doctor and the Senator, Doctor Bashir may have intended to kill me, or he may have intended to save me. There is no way to know for certain. As for Senator Cretak, we all know she's an ambitious woman. It is entirely possible she would welcome my death, especially if it meant her being elevated to the Continuing Committee in my place. Then you're simply a fool. You let a Starfleet Intelligence officer manipulate you into committing an act of treason.
