Miles O'Brien? Yes, of course you are. (He deactivates the forcefield and enters) I am Conservator Kovat. Ah, Mister O'Brien, if it seems immodest of me, I apologise, but the role of Public Conservator is key to the productive functioning of our courts. I'm here to help you concede the wisdom of the state, to prepare you to accept the inevitable with equanimity. There is an old Cardassian expression. Confession is good for the soul. But it's also good for the populace to see people like you confess. It makes them feel better about themselves. It makes their lives more bearable. No, no, no, but that's not a bad side effect. Now then, I have your biographical extract and your Starfleet record. All this will be very useful. No need to worry about that at this point. Whatever you've done, whatever the charges against you, none of that really matters in the long run. This trial is to demonstrate the futility of behaviour contrary to good order. Everyone will find it most uplifting. Once again, justice will be done. Our lives will be reaffirmed, safe and secure. Here on Cardassia, all crimes are solved, all criminals are punished, all endings are happy. Even the poorest of our subjects can walk the streets in the dead of night in perfect safety. You're only one man, but your conviction will be a salutary experience for millions. Now then, the trial opens tomorrow. Do you have any questions, anything you want to tell me? That's good, that's good. Maintain that level of arrogance in the courtroom and we should put on a very good show indeed. Yes, certainly. Winning isn't everything. [Weapons locker] (The crates are full of scrap metal) He is, Madame Archon. Please don't ruin this for me. I'm only a year away from retirement. New evidence? Of course he did it. He's been found guilty, hasn't he? No evidence can be submitted after the verdict has been reached. You should know that. You flatter me, sir, you flatter me, but we want justice, not chaos in this court. No, I will have no part of this. I am. Madame Archon, I am extremely humiliated. I ask to be relieved of this assignment. These Maquis are based in the Demilitarised zone? How do you know these photon warheads recovered from the offender's vessel were intended for the Maquis? Madame Archon, please! As you wish, Madame Archon. I'll try to be as brief as possible. [Infirmary] This would be a good time for you to advise the offender. To confess. To throw himself on the mercy of the court, of course. That is not the point. Think of the children, sir. Allow them to see a glimmer of enlightenment as the offender realises that the end is near. Let him use his last breath to show remorse. Mister O'Brien, were you abused as a child? Were your parents especially abusive? Did you hate them very much? I see. Spousal abuse, perhaps? Was your wife causing you severe psychological stress? Excuse me for asking. I'm merely trying to establish why a fine man like you could turn into a criminal. Perhaps you could help me. Well, I tried. Madame Archon, at this time, it seems the offender's guilt has been clearly established and I see no other alternative but to concede to the verdict. Madam Archon, I apologise but I appear I have lost control of my client. Thank you, Madam Archon. This has been a most difficult case but it is always an honour to serve your court. (Sisko and Boone enter) I object to this. Madam Archon, how can you continue to tolerate these intrusions? What happened? What? I? They'll kill me. [Runabout]
