I'm looking for Quark. I am Krax and this is my father, Grand Nagus Zek. (The cloak hood is pulled back to reveal the most wrinkled, large-lobed, hairy-eared ancient Ferengi ever) Is there a difference? My father will reveal the purpose of his visit when he sees fit. As for now, he desires the use of a holosuite. He's heard that some of your programmes are quite alluring. Are you refusing his request? The Nagus dislikes having to choose between so many delightful possibilities. That won't be necessary. The Nagus has decided to try all five. [Schoolroom] (Chaos and laughter in class) The Nagus will be done when he's done. My father left specific instructions not to be disturbed. Are you suggesting we disobey him? Quark. (Zek has come down the stairs) My father requires rest. That should be satisfactory. But he didn't even know the wormhole existed. There's a Federation school here. Run by a human. A female. No, no, no. You can't seat Turot next to Hoex. They've been bitter rivals ever since Hoex bought out Turot's controlling interest in the cargo ports on Volchok Prime. I thought you understood this was to be a private meeting. We await the Grand Nagus. No one leaves until the conference has concluded. The Nagus casts a very long shadow. Careful you don't disappear in it. And best of all, no one there has ever heard the name Ferengi. Until we decide to break it. Who else but my father. But father. Yes, you are. More so. Father, have you lost your mind? In a year it will be worth twice as much. There was nothing suspicious about my father's death. It was caused by a massive infection of the tympanic membrane. A chronic condition. That would be difficult. You see, when a Ferengi of my father's stature dies, the body is automatically vacuum-desiccated and sold as a prized collectible. A very smart deal, Nagus. As you wish, Nagus. If he keeps handing out these choice opportunities, he's going to become very popular. May I say, Nagus, that my father himself never looked more commanding. Whatever for? One look at your imposing features, and the Stakoron negotiators will give us everything we ask for. Believe me, you won't. Shall we? [Airlock] (Maihar'du goes into a ship. Odo oozes under the closed door) [Airlock corridor] This is an historic moment. (Krax opens the airlock.) Nagus. [Airlock] (Quark walks in and then) Sorry, Quark, but you've just been voted out of office. Enough talk. Let's get this done. [Airlock corridor] Would you like to do the honours, or should I? You died. But why, father? But father, I am ready. I am ready. You saw for yourself. I was about to grab power. But, but, I don't understand. But what about him? But, Father. Yes, Father. (Krax leaves)
