Have them withdraw from the Northeast quadrant. Move them to join the fourteenth column south of the city. I remember, Commander. I was impressed by your talk. Yes, but you presented your arguments well. What can I do for you? I'd hardly call it defending the city. I don't know with whom you've been speaking, Commander. You can't possibly appreciate that this is Bajoran against Bajoran. We are all patriots, Commander. The Kressari? I hadn't heard that. I'd like to know. Thank you. Yes, I know Major Kira. That's out of my purview, Commander. You might want to discuss it with Minister Jaro. Commander Sisko, you told me about the Kressari before you asked the favour regarding Kira. You could've tried to trade that information for the favour. I'll remember that about you. [Ops]
We are all patriots, Commander. Where are the Bajoran officers who worked Starfleet? Where is Li Nalas? The most strategic position in the entire sector, at the mouth of the wormhole. Had I been Federation commander, I would not have abandoned it so easily. (Sisko and Co. are looking down through a grating, in civilian clothes) [Lunar Cavern] (Lots of cobwebs.) You're too eager to receive his plaudits, Colonel. What's the status of the internal security net? Scan the Operations Centre for organic material. The station's security chief is apparently missing. The shape-shifter. It's possible he left with the evacuation ships or perhaps there's something more here than meets the eye. Scan six times an hour at random intervals. Minister, I urge caution. The battle for this station hasn't even begun yet. I'm not convinced they ever left. The internal security net has been sabotaged. We have no way of tracking the movements of anyone on board, which suggests someone didn't want to be that easily found. Perhaps. She is unaccounted for. So too is Security Chief Odo. So is Li Nalas. You're be playing right into their hands. They have no interest in attacking. Because I understand military tactics. (picks up the baseball) They are vastly outnumbered. If we divide our forces (The lights go out.) Day, what the hell is going on? So, Commander, you didn't abandon your post after all. What did he say? Why did he let you go? Scan for their communication devices. Then they must be in a shielded location. Then that's where we'll find Commander Sisko. [Forest] (Kira is badly hurt) They have attacked? Let me see what's going on down there How many of our men are stationed by that airlock? Bring their leaders to me for questioning. Colonel, you deliberately withheld information that was to be communicated to me. Regarding the Cardassians. We have been told the Chamber is in recess while evidence of Cardassian involvement is being examined. I'm returning to the surface immediately to consult with the Ministers. I expect I will be asked to resign. Commander, since the provisional government has prevailed, I believe it is appropriate to return the command of this station to Starfleet. Well fought, sir.
