Tactical report. It must be gratifying for an Elder to end his career with a victory. I feel privileged to be here with you at such a moment. I am First. And I have declared victory. Open a channel to the Vorta. The Defiant is ours. Not yet? It was the Alphas who made this victory possible. If it were not for us, you would never I will make a complete survey of the ship and give you a report in one hour. Bring me Captain Sisko. I'm not going to execute him. Are you about to question my order, Second? And Victory is Life. (Ixtana'Rax leaves) Find the ship's transponder and shut it down. I don't want anyone tracking us. And get these chairs off the bridge. [Mess hall] (Nog is tending Kira's head wound.) Good. Captain Benjamin Sisko. The one the Bajorans call the Emissary. I am First Kudak'Etan. In a strange way, you are the reason I exist. If you had not eliminated our fleet in the wormhole, there would have been no need to breed Alpha Quadrant Jem'Hadar. No. The impulse engines sustained only minor damage in our attack, but the warp drive was severely damaged. I need your technical expertise in order to repair it. Bring Captain to the engine room so he may begin necessary repairs. I was not aware that telepathy was a Gamma characteristic. You are the Second. I am the First. Do not presume to tell me what to do. Your choice is to repair the warp drive or watch me execute your crew one at a time. Have Sixth Duran'Adar select one of the prisoners for execution and bring him to the bridge! How many? You may have the three other Bridge officers, but that is all. And I am not interested in any more of your suggestions. Now take him to the engine room. [Runabout Rubicon] (They're in a duct.) We have restored impulse power, and the warp drive will be operational in five hours. Victory is Life. Set course for the closest Dominion outpost. Engage impulse engines. [Runabout Rubicon] (As the little ship whizzes along a conduit, the walls start to glow red.) Why is the warp drive not online yet? You were told to watch them, not to interfere with them. Captain Sisko, you have thirty minutes to restore warp power, or I will kill her, (Kira) and another of your crew every fifteen minutes until you do. And you, Second, will no longer interfere with their work. [Runabout Rubicon] You were not ordered to check the targeting sensors. Your initiative pleases me. It's a trait that the Gammas lack. When we return from this mission there will be need for a new Second. I will recommend you to the Vorta. I'm sure that I won't. It'll be Alphas like us that determine the future of this quadrant. That will be the new order of things. (Rubicon is sitting on the ceiling, upside down to us.) [Runabout Rubicon] It is time. [Runabout Rubicon] Pah. We're all Alphas here. Our loyalty is demonstrated by our actions, not our words. [Optronic circuitry] How long has the warp drive been repaired? And they managed to conceal it from you? I also told you to watch them carefully. I am not interested in your excuses. Bring the warp drive online. That would take hours. Every minute we spend in Federation space exposes us to detection and attack. And I would hate for your last mission to end in failure, Elder. Do it. And when you have sufficient engine power available, bring us to warp four. Secure these four with the other prisoners. (The door opens and he actually sees Rubicon enter. He fires his weapon and misses, then Rubicon fires a torpedo at a Jem'Hadar and kills him. The rest of the Jem'Hadar are firing as our people dive for cover. Sisko gets to a control panel and starts entering commands.) [Runabout Rubicon]
