Stay back! You miserable koruts. (Everyone say Hi! to  Tony Todd, back under the latex.) Worf. I knew you would come. The sons of Mogh reunited one last time. Well, I'm here now, but not for long. Soon there will be only one son of Mogh. I have come for Mauk-to'Vor. Yes, brother. I want you to kill me. [Worf's quarters] (Kurn is on Worf's settee, twitching, then suddenly he wakes.) Guard! Something for my head. Guard! Soft, comfortable, just like the rest of these quarters. No one would ever suspect a warrior lives here. Always defending the Federation. Tell me, Worf, does Starfleet ever make mistakes even in their furniture? I've been overseeing the end of a once-proud house. Perhaps you've heard of it. It was called the House of Mogh. You regret? What's next, Worf? Do you want to apologise to me? Express your sympathy? How many human weaknesses will you display? Oh, so in avoiding dishonour for yourself, you brought it on the rest of your family. What a noble act. How selfless. For you, it's done. You and your comfortable Federation life, your glorious Starfleet career. But not for me. Our family had a seat on the High Council. We were feared by our enemies, respected by our friends. It was even said that if Gowron died the leadership of the Council might be passed to someone from the House of Mogh. Then you chose to side with the Federation against the Empire. Gowron took our ships, our land, our seat on the Council, everything. What do you know? Did you watch as Gowron's men seized our land and stripped our family of its name? Did you have to endure the humiliation of being ejected from the High Council in front of the Emperor himself? No. You chose to stay here, safe, comfortable, secure. You have everything you want and I have nothing, not even my honour. But you can give that back to me. I'm already dead to our people, and so are you, but you don't care. I have never asked you for anything, but you took away my honour and only you can give it back. So now, I am asking you for Mauk-to'Vor. Is an honourable death too much to ask from my brother? Operations log, stardate 49556.2. Major Kira and I are returning to the station after completing our inspection tour of the Bajoran colonies along the Cardassian border. [Runabout Yukon] (Kira is asleep, feet up on a console.) I wish to reclaim my honour in the next life. I am ready to cross the river of blood and enter Sto'Vo'kor. [Promenade] Goodbye. (Worf plunges the dagger into Kurn. Kurn looks down then falls backwards. Dax and Odo rush in. Odo grabs Worf.) I am alive? I was looking forward to being in Sto'Vo'kor. I was hoping to see father there. And I suppose you will decide when that time has come? Why not? You chose not to complete the Mauk-to'Vor ritual. Did you fight them? Did you threaten to kill them both if they interfered? And are you standing here now with the mevak dagger ready to slit my throat and bring me the death I deserve? No. For a moment in your quarters during the ritual you were Klingon. But your Federation life has claimed you again and now it is claiming me as well. I have no life. I have no death. whatever is to become of me is up to you. [Worf's quarters] (Doorbell.) This container is not on your manifest. Open it. (Odo approves of the approach. Worf enters.) Brother. I hate this uniform. That's not what I mean. I have accepted the transition. I am a Bajoran security officer. The uniform is simply uncomfortable. But I will get used to it. You need not concern yourself with me, brother. I won't disgrace you. Like a man who's tired of waking up and seeing a human doctor's face. Worf. I don't want to talk anymore. It's not Klingon. You're the elder brother. You tell me what to do, and I'll do it. My life is in your hands. [Wardroom] You want me to turn against my own people? Will my dishonour never end? Is that how you rationalise this? By calling your people cowards so you can be a hero? It is not my place to criticise. No. I opposed the decision to break the treaty but I was overruled in Council. Because Gowron underestimates the Federation. He thinks they're soft, weak, and he is wrong. Sooner or later there will be war. Yes. Yes, Doctor? The deployment plan for the mines should be in the defence system database. No, no, ignore it. It's a security procedure the High Council instituted three months ago. False directories, files, entire databases of disinformation designed for spies to steal. Here's the real database. My security codes have been changed, but not all of them. Yes. (A Klingon enters.) We're running a diagnostic on the computer core. There have been power fluctuations in the navigational control system. He was going to kill you. He was a warrior doing his duty defending the Empire, and I killed him. My dishonour is complete. [Wardroom] (The data is up on the wall monitor, showing a near complete ring around the plane of the Bajoran system but nothing above or below.) Why is it that suicide is considered a dishonourable death, Worf? Shouldn't a warrior have the right to decide when his time has come? Even if I got cast down into the Underworld, at least I'd be with other Klingons, even though they are the dishonoured dead. Do you know what my one regret is, Worf? That we weren't raised together. In the Empire, on Earth, it wouldn't have mattered, but the Sons of Mogh should have never been separated. But that is the past, and a warrior should look to the future. (Worf takes the gun before Kurn can get it again.) And in the future you should not be burdened by my dishonour. I have never understood you, Worf. But I do know this. In your own way you are an honourable man. (Kurn passes out.) Where? Where am I? I, I don't remember being on a shuttle. In fact, I don't remember anything. Who am I? I understand, father. (Kurn sees Worf standing with Dax, and walks over to him.) Who are you? Are you part of my family?
