You. You are a metamorph? (Recognise the voice? - Yes it is Martok, J G Hertzler using the name Garman.) Tell the monoform to put down its weapon. Because I sensed you were here. I had to see if it was true, if I'd finally found another metamorph. I've been trying to find others of my kind for a long time. The hundred? That would explain why I was alone on Varala. I didn't even know what I was at first, or that I could assume other forms. I will allow myself to be taken prisoner to show my good faith, but only if you vouch for my safety. I do not trust humanoids. [Captain's office] I can understand their distrust of humanoids, but why try to conquer them? Better to avoid them altogether. I know from experience they don't much care for changelings. Oh? Have they? Is that why you've stayed? But what about the hundred that were sent out? Haven't you tried to find any of them? I found you. When did you first assume humanoid form? So that's it. It's all still so new to you. I spent the first part of my life living among humanoids, as well. Over two hundred years. I must have been sent out earlier than you. Either way, it would explain why you've chosen to stay here. I too was fascinated by humanoid life in the beginning. I found it limiting. The Varalans never accepted me as one of them, and I was never really able to fully mimic their appearance. No. And humanoids are not very tolerant of difference. He has bumps on his forehead. She has a wrinkled nose. But they're basically alike. They're bipeds that eat, sleep, breathe. You and I are nothing like them. I choose to be like them as little as possible. That's where we differ. The Varalans called me Laas. In their language it means changeable. Not very imaginative, is it? This hasn't been used in some time. Who is this? Ah. I had a mate once. On Varala. Not long after I first assumed humanoid form. We couldn't have children. That was important to her. Is it something that matters to this Kira? Neither did we, at first. Do our people reproduce? I don't understand. The Link? You're speaking in riddles. Then don't. Show me. For the first time in my life I understand how I was meant to exist. You've given up a great deal to stay here. Odo, we Linked. I know the truth. You stayed here because of Kira. If it weren't for her, you'd be with our people. War or no war, you would be a Founder. [Security office] (Odo is light years away when Kira enters.) We've met. It's a shame you're incapable of ever experiencing it. It's just the same as any other planet overrun with humanoids. Cities and farms everywhere, other lifeforms displaced from their habitats. Once I migrated to the southern continent with a herd of volg. When we returned to our breeding grounds the following summer, they had been fenced off. The herd died out within two generations. It's always that way where humanoids thrive. They disrupt the natural balance. The truth is, I prefer the so-called primitive lifeforms. They exist as they were meant to, by following their instincts. No words get in the way, no lies, no deceptions. Meaning shape-shifters are not to be trusted. Of course you trust Odo. Look at him. You've convinced him that he is as limited as you are. No, I'm very worried for him. I was merely speaking my mind. Humanoids are such tragic creatures. They've lost the ability to take joy from simply existing, and yet they haven't evolved to the next level where consciousness exists independent of form. I've been many things in my time, Odo. I speak from experience. Enough talk. Link with me. Why not? Are you embarrassed? You don't want to do anything to remind them that you're not truly a humanoid. Why not? Are you afraid they will reject you? So you deny your true nature in order to fit in. Before I came here, when was the last time you assumed another form? You can't even remember. You've been pretending to be a humanoid for so long, it doesn't even occur to you that you can be anything else. Like what? Courting Kira? She can't even Link with you. It won't last. True. And if you're very lucky, you can watch her grow old and die. I don't want to see you make the same mistakes I made. You're wasting your time trying to be a humanoid. You're limiting yourself. Let's leave here, Odo. Let's find the others. A hundred were sent away and they're out there somewhere. If we can find even a few of them, we can form a new Link. Think of it, Odo. We can exist the way we were meant to. As changelings. [Kira's quarters] You didn't realise it was me. Did you even know we could exist as fire? I didn't think so. No matter. Once we're away from here, I'll teach you to become things you've never even dreamed of. Why? So you can keep pretending to be one of them? I'll survive. And when I find some of the others, I'll send for you. You'll change your mind. You'll join us. Is that supposed to discourage me? All right, Odo, I won't abandon you to these monoforms. As a favour to you, I'll stay a while. Just remember, I have no interest in monoforms, even if they are your friends. Good. (They Link.) [Promenade] (There's a commotion. Odo comes out of his office to find children playing in a thick mist on the ground.) I was just relaxing. Did I embarrass you? I change form where I please. Look at him. Look at the hate in his eyes. But then, the stench would still be on them. Mine's bigger. You could say you were wrong. You could say the people here are no different than any other humanoids. I am sure it will be fair and impartial. My word against a humanoid's? Whom do you think this Magistrate is going to believe? My only consolation is that this may finally make you understand that you don't belong here. You saw the hatred in that Klingon's eyes. Perhaps now you'll recognise it when you see it hiding in the faces of your so-called friends. They tolerate you, Odo, because you emulate them. What higher flattery is there? I, who can be anything, choose to be like you. But even when you make yourself in their image, they know you are not truly one of them. They know that what you appear to be does not reflect what you really are. It's only a mask. What lies underneath is alien to them, and so they fear it. And that fear can turn to hate in the blink of an eye. [Odo's quarters] Is this some kind of a trick? Why? I knew you would come. This is a new beginning for us, Odo. A new beginning for our people. You and I are about to embark on the adventure of our lives. What's wrong? Why are you here? Don't be a fool. What are you holding on to? Kira? Even she knows that this is what's best for you. Why else would she have helped me to escape? She let you go so that you could find out where you belong. Love conquers all, is that it? Compared to the Link, it is a pale shadow, a feeble attempt to compensate for the isolation that monoforms feel because they are trapped within themselves. Odo, the Founders are dying. This could be your last chance to exist the way you were meant to. Don't throw it away. And to you, Odo. You'll need it more than I. [Kira's quarters] (Kira is praying.)
