Oh, I couldn't resist. Morny and I had so many happy times here, I just had to slip in. I'm sorry if I startled you. I heard you coming in and I thought I'd better hide. Larell. Morn's wife. Ex-wife. For two wonderful years. You must be Quark. Morny and I kept in touch after we were separated. He talked about you all the time. He told me that if anything ever happened to him, he wanted you to have everything that was ever his. Everything. I find that hard to believe. I happen to know that he had quite a substantial retirement fund. One that could make two people very comfortable. I'm talking about the thousand bricks of gold pressed latinum that he won in the Lissepian lottery. Now that he's gone, it's all ours. (Larell raises a leg out of the mud for Quark to stroke. After the break, Quark is pumping the mud out of Morn's bed tub. Larell is dressed.) What are you doing? You must know where he kept it. Well, I'm sure it's somewhere on the station. I told you, it was for his retirement. Poor Morn. He never got a chance to enjoy it. But that doesn't mean we can't. What am I doing? (She's giving oo-mox, that's what.) He may have left everything to you, but I was his wife. I could contest the will and tie you up in court for years. But there's no reason it has to come to that. After all, a thousand bricks is plenty for both of us. And as soon as we find it, we'll take a nice long vacation together. Of course he would have. [Quark's] (Playing after hours tongo with Dax.) I've been looking all over for you. Not too busy to look for a certain something, I hope? Sounds like you need a little motivation. I think I'd rather wait here with you. Why, don't you like it? You're so diligent. Most men don't know how to defer gratification. You've got to help me, Quark. Someone's following me. Two men. How should I know? (Doorbell.) Don't answer it. (Doorbell.) Leave him alone, Hain. We're having a little reunion. We used to work together. With Morn. And it did, two weeks ago. So here we are. The latinum's en route. Maybe we should just split it up and go our separate ways. So, what do we do with him? That's true. So this was Morn's favourite place? Me neither. Poor Morny. He always had such bad luck. (Odo enters.) I surrender. [Cargo bay] (Odo picks up Larell's weapon.)
