(a woman) Well, according to these forms, you're supposed to be dims. But you're not, are you? Pleasantly surprised is more like it. I guess I owe you an apology. If I'd known you were gimmies, I could've processed your application much sooner. I try not to use them, but it's a bad habit. Gimmies are people like you. People who are looking for help, a job, a place to live. The dims should be in hospitals, but the government can't afford to keep them there, so we get them instead. I hate it, but that's the way it is. I see here that you both have just arrived in San Francisco. Do you have any jobs lined up? Have you got a place to stay or anyone who can vouch for you? Do you have any way of contacting this friend of yours? Well, in that case, I'm afraid you're going have to stay here in the Sanctuary for the time being. It's for your own safety. And it's the law. One of the services we provide is job placement. I wish I could give you a definite answer, but jobs are hard to come by right now, what with the economy and all. My advice is to be patient. In the meantime, take these. (cards) They're your ration cards. You can use them to get food and water at any of the distribution points in the district. Hang on to them. Anywhere you like. The buildings in the district are there for everyone to use. One more thing. A little advice. Stay away from District Security. They've had their budget cut again. They're overworked and underpaid. Just give them a lot of space. And watch out for ghosts. That's what we call people who haven't integrated well into the Sanctuary. They can be dangerous, and they tend to prey on other residents. You can't do this.
What are you going to do with us? You were here the other day, weren't you? You really are a doctor. I was afraid to. Wasn't he here with you? He gave me a false name, didn't he? When I first started working here, I processed a woman who had a warrant out on her for abandoning her kid. She couldn't take care of him, so she left him with a family that she worked for over in the Marina. I felt so sorry for her I didn't log her in. I just let her disappear into the Sanctuary. Almost got me fired when my supervisor found out. I don't know, but I think about her all the time. Ever since then I've just done my job, you know? Tried not to let it get to me. Everybody tells themselves that, and nothing ever changes. [Processing Centre] (BC is asleep and Sisko is yawning. Vin tries to get to the main door.) Thank you. I hope you're right. Even though it'll mean I'll be out of a job, I hope you're right. Soccer.
