Yes, it has. (Everyone say Hi! to Susanna Thompson) I understand you'll be commanding the Defiant during our research. I think Mister Worf is less than enthusiastic about heading a research mission. It's not exactly what every Klingon dreams about. Maybe it is better that we do not know. (Dax goes to the buffet table, and Lenara walks over, casually.) Well, this looks wonderful. I take it most of this is Bajoran. Of course, I'm not the least bit hungry. But I suppose we should load our plates anyway since the whole room is watching us. Seems a shame to disappoint them. Maybe we should do something. Not bad. Or I suppose we could throw ourselves at each other, profess our undying love for each other and complete disregard for Trill society. Forget about him, my brother's head would explode. He's been a nervous wreck ever since we arrived. Well, I'll tell you what I told him. We're both mature adults and we can handle this. They're watching us again. Well, thank you, Commander Dax. I appreciate your insightful commentary on Bajoran cuisine. Everything looks good here. Dax? Possibly. Now I'm getting a drop-off in the triple-R output. We might have a bigger problem than the diagnostic subroutines. (Dax comes over to view her monitor.) I wasn't panicking. No, I'm sorry. Forget it. It's just that you always used to, I mean Torias always used to tell Nilani that she was panicking about things, making a big fuss about nothing. That's because you were a pilot and it made me nervous. Made her nervous. Torias being a pilot made Nilani nervous. I've never had quite this much trouble sorting out my feelings from those of a past host. Probably another good reason why we're not supposed to spend much time together. We'd probably just get lost in the past. Okay. No? Right. Right. I wouldn't want to intrude on your friends. Doctor Bashir? Sure. That sounds great. Okay. Dinner. Tonight. Great. [Promenade - upper level] Well, you don't mean the Barros Inn? Curzon was kicked out of the Barros Inn? That's one of the wildest bars in the whole Rigel system. What did he do? Sort of? Curzon was certainly different from most joined Trills. I'm actually glad we never met. We probably wouldn't have liked each other very much. Well, that's interesting considering what you do now. Torias wasn't much different. I can remember talking to him about my wanting to study theoretical quantum physics and his eyes glazing over. That's right. It was nice to see you again. (Bashir leaves) Now that's a good friend. He sat here all night listening to us trade stories of our former hosts and never once complained. Yeah. How did you know? Oh, Curzon. They were given to me by a Klingon scientist. He wanted to give me one of the swords they carry around, but I refused. (Lenara gives the earrings to Dax.) Keep them. Really. I'm not very Klingon. They suit you. It's really good to see you again, Dax. That sounds so strange. I mean, I'm looking at a different face, hearing a different voice, but somehow it's still you. Me too. (Pren sees them from the top level) Defiant log, stardate 49195.5. Lieutenant Commander Worf reporting. We have arrived at the coordinates to begin preliminary tests for the artificial wormhole project. [Bridge] Energise the focal array and stand by to initiate the subspace tensor matrix. (Dax goes over to Lenara's console.) Initialise the focal array. (Defiant sends out a beam.) Activate the drone. A few seconds is all we need. (A triangular orange wormhole appears, then disappears a few moments later.) Thank you. That was only the first step, but what a step. (Dax puts her arm around Lenara.) Thank you. The subspace field data, quantum readings, all the telemetry checks out. The wormhole was open twenty three point four seconds and during that time it was completely coherent. Oh, that reminds me. Dax thinks we should use a class four probe to make the actual run. She says that the class four shielding will give us a better idea of how the wormhole will affect a real ship. I saw her last night. She came by my quarters. Is there something you want to ask me? I don't believe this. People? There is nothing going on. All right? I just had the most unpleasant conversation with my brother. He thinks that there's something going on between us. Well I told him that that was ridiculous, that there's nothing going on between us. That you and I are just friends. Or give them the right idea. Would it do any good? Would it change how either of us feels? You've never been one for the easy way out. I knew you were a pilot when I married you. I knew the risks. I went into it with my eyes wide open. I thought I'd, thought I'd gotten over you. It's been so long and so much has happened. And now I know I haven't. I'd better go. Oh, Dax. So did I. I don't want to lose you, not again. Come in. My brother the nurse. Do they know what happened to the wormhole yet? Oh, the ship. How badly was it damaged? It was my project, my theories. You're right. I am being a little self-indulgent, aren't I? Well, I guess I'll have a lot of work to do when I get back to Trill. Analysing the telemetry from the probe alone will probably take months. With you? The two of us together. You know what that would mean. That's funny. Bejal just spent the last half hour trying to convince me that it wouldn't be worth it. He wants me to go back to Trill with him tomorrow, try to forget about you. Don't be too hard on him. He's only trying to look out for his big sister. That's the tricky part though, isn't it? Living with the consequences. When you're not with me, when you're not around, it's like a part of me is missing. I want to be with you more than anything, but I don't think that I can do this. Dax, I am not like you. I don't have a little Curzon inside me telling me to be impulsive, to ignore the rules, to give up everything I've worked for. I don't want to! Maybe I need more time. Maybe if I go back to Trill for a while, think it over. I can always come back later.
