If you're looking for our victories, you won't find any. Not for the last seven months. Docking clamps released. We have cleared the docking ring. You wish to avoid a fight? My apologies, sir. I meant no disrespect. Yes, Commander. Maximum warp. Around the Nebula. Helm ready. There's been no bloodwine on this ship for six months. Getting away is something we've become very good at. The Rotarran can run away from battle faster than any ship in the quadrant. That's supposed to wound my pride, but Tavana has forgotten that no one serving on the Rotarran has any pride left. I do not wish to insult someone who brought me wine, but one does wonder why the successor to the great Curzon Dax would consent to serve on a ship like this. You mean the one-eyed giant? He won't. Unless Worf is not the only one you're sharing a bed this trip. We've cloaked. They've increased speed. They're beginning to pull away. Shall I match velocity? Forgive this unworthy officer's poor hearing, but what was your order? Yes, Captain. I await your next command. Two years I spent on the Cardassian border. Two years fighting Guls and Legates and Glinns. They were cunning enemies. Always had us chasing holo-projections and sensor ghosts. Everything was a game with them. Always had a plan within a plan within a plan leading into a trap. It was an honour to kill them. Ah, but you can respect a Cardassian because he fights for his people and he follows a code just like we do. But not the soldiers of the Dominion. Not the Jem'Hadar. No, they don't fight for anything. They fight because they're designed that way, because they're programmed to fight. You're right. That's why they're better than us. The Trill doesn't want you to know the truth, my young friend, but you deserve to know the Jem'Hadar are smarter, they're faster, and they're stronger than we are! No! Listen! Listen and maybe learn something. The Jem'Hadar are the future! You know why? Because they can break any of us. Just like they broke Martok. She doesn't want you to hear the truth. Martok fears them! That's why we didn't attack them! Martok fears them! (Kornan attacks Leskit, Ortakin tries to break it up so Kornon tries to throttle him. Dax stuns Kornan with her phaser.) [Klingon Corridor] Understood. Understood. He is a coward. While he commands, he dishonours us all. Today would be a bad day to die, son of Mogh. Take your Trill and go. (Dax is tapping at her console. Worf looks at her and she nods.) I was hoping you would say something like that. (Ortakin enters with a disruptor rifle and two security.) Intercept course laid in. (Tavana starts singing the Warrior's Anthem, and the rest join in with feeling this time.)
