Ben. Captain Sisko. This is my adjutant, Commander Benteen. Benjamin was my executive officer aboard the Okinawa. And a damn fine one too. Present company excluded. One of my better ideas. You must be Odo. Forgive me for staring, but you're the first changeling I've ever met. Well, with the help of the two of you, I trust it'll be a little easier. Of course not. Ben, Earth is in danger. Maybe the greatest danger it's faced since the last world war. Something has to be done about these shape-shifters. Which is why you're here. You know more about the Dominion than anyone in Starfleet. And so, effective immediately, I'm making you acting head of Starfleet Security here on Earth. Mister President, I'd like to introduce Captain Sisko. Captain Sisko has several suggestions on how to combat Dominion infiltration. I think you'll find them very interesting. Which means it's a lot more vulnerable. We have to take precautions. Mister President, I assure you the threat is real. Or replaced you. The way security is now, a changeling could get anywhere on Earth, replace anyone, even you. I doubt that other changelings are wasting their time imitating birds. They don't all share Odo's lack of skill when it comes to mimicking humans. Commander, I think we've taken up enough of Mister Odo's time. Keep practicing. You'll have those birds fooled in no time. Yes. You're welcome. (So Odo grabs Leyton's arm and starts a Link) Well done, Odo. (Leyton throws Odo off.) How did you know he wasn't me? What I'd like to know is, why was he imitating me? I suppose so. I'm afraid that would be a waste of time. Jaresh-Inyo would be a fine president in peacetime, but we have a war on our hands. He doesn't seem to understand that. All he cares about is not upsetting people. But humans are tougher than he thinks. We've created a paradise here and we're willing to fight to protect it. I think the President is a long way from home. This isn't his world. We can't expect him to care about it the way we do. (Comm. beep) From what we can tell, Earth's entire power relay system's been knocked offline. Even Starfleet's emergency backup's been affected. I don't know, but if you ask me, there's only one possible explanation. If the Dominion attacks now, we don't stand a chance. [President's office] (Dawn or sunset - the sun is just over the horizon) Mister President. From what we can tell, the changelings infected the system with some kind of self-replicating computer protocol. It jumped from one power relay to the next, disrupting every system it came in contact with. And that could take days. Mister President, we can use the Lakota's transporters and communications system to mobilise every Starfleet officer on Earth in less than twelve hours. We've been preparing for something like this for a long time. We have stockpiles of phaser rifles, personal forcefields, photon grenades, enough to equip an entire army. I can start getting men on the streets immediately. What I'm asking you to do is let us defend this planet. We don't know what the changelings will do next, but we have to be ready for them. Ben, tell him. We appreciate your feelings, Mister President, but we don't have time for regrets. You accepted the job and now it's yours. Thank you, sir. You've made the right decision.
Ben, Earth is in danger. Something has to be done about these shape-shifters. You know more about the Dominion than anyone in Starfleet. And so, effective immediately, I'm making you acting head of Starfleet Security here on Earth. (A briefcase morphs into Odo in the Federation President's office.) Earth's entire power relay system's been knocked offline. What I'm asking you to do is let us defend this planet. I'm afraid Cadet Shepherd won't be returning to Earth anytime soon. Return to your quarters, Cadet. (Nog leaves) Ben, I think you and I have to talk, in private. Mind if I get a cup of coffee? I haven't been getting a lot of sleep lately. Too much to do. Mmm. Somehow replicated coffee never tastes this good. I'm afraid I owe you an apology, Ben. I wish I could have told you the truth from the beginning, but somehow I suspected we wouldn't see eye to eye on this thing. Because I needed someone who knew how to fight shape-shifters, and that's you. And I suppose on some level I hoped that when you saw what we were accomplishing, you'd join us. You've always had a strong sense of duty. That's what we're trying to do. If that's what it takes to stop the Dominion. Remember when we were on the Okinawa fighting the Tzenkethi? That time when I wanted to take the ship into an asteroid belt to chase down those three raiders. You spoke your mind. Which is exactly what a good executive officer is supposed to do. But I overruled you. After the staff meeting you followed me into my ready room and tried to argue your point again. And remember what I told you? I also told you when you became a CO, you'd feel the same way. Without the chain of command, Starfleet would cease to function and we wouldn't stand a chance against our enemies. I'm still your commanding officer, and now more than ever I need you to respect my authority. Then as of now, I'm relieving you of your post as temporary head of Earth Security and sending you back to Deep Space Nine. Go home, Ben. You don't belong here. [Starfleet HQ] I'm sure you didn't. Just as I said, Mister President. He's a shape-shifter. [Starfleet HQ Brig] Does it matter? You know, Ben, I stand here looking at you, the best officer who ever served under me, trapped in this holding cell, and I think life can be damned cruel. I don't think I can do that just now. No. You'll be free to go in a few days. The President won't be making a speech. I will. Temporarily, of course. Until the changeling threat has been neutralised. However long it takes. The people deserve strong leadership. Someone who can protect them. If you need anything, food, something to read, just tell the guards. (Later, the routine blood screening trolley is wheeled in by a woman security officer.) Good luck, Captain Benteen. Leyton out. (Sisko enters, armed.) Are you planning on using that? You'll forgive me if I don't leap at the opportunity. Do you? Why would anyone want to do that? That's a very interesting theory, but it's not going to do you much good. Lieutenant Arriaga isn't going to get to Earth. I've sent the Lakota to intercept the Defiant. As far as Captain Benteen's crew is concerned, the Defiant isn't a Starfleet ship. They've been told everyone on the Defiant has been replaced by shape-shifters. [Bridge] I can't say I agree with you. Hardly a dictatorship, Ben. There will be some dissenters at first, but they'll fall in line once they realise that strengthening Earth is the first step toward strengthening the Federation. Then contact the Defiant and tell them to stand down. I didn't think so. But don't kid yourself, Ben. This Pandora's box of yours, we're opening it together. [Bridge] Want some? It's Bolian tonic water. Calms the nerves. Ironic, isn't it? When you came on board the Okinawa, you were more interested in engineering and ship design than command. But I promoted you to lieutenant commander, gave you the post of executive officer, and taught you everything I knew about being a leader. I only wish I'd taught you more about the importance of loyalty. You don't understand me at all, do you? I'm sorry you feel that way. Put it through. Under no circumstances is that ship to reach Earth. The Lakota's carrying quantum torpedoes, isn't she? Then use them. Your orders are to keep the Defiant from reaching Earth by any means necessary. Is that understood? Captain Benteen knows where her duty lies. You have your orders. Do as he says. That was a mistake, Ben, talking to your ship from my office. Now that security knows you're here, you'll never make it past that door. It's not over! I have enough loyal officers to make a fight of it. I hope you're not the one making the mistake. [Sisko's restaurant] (Sunshine. The last security units are beaming out.)
