What's this all about? Who are you? I don't understand. My earring was lost. No, I won't allow it. Major, you can't leave those men behind. Doctor, these people have been prisoners for ten years. They need medical attention. Better. Well, actually, this one was bad enough. That was a long time ago. Doctor, I think that you'll find that others enjoy talking about those days far more than I do. Amazing. Being here. Years ago I worked in one of this station's ore processing plants. Actually, I'm a bit tired. I think I'd like to see my quarters. I'm sorry about this, Commander. If that's what it takes. (He gets up and faces the crowd.) It's good to be free. It's good to know that after all our years of struggle, Bajor is finally free. Li Nalas. Believe me, it is a pleasure to be here. You go right ahead. Commander, I just spent ten years in a Cardassian labour camp. I'm just grateful for a moment's privacy. I thought they would have forgotten me by now. This morning I was a slave, tonight I am a hero. I'll tell you what is overwhelming, Commander. It's knowing that something I've waited for my whole life has finally happened. The Cardassians are gone. We won. You've been there recently. What's it like, a free Bajor? For the most part? So that's what Major Kira meant. On the runabout, she told me that my return would bring stability to Bajor. It sounds like I'm going to need it. [Quark's] (After hours) Who is responsible for this? Bajorans did this? But why? Hasn't the provisional government tried to stop them? Actually I planned on staying there considerably longer. Commander, I'm going to tell you a story. You may even believe it. During the occupation I was a member of a minor resistance cell, the name is unimportant. One day, this was in the mountains surrounding the Sahving valley, we were ambushed by Cardassian troops. Only three of us managed to escape. We hid in the hills for two days. Finally the lack of food and water forced us down into the valley. We made our way to a ridge overlooking a small lake. As I was the only one still carrying a phaser, I went ahead to scout for the enemy. Halfway down the embankment, I slipped and went sprawling on my back down to the edge of the lake just as a huge Cardassian emerged from the water. He must have just finished bathing. He stood there, frozen in surprise, dressed only in his underwear, shivering from the cold. I lay there looking up at him too stunned to even move, and it was only when he reached for a phaser rifle that was lying across his clothes on a nearby rock that I realised I was still holding my own phaser, and I shot him. His body fell on top of me, and that's how my companions found us a moment later. One of them recognised him as Gul Zarale, responsible for the massacre of half a dozen Bajoran villages. Now I tried to tell them what happened, but they had already convinced themselves that I had killed Zarale in some kind of savage struggle, which is what they insisted on telling every Bajoran that we met. And no matter how hard I tried to deny it, the story continued to spread until it seemed all of Bajor had heard it. Soon every victory won by the resistance was attributed to my leadership. Stories of my brilliance, my daring, my courage grew more and more unbelievable, yet the people insisted on believing them. My reputation even followed me into the labour camp where my mere presence seemed to inspire my fellow prisoners. And I had done nothing but shoot an unarmed Cardassian in his underwear. I'll never forget the look on his face as he died. He was so embarrassed. So you see, Commander, I have done what Bajor needed me to do. I have allowed myself to be a slave to my reputation all of these years, and now it is enough. But I am not the man that they think I am. But it's all based on a lie. Navarch. There's never been one before. They felt any existing title was inadequate, so they created a new one for me. Yes, it was quite a celebration. I wish I could have stayed longer.
Major? Major, I'm sorry. I didn't want this job. I don't even know what I'm supposed to do here. How does a Navarch fit into this command structure? Commander, anything you need from me, I will try my best to do, but I know that I can never replace Major Kira. Is there any way I can help? No problem. What about the station while you're gone? Help? I can't even sneeze without three people handing me handkerchiefs. But I was thinking we might want to establish a curfew. Another cargo bay was vandalised last night. That's not necessary. What do you think we should do? Anything new from O'Brien or Odo? All right. Put him on the screen. I will give this a try. I am First Officer Li Nalas. Can I help you? (The Kressari appear to be spiky cousins of the Narn from Babylon 5) My apologies. Apparently has been some confusion with your manifest interface with our computer inventory system that had to be I'm sure that all necessary precautions are being. We should be able to have this all cleared up in a few minutes. Commander. I should be able to get some cooperation. If my name carries any weight, let's use it. Commander, I'm going. Don't you understand? I can do this. I don't know what it means to be a Navarch. But I can fight in the trenches and I take orders well. Besides, I owe her one. Me? I don't understand. Why would the Cardassians want to help Jaro if he hates them? The Cardassians come back. We've got to do something. I've got to do something.
Jaro's forces will be scanning for any incoming vessels. The Lunar Five base? We managed to get a few sub-impulse raiders underground before the Cardassians hit us, but that was ten years ago. Where are you running to? This is Bajor. We are Bajorans. We fought a war to regain our homeland. How can you abandon it like frightened Cardassian voles? These ships are for our guests who must leave because it is no longer safe for them here. However, we are Bajorans. And I say that we stay and we solve our problems together. Are you willing to join me? Me? You think I can sway the Generals. I've done everything I can to help. I'd die for my people but Please don't resist, General. We don't wish to use deadly force. My name is Li Nalas. Perhaps you've heard of me. [Chamber of Ministers] (Bareil and his 'vedeks' enter) Off the hook, after all. (and dies) [Quark's]
