and Commander Gatsby is dead too. I didn't see any other escape pods leave before the ship was destroyed so I may be the only survivor. My pod was torn open on impact and the rain is pouring in. I'll take the radio and a survival kit with me, but the environmental suits were damaged in the crash, so I'll have to rough it. This is an L class world and the atmosphere is barely breathable out there. Repeat. This is a general distress call. I am a citizen of the United Federation of Planets and a Starfleet officer. If you can hear me, please respond. My government will reward you for any assistance you can offer, and most of all, you'll be my personal heroes. Repeat. This is a general Barely edible. This is a general distress call or any assistance you can offer. Oh, no. I don't believe it. It's raining again. How can there be so much water and so little life out there? I'm really starting to hate this place. (Bashir leaves.) Repeat. This is a general distress call. Hello? Is anyone paying attention? I know you're out there. I know you can hear me. So just answer me. Tell me you're on your way. Tell me I'm going to be rescued. Tell me I'm not going to die alone. [Quark's] (The old barstools are back.) So there is a sun after all. Of course, now that the sun's up, I can see how truly ugly my new little home is. There's nothing out there but dirt, some rocks, some more dirt and some more rocks. I can hear you! Hello? This is Lisa Cusak receiving your transmission. Can you hear me? Hello? Hello? I could hear you two talking! Can you hear me? Thank God!! Whoever you are, I love you! (Sisko and Bashir arrived during the adverts.) My name's Lisa Cusak. Until a couple of days ago, I was the commanding officer of the Olympia. We left the Federation over eight years ago for a long range exploration of the Beta Quadrant. We were finally heading home, if you can believe that, then we picked up some strange energy readings in a nearby star system, and I decided to stop and investigate. We found an energy barrier around the fourth planet that was unlike anything we'd ever seen, and when we probed it with our scanners it triggered a quantum reaction. There was an enormous surge of metrion radiation that disabled our engines. The next thing I knew, we were spiraling in toward the surface. I gave the order to abandon ship and the last thing I remember is a console exploding in my face. I woke up in an escape pod on the surface and I've spent the last day and a half sitting in this cave trying to raise someone on subspace. Positive. And to answer your next question, yes, I've been giving myself fifteen cc's of triox every four hours to compensate for the excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. Just like it says in my medical tricorder. One hundred and fifty millilitres. That's a good question, Doctor. What happens then? Better withstand the effects. In other words, I'm going to be gasping for air and turning different shades of blue by the time you get here. Thanks for brightening my day. There is, actually. I can't sleep. I think the injections are keeping me awake and I haven't had anyone to talk to for two days. And order them to enjoy it, too. So, who's first? Sounds good to me. Okay, okay, that's it. Please, no more war news. You're depressing me. No, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for you and me and everyone in the Federation. I can't believe we're at war. Let's change the subject. How about some good news. Tell me there's still something to look forward to when I get home. Tell me people still fall in love and get married and raise families. Good. And what about you? Are you married? Seeing anyone? I mean I hate to pry, but I'd like to think that there's still something positive in the life of a starship captain these days. Now we're talking. Tell me about her. What's her name? Kasidy? Is she the same Kasidy I spoke to earlier? She one of your officers? Uh, oh. Sounds like you're having problems. There's no joy in that voice of yours, Ben. In fact, the tension level went up when you said her name. You sounded more relaxed when you were telling me about the war. Ben, are you still there? I can tell. You know, back when I was a junior officer, I dated a civilian for six years. Want to hear about it? Sure you do. Why? Because it's a funny story and one of us needs to cheer up. So we met on Andor. I was assigned to the Federation Embassy as an attaché and he was working in the Andorian Agricultural Ministry. Now at first I didn't want anything to do with him. He kept pointing his antennae at me whenever I walked through his office and I found that sort of rude. [Quark's] Both my sisters are teachers. I don't know how they can do it. Personally, I can't stand children. I know, I know everyone loves children. Not me. What about you? You like children? Really? You know, Doctor, I'm starting to think that maybe, just maybe, you're not really paying attention to. Wait a minute. What's that? There's something moving out there. It's getting closer. Stay back. No, don't hurt me. Please, stay back. No, don't! No! I'm a patient, aren't I? Doesn't that make me part of your work? Well, I've got news for you, Doc. I'm all talked out. It's time for you to cheer up one of your patients and take her mind off her impending doom. I feel better already. See how easy that was? Now keep going. How did they let you out of medical school with this kind of bedside manner? Are you sure you're a doctor? Oh, and we're especially proud of that, aren't we? Not at all. It'll take you days. [Quark's] (There's a Nausicaan on the bar monitor) No, no, it's all right, Miles. I don't mind. It sounds like you really need to talk with someone about this. Forget about me. You're the one who needs cheering up. Look, you've seen a lot of combat in the last year. That's a heavy burden to carry around. Oh, I'm sure. I'll let you in on a little secret, Miles. I dislike the whole concept of a ship's counsellor. But sometimes they just get in the way. Sometimes all you need are good friends. So where are they? Where are your friends, Miles? Why aren't they helping you through this? Well, if you can't talk to your friends and you can't talk to your wife, you know who that leaves? Boys, boys, don't fight over me. [O'Brien's cabin] Miles, I'll talk to you in the morning. Think about what I said. Good night. [Medical bay] Well, Julian, don't let me keep you from your work. I know how busy you are. Oh, so you've decided to spend your valuable time conversing with your patient again. That's three days in a row. You must be swamped with paperwork by now. I feel awful keeping you from your duties like this. Let me guess. Thanks to your amazing, genetically engineered brain, you not only did your work, you did the work of ten other doctors at the same time. Wrong again, my superhuman friend. As a matter of fact I'm not feeling well at all. The last injection didn't do the trick. I feel this heavy weight on my chest. It's getting harder to breathe and every time I move my head, the cave starts spinning. [Ready room] (weak and croaking) Trust me Ben, I'd much rather be worrying about your love life than about my own problems right now. She doesn't belong there Ben, that's why. She doesn't belong in that part of your life and you know it. Off duty, I'm sure Kasidy is exactly what you need. But on the Defiant, she's a random element, a piece that doesn't fit anywhere in the puzzle. This isn't about her. This is about you. You're having trouble doing your job when she's on the Defiant and that's a problem. It's also affecting your relationship, and that's another problem. Don't take it so hard. So you can't mix your personal life and your professional life. Most people can't. I certainly can't. I once served on the same starbase as my sister. Oh, what a nightmare that was. If you ask me, everyone on that ship could use some R and R. [Cargo bay] (Quark opens a case containing large crystals.)
(dark skinned) Most people don't have them because our ancestors were mostly human. My mom says they make me special. You're just jealous, Molly. Our ancestors decided to make this their new home. This is it. This is the oldest building there is. At first, everyone had to sleep here. All forty eight of them. You want to see where she was buried? Bye.
