And what is his role to be in this operation? You will not enter the bridge or any other secured space aboard this ship unescorted. If you do so, you will be killed. The fleet has recloaked and is about to set course for the Founders' homeworld at warp six. If we travel any faster, our warp signatures may be detected by the Jem'Hadar, even through the cloaking devices. The changeling is in quarters on C deck. There are forcefields in place to prevent his escape. We know that the Founders' planet lies at approximately these coordinates within the Omarion nebula. As you can see, there are no Jem'Hadar bases nearby. This means that even if the Founders did send out a distress call, it would take at least seven hours for any help to arrive. Computer analysis indicates that the planet's crust will be destroyed within one hour, and the mantle within five. I was not informed about this device. I agree with Garak. Yes. There is no way to be certain that all of the Founders will be on the planet when we attack. We should be prepared to encounter other changelings in the future and we could use more information on their capabilities. I want to take Odo back to Romulus for further study. This is Lovok. Acknowledged. Why were you trying to protect the changeling? My interest in the changeling is based on what I believe to be the strategic interests of the Romulan Empire. But you, you seem to have a personal interest in him. You are a practiced liar, Mister Garak, but I am a practiced observer. And I can assure you, I am going to be observing you very closely. [Warbird Bridge] Scan the planet for life-signs. What type of ships? Bring us about to three one eight mark two one five. Concentrate fire on ships attacking on the port quarter. There's no way out of here, Garak. The Jem'Hadar have cut us off. We need to consolidate the fleet and make our stand here. Bridge to Engineering. We need power to the weapons. Bridge to Engineering, respond. I'll be in Engineering. Tain, take command of the Bridge. You will need this in order to gain access to your runabout. Because no changeling has ever harmed another. Not exactly. Tain originated the plan, and when we learned of it we did everything we could to carry it forward. The Tal Shiar and the Obsidian Order are both ruthless, efficient organisations. A definite threat to us. After today the only real threat to us from the Alpha Quadrant are the Klingons and the Federation. And I doubt that either of them will be a threat for much longer. It is not too late for you, Odo. Come with me. You can still become one with the Great Link if you wish.
