(another red-headed woman) You never would've found your way out of there if I hadn't left that marker on that rock. I think you're just afraid that with two arms you'd actually have to do some real work for a change. You know good and well that my soil's more toxic than any other tract within a hundred kilometres. It's true. Once I get a chance to use one of the reclamators things'll change, I can promise you that. There's not much to think about, Shakaar, you know that. Tell the Kai or the First Minister or whatever she wants to be called these days, that the answer's no. We need the reclamators and that's the end of it. Now, who wants tuwaly pie? [Shakaar's farm] The authorities have seized your farm and they've brought in a scanning machine to hunt for the reclamators. They've also detained some of the other members of our resistance cell for questioning. Mobara, Klin and Ornak were taken away before I could reach them. The others are heading for the Kola Mountain stronghold. I said we'd meet them there and go over our plan. They're on the ridge. (A Bajoran troop is coming down towards them, scanning as they go.) The next time I start getting nostalgic for the old days, shoot me. He's right, Shakaar. It's just like in the old days. Every once in a while the Cardassians would get too close and we'd turn around and give them a bloody nose.
What about him? Oh. Sorry. It took some work, but I managed to retune the transporter scrambler. We stowed away aboard a transport ship making a run from Bajor. Just before it docked, I accessed the station personnel records. But it turned out to be a man with a phaser You did not. (sotto) Go get it. (Furel goes into the other bedroom.) Can I? How much longer? Been sneezing? Do you have any suspects? That's why we're here, to find out who's doing this and take care of it. You don't have to send us anywhere. Maybe you feel that way now, but trust me, when you find out who killed Latha and Fala, and maybe now Mobara, you're not going to want to leave it to someone else. You're going to want him dead and you're going to want us to do it. It's for you. She knows what they're for. We thought you might have trouble getting fresh herbs on the station, so we picked them last night. We're staying right here where we can keep an eye on you. On both of you.
