Oh! Where is it? It's gone! It's gone! My latinum hairbrooch. I had just made a third straight cross. I was leaning across the table to pick up the dice again, something brushed against me and my God, I've been wigged. Sign? What sign? You are dealing with a daughter of the Fifth House, Holder of the sacred Chalice of Rixx, Heir to the holy Rings of Betazed. Yes, and I know where it hurts the most, you little troll. Now, I want this room sealed and I want everyone in it strip-searched until you find my brooch. Well, my brooch has been stolen. It's been in my family for thirty six generations. It's absolutely priceless, and I want it back. Yes, of course, I'm certain. I never use this hair without it. Of course. Yes. (closing her eyes for a quick scan) No, but Betazoids cannot read Ferengis. That's it. That's my brooch. But how did you know? How perfectly brilliant of you. (Odo leaves with the prisoner) Doctor, I want to know everything there is to know about your Security Chief. [Ops] Such concentration. Such intensity, such a passion for your work. Tracking intergalactic malefactors. Tedious? No, those of us who have been beneficiaries of your heroism would never call your work tedious. We've learned that on this station, you are the thin beige line between order and chaos. Only my heart. Is Odo your first or last name? Ah, then I can just call you? It has a certain lyrical quality. Odo. It rolls off the tongue. I'm understand you're a shape-shifter. I've never been with a shape-shifter. I've heard you're the only one of your kind. All the men I've known have needed to be shaped and molded and manipulated. Finally I've met a man who knows how to do it himself. (She's backed him up against a console and is leaning in for a kiss as Odo leans back) Ah, there you are, Odo. (Odo tries to get back on the turbolift but it's already left) Have you ever been on the fourth moon of Andevian Two at dawn? I have the most wonderful holo-programme and I've reserved a suite for us with that Quark person. Of course. He's preparing a special picnic basket for us. Lwaxana. Upper pylon three. I've always wanted to see an upper pylon. [Turbolift] I know. I'll have Quark send one of his minions with our basket. We'll have our picnic up there. Lwaxana. I can swim. (Then the lights go out and the turbolift stops) Alone at last. [Ops] Besides, it wouldn't be polite. Do you suppose that we're actually in any danger? Well then, we might as well enjoy ourselves. Take the opportunity to get to know one another. Quietly. Of course. The quiet man. You know, I've always been attracted to quiet men. Odd, isn't it? But maybe there's more truth than we realise to that old axiom that opposites (Odo gives her a Look) Quietly. (She sits down) Odo. I don't think I can. Well, you don't have to say another word as long as we're here, but I think I really need to talk. Of course not. No, things could be much worse. My daughter and I were once trapped aboard a Ferengi cargo ship and it was dreadful. Well, all right, it wasn't actually dreadful, it was mildly lamentable. And it was all because of that loathsome Daimon. Well, actually he wasn't altogether loathsome. He was just slightly repulsive. But he did have a certain charm, in an insufferable sort of way. Of course he was totally at the mercy of his uncontrollable passion for me, which means he wasn't all bad now, doesn't it? You know, it wasn't all passion. There was some negligible commercial interest involved, but oh, the passion, that was perfectly real, and kind of sweet, in a way. He was so helpless. At first it was totally a question of expediency when I made love with him. what are you looking at? Well, frankly, by the time one thing led to another [Commander's office] Well, enough about me. Enough about me. Tell me about yourself. Yes, of course you are. Is that hair real? How did you do it? Your hair. You studied hairstyles? Assigned? You mean that's how you grew up, in a laboratory? Sounds very lonely to me. I'm sure you had to be, to survive, being so different from everyone else. Are you sure you're all right? You look warm. I can't imagine how it must have been. If it bothers you to talk about this? I don't think I understand. Perhaps you've been going to the wrong ones. Come to one of mine, Odo. I'll make sure that all the guests are there to entertain you. (Odo groans) No, you're not well. Odo, turn around. It's all right. Not even the scientist who was assigned to you? You don't have to be ashamed with me. How can I make it easier for you? My hair. (Odo turns round) Nobody's ever seen me like this. It looks ordinary. I've never cared to be ordinary. So you see, Odo, even us non-shape-shifters have to change who we are once in a while. No one's ever paid me a greater compliment. Let go. I'll take care of you. (And he falls into her skirt, held out to catch him) [Corridor] Well, it's about time. When it comes to picnics, the only thing that really matters is the company. Next time you see me, I'll give you a lot more to appreciate. [Ops]
Oh, hello, Odo. I can't help it. Because. (She stands up to show off her big belly.) I'm pregnant. (After the titles, Odo has picked his jaw up off the floor.) It's a miracle. I never thought I could have another baby. I won't let him do it, Odo. My husband, Jeyal. He wants to take my baby. That's why I ran away. He's Tavnian. They believe in strict separation of the sexes. Boys are raised by men, girls by women. Why, those poor children aren't even told the other sex exists until they're sixteen. And the day Jeyal found out, he said that he was going to take my baby away from me as soon as he was born. Well, I told him that that isn't what we'd agreed, that he had said it was going to be different with us because I wasn't Tavnian. During our wedding ceremony, he spoke so beautifully about why he wanted to marry me, but afterwards it was as if I had become a piece of property in his eyes. And it wasn't easy, believe me. Toward the end, I was practically a prisoner in my own house. Oh, no. Not Jeyal. He's the most wilful man I've ever met. I'm so tired. I've never needed a friend more than I do right now. I knew you would. You're such a dear, sweet man. Oh believe me, Odo, the last thing I want is to become a burden to you. I know how you value your privacy. All I want is a quiet place where I can have my baby in peace. Oh, I couldn't possibly go there. That's the first place Jeyal will look for me. I know him. He won't give up. Not until he finds me and gets his son back. That's why I came to you. Because I knew you'd protect me. You will protect me, won't you, Odo? [Replimat] (The alien woman enters and sits at the table next to where Jake is working. She opens a book. Those amazing pale blue eyes belong to Meg Foster.) My marriage was a sham. What I'd mistaken for love was nothing more than a prison. (Dax and Kira are medieval maidens, Worf is in his mok'bara gear and Lwaxana has talked them into melancholia.) So, tell me, where are you girls headed? Camelot. Love betrayed. Dreams shattered. (At the bar.) Odo. Won't you join the party? I'd love to. Sorry. Maybe next time. (Odo and Lwaxana leave) Kestra was six years old when she died. My sweet little girl. I lost my parents, a sister, a husband. But nothing, nothing compared to losing her. I didn't mean to carry on like that. I'm sorry. These are your quarters, aren't they? My replicator is acting up. Would you mind terribly if we popped in so I could get a cup of Gavaline tea? Oh, I already did. He said he'd get to it as soon as he could. Is this for shape-shifting? Well, what do most people know? Thank you. May I ask you something, Odo? Are you over her? Don't worry, I'm not going to throw myself at you if you say yes. How sad. Well, just don't go do what I did. Look for someone to fix your broken heart then end up pregnant and on the run. Oh! The baby kicked. May I sit down for a minute? The floor'll do. Like a changeling who's had to hold his shape too long. He's moving. Here, you want to feel? There! Oh, I'm so tired, Odo. I don't think I've had a decent night's sleep in weeks. Sometimes, with Betazoid babies, you can actually sense their thoughts. Such contentment. Someone once said life is a search to find the peace you once had when you were safe inside your mother. Don't worry, it's all right. You'll find your peace, just the same. No. There you are! (Odo oozes off his big piece and sits on top of it.) That's not fair. I didn't know you could do surfaces. Shall we try again? Oh, absolutely, I haven't had so much fun in months. It's my husband, isn't it? We're getting married? I don't quite know what to say. I'm just touched by your willingness to do this for me. Even so, thank you. He did? In a Tavnian wedding, the groom must stand before the bride and tell her why he wants to marry her. And then, in front of his family and friends, he must proclaim his love for her and convince her to accept him as her husband. No, no, you don't quite understand. If anyone present doubts the groom's sincerity, they can challenge the validity of the marriage. I give myself to you, forever and always. We did it. He's really leaving. Oh, Odo, you were wonderful. You know, for a minute there, I really believed you wanted to marry me. I suppose that we should tell them the truth. But let's wait till after the party. [Onaya's quarters] (Jake is still writing and Onaya is near sated on his creativity.) I have wonderful news. There's a transport for Betazed leaving this afternoon. I'm going home. If I did, I'd end up staying for months and that wouldn't be fair. I've imposed on you enough. I'll miss you, too. You've gotten used to having me around, haven't you? Oh, you dear, sweet man. Don't you see? What you want is company, someone to take care of. No, of course not. The problem is I want much more than that from you. You see, I can't help it. I'm still in love with you. And as much as I wish that you were in love with me, I know you're not. I could stay, I try to make you fall in love with me, but we both know that won't happen. Then I'd end up resenting you, and our friendship is far too important for me to let that happen. That's why it's better for both of us if I leave now. (Lwaxana kisses Odo.) Goodbye, husband.
Oh, you poor dear. I should never have given you all that candy. [Security office] (Odo is briefing his Starfleet stand-in for the Festival.) But don't call unless it's an emergency. The Constable will be occupied. Oh, do we have to be so formal? (She hugs Odo) Didn't they teach you any manners in Starfleet Academy? Be a dear, run along. The Constable and I have a lot of catching up to do. Make that half an hour. (The Security Officer leaves with a grin.) Officially I'm here as the Betazoid representative to the Gratitude Festival. But the truth is, I came to see you, you poor sweet tortured man. I know the torment you must be going through. To spend your whole life searching for your people only to discover that they're the leaders of that awful Dominion. Odo, don't worry. I'm here to help you. A sympathetic ear, a shoulder to cry on. A lap to melt in. You brave soul. Why don't we go someplace quiet, and you can tell me all about it. Oh, well, even better. First a little fun and relaxation, and then we can delve into the depths of your pain. I'll freshen up, and meet you in front of the Bajoran Temple for the Presider's opening address. I promise you, Odo, you'll never be alone again. [Turbolift] Level twenty three, section eight. (She gets a sudden stabbing headache.) [Kira's quarters] (Kira stretches out on the chaise-longue.) I love Bajoran music. It's so intelligent, so vital. It reminds me of you. Dance with me, Odo. Nonsense. I saw you moving to the music. Then sway with me, Odo. Sway with me. I'll come with you. But I want you to have it. It's my gift to you. Being with you is the only present I need. Now, come on. Let's go write our Renewal Scrolls. [Quark's] Why ever not? What is it, Odo? I may not be able to read your emotions, but I can read your expression. Something's wrong. I wish you'd tell me what's bothering you. Maybe it would help you. Why do I find stubborn men so attractive? (Bareil is resting his chin on Dax's shoulder.) Oh, Commander, I didn't realise that you and Lieutenant Dax were that close. I'll go with you. No, thank you. (Lwaxana has a headache, and so does Quark.) What are you looking at me for? [Infirmary] Zanthi fever? That's ridiculous, that's impossible. That only effects older Betazoids. I'm terribly sorry, Commander. I hope I haven't caused too much trouble. This is one Gratitude Festival they'll be talking about for a long time. I hope everything works out for you, Odo, with Major Kira. Don't worry, your secret's safe with me. After all, I know what it's like to be attracted to someone who doesn't necessarily feel the same way. If you get tired of waiting for her (she kisses him) you know where to find me.
