Has he been processed? You were told he was not to be harmed. I apologise for the way you've been treated, Mister O'Brien. I am Makbar, Chief Archon. I want your stay here to be as comfortable as possible under the circumstances. I've scheduled your trial to begin in two days. You've been assigned the Venerable Kovat as Public Conservator. Your lawyer. Many feel that he's the best counsel in all Cardassia. All in good time, Mister O'Brien. All in good time [Commander's office] Has been found guilty of aiding and abetting seditious acts against the state. The sentence is death. Let the trial begin. Conservator Kovat, is the offender ready to face his judgement? Let him enter. (O'Brien is escorted to the dock.) Mister O'Brien, you can spare your family and the Federation further humiliation by dispensing with this proceeding and confessing now. Very well. The Nestor and Mrs O'Brien may enter. (Odo and Keiko enter) Mrs O'Brien, this court recognises the disgrace your husband has brought to you. As is prescribed in the Cardassian Articles of Jurisprudence, we hereby offer you the opportunity to dissociate yourself from his actions by testifying against him. Call the first witness. I believe this is the first time you are serving as Nestor, so perhaps I should explain that you have no authority to address this court. You assist the defendant, that is all. All of Cardassia is watching these proceedings. Private conferences do not make for good viewing. You should have done this before we convened. Very well, make it quick. Enough. Are you ready to proceed, Conservator? Didn't I just explain to you that you may not? Silence! You are out of order, sir! You are supposed to respect our judicial procedures. Wouldn't you ask that we respect your rules if we were in your court? No! Sit down! And you, sir, do not try the patience of the Cardassian people. If this court finds you in contempt, you will discover the punishment very unpleasant. As for new evidence, yes, I fully expected the Federation to come up with remarkable new evidence in an attempt to free Mister O'Brien. I'm sure your experts can create all sorts of evidence to confuse the issues. That may work in your courts, but not here. There will be no new evidence considered. Call the first witness. [Commander's office] I thought we went over this yesterday, Mister Odo. What is it this time? Can you provide any details, Gul Evek? That's an acceptable answer. Are you satisfied, Nestor? Enough. This is already the longest trial in the history of Cardassia let's try to speed things up, shall we? Proceed, Mister Kovat. Court will resume. The offender will step forward and testify. Under Cardassian law, you are compelled to testify. Step forward. Do you wish to advise the offender at this time, Nestor? Very well. Proceed, Mister Kovat. Tell me, Mister O'Brien. How many Cardassians have you killed? Including the war, how many Cardassians have you killed? His past criminal record is very much relevant to these proceedings, sir. Answer the question. That many, eh? Tell me, Mister O'Brien, now that we are at peace, do you have a warm place in your heart for your Cardassian neighbours? Or are you deeply prejudiced against Cardassians? Do you not, in fact, hate Cardassians? Have you not on several occasions publicly stated your opposition to the treaty because, and I quote, 'the bloody Cardies can't be trusted'? There are no grounds in Cardassian law which permit you to decline. Answer the question. Is it an accurate quote or not? You may stand down, Mister O'Brien. No matter. You've done your usual eloquent job on his behalf, Conservator Kovat. Return to your seat. Once again the Cardassian system of jurisprudence has worked to protect it's people. A guilty man has been brought to justice. But, never let it be said that there is no room in this system for compassion. I sense in Mister O'Brien, a man with strong family ties, the potential for rehabilitation. And I'm sure he has gained a new appreciation of Cardassian law through this difficult process. Therefore, I am pleased, in the spirit of furthering Cardassian-Federation relations, to hereby set aside the verdict and to release Mister O'Brien into the custody of his Commander, Benjamin Sisko.
