Septimus Three will fall within the week. The Cardassian Eleventh Order. It's a reserve unit. Old men and walking wounded. They don't stand a chance. But enough about the war with the Dominion. I want to hear about the war at home. You just married that freighter captain, didn't you? Then war has broken out, whether you know it or not. A long, gruelling, intoxicating war. I remember the day my beloved Sirella moved into my home. I had a pet targ. Had him since I was a boy. A filthy, mangy beast, but in his bony breast beat the heart of a warrior. Of course, Sirella loathed him. Well, to make a long story short, while she was supervising the unloading of her bags, Sirella accidently left the front door open, and my faithful targ, ever ready to follow the call of the wild, tottered outside on his frail legs and disappeared into the forest. I never laid eyes on him again. You see my point. Don't get me wrong, I would not trade Sirella for all the targs on Kronos. And over the course of our marriage I've won more than my fair share of the battles between us. But in the end, I know she will win the war.
The changeling that replaced me has caused the death of countless Klingons. It is a grave dishonour. It took him over a year to modify the old life-support system into a transmitter. He wired the message and the transmission coordinates directly into the system circuitry. That way all he had to do was connect the transmitter to the power grid and let it run. Deyos. The Vorta who runs this camp. He's taking too much time. I would not be so eager if I were you. This (his missing eye) is his handiwork. His time will come. Now remember, every time you hit the ground, you must touch one of those posts or else you forfeit the match. Five matches and five victories. You truly have the spirit of Kahless within you. It is the only honourable thing to do. You heard him. Bandage his ribs. [Crawlspace] (The fibreoptic strands Garak is using as a light source are flickering.) What was that? How long has he been in there? Tell him to stop before they hear him. If Garak can't contact the runabout, we're not going anywhere. [Ops] Seven battles and seven victories. What hero of legend have done as well? Your Federation friends have taught you modesty, but this is no time for modesty. When we return to the Klingon Empire, I will seek out Keedera himself and tell him of your glorious tale. He will write a song worthy of you. I'll do better than that. I can make sure that he mentions you, the healer who bound the warrior's wounds so he could fight again. And would be unfortunate. There is no greater enemy than one's own fears. They are worthy fighters, but they have no sense of honour. (The Vorta has arrived.) Worf, honour has been satisfied. Stay down. (But Worf gets up) Worf, you heard him. Enough. I think very highly of him. I would be honoured.
Challenge Gowron? In the middle of a war? It's treasonous. You would have me protect the Empire by breaking my oath, by spilling the blood of a Klingon brother while an enemy stands at our door? Where is the honour in that? The troops are his to command. It is not our place to question him unless he acts with cowardice and there is no proof of that. I've heard every word that you have said. You want me to become Chancellor. Me. Tell me Worf, how do you think the members of the High Council will react when they're asked to follow a common man from the Ketha Lowlands? A man without a drop of noble blood in his veins? Kahless was divine. You begin to sound like a Romulan. I am a loyal soldier of the Empire. I would rather die than dishonour my uniform by raising a hand to my Chancellor in a time of war. I would bring shame to everything that I've fought to protect, everything that I believe in. My decision is made. We will not speak of this again. [Runabout] Sarpedion is the headquarters of the entire Twelfth Order. Chancellor, that world is one of the most heavily fortified positions in the entire Cardassian Empire. Fifteen battle cruisers will barely scratch their defences. I will fight any battle, anywhere, for the Empire. Worf, this is madness. (Worf knocks Gowron down first but he manages to retaliate. Worf's blade jabs into a console and Gowron breaks it in two, so Worf knocks Gowron down and uses the two pieces as daggers. Gowron sends Worf flying through a glass screen then comes over for the kill, but as he raises the bat'leth over his head, Worf stabs him in the stomach.) Hail Worf. Leader of the Empire! Worf! Worf! Worf! Worf, I do not seek the leadership.
Defend yourself, Worf. (Clashes of steel on steel.) So, how do you like convoy duty? Good. I was afraid you might be getting soft. I need a first officer for a dangerous mission. Dangerous enough to assure Jadzia a place in Sto-vo-kor. (More blows, then Worf disarms Martok and knocks him down.) Excellent. It will be a great victory.
The Chancellor is reluctant to commit such a large fleet to a single engagement. I will go see Gowron and you will come with me. I know. But what could be better? An ally and an enemy both telling him the same thing. He'll have no other choice but to agree.
Q'apla. (And walks on to the wine barrel) Hold on there. Don't I know you? I know we have met. The name is not familiar to me, but there is something about you. Mempa! Many noble deeds were done on that dark day. Mempa. Yes, that must be it. We will salute the fallen. There is something very familiar about this face. (Martok walks off, the group relaxes slightly and the emitters get placed, except - ) Long live Gowron! Long live the Empire! Come forward, H'Ta, son of Kahmar. Come forward, T'vis, son of Barot. Come forward, Huss, daughter of A'trom. (The last emitter is in place.) Come forward, Jodmos, son of Kobor. (Sisko puts the remote away, Worf puts his hand on his disruptor handle.) Captain Benjamin Sisko. I knew I recognised that face. Seal the room! It seems we have some uninvited guests. [Prison cell] (Sisko, Odo, O'Brien and Worf are in the same cell) Captain, you have no idea how much I've looked forward to killing you in battle. And now your foolishness has cheated me of that pleasure. Leave us. You heard me! (The guards leave) Don't you understand you've thrown your lives away for nothing? Or did you really think you could fool us into believing that Chancellor Gowron was a Dominion spy? Where's your proof? Gowron had your equipment destroyed. Captain, your mission was a failure. For that, you deserve to die. I am a loyal officer of the Empire. That would be treason. Months. I've known Gowron a long time. And it is no secret that we have not always agreed on the way he runs the Empire. He is a politician, too eager to compromise, too eager to talk. Last year, he stopped the attack on Deep Space Nine instead of going to war with the Federation. And then he changed. Suddenly he was the one calling for war. At first it did, but after the war began he started ignoring the counsel of his generals, throwing aside all wisdom in his pursuit of victory. Our losses continue to mount and still he listens to no one. There is only one certain way to expose Gowron for what he really is, to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that he is a changeling. Gowron must die. There will be no honourable combat, no formal challenges. I will release you and help you reach the Hall of Warriors, and then you will kill him. [Ty'Gokor Corridor] The prisoners will come with me for further interrogation. I see. Well, we wouldn't want to disobey the Chancellor. (Martok turns then disintegrates the guard. Sisko knocks out the second one) Follow me. [Hall of Warriors] For the Empire. Not you. There's no telling where your loyalties lie. [Hall of Warriors] What are they doing? Why doesn't Sisko just shoot him?
We must give the enemy credit. To launch an attack against Starfleet Headquarters. Even my people never attempted that. We've learned one thing about the Breen today, Captain. They're a race of warriors. Captain, every species has its weakness. They're no exception. Units assume positions. Attack to contact.
I need a first officer for a dangerous mission. Dangerous enough to assure Jadzia a place in Sto-vo-kor. Why? You're a bartender, not a warrior. Perhaps there is some Klingon in you after all. We shed our blood to prove we are not frightened of death. (Martok cuts his palm.) Including the shipyard. What about me, Worf? Would you rather I hadn't come on this mission either? And these men were her friends. They honour her with their presence. (The non-Klingons enter.) Chief. The Monac shipyard. (A huge collection of metal skeletons that goes on and on.) Display our target. Too close. Well, how do we do that? Decloak and prepare to fire on Worf's command. It didn't work. I suggest you work quickly, Chief. [Desert] Sisko raises his shovel to smash down on the box.) Well, Worf, did I not promise you a glorious battle? By all means, Chief. Fire! (A ball of plasma builds on the sun's surface.) Qapla'!
Captain Sisko. I bring greetings from your allies in the Klingon Empire. (Everyone say Hi! to  J G Hertzler.) It has been a long journey. My men require shore leave. Good. Sowee tah. (And an entire Klingon fleet shimmers into view, and we get to see there are three pips on Dax's collar.) [Quark's] (There are lots of Klingons in the bar, and Miles is demonstrating catching sand peas in his mouth.) A valid question. But first, let us be sure we are all who we say we are. (Martok cuts the palm of his hand with his dagger, and lets the blood drip onto the table) What I think doesn't matter. The blood will tell. (Sisko cuts his hand and lets the blood drip. Kira does the same.) We have been sent here to fight alongside our Federation allies against the Dominion. The Klingon High Council thinks it is. They will come. And when they do, we will be ready for them. [Holosuite - Trill public baths] (Kira is in the steam room when Dax enters with to muscular male escorts.) Sohk vad. (Martok leaves. Dax picks up the daggar.) I have come for my son's d'k tahg. Give it to me or I will take it from you. You robbed my son of his honour just to get my attention? Are you saying my son is without honour? And what of his father? Tell me, what have I done to earn your disrespect? Whatever we have done is in the best interests of the Alpha Quadrant. I do not wish to quarrel with you, Worf. I am here under the authority of Gowron himself. I am carrying out his orders. That should be all the explanation a Klingon warrior needs. They will get one soon enough. Until then, know this. My mission will determine the fate of the Klingon Empire. Interfere, and you risk destroying us all. [Holosuite - cave] (Worf is exercising by fighting skull-headed monsters. Dax enters and he is distracted for the moment. The monster gets some good blows in.) I must compliment you on your intelligence network, Captain. One day you must tell me how you learned of our plans. I think it is. And so will Gowron. And what do you propose we do instead? Stand by and let the Dominion take over the Alpha Quadrant? The change in government is all the proof we need. That would be unfortunate for the Cardassians. Are you saying the Federation will sit back and do nothing while Klingon soldiers give their lives to protect the Alpha Quadrant? Then the victory will be ours alone. Believe me, Captain, we have no wish to antagonise your people. I will consult with Gowron. You will have his decision within the hour. [Ops] Captain, I demand you surrender the Cardassian council members to us immediately. Consider what you're doing, Captain. The lives of everyone on your station are at risk. It's a trick. An illusion created by thoron fields and duranium shadows. [Ops] A klingon kaogh. Jee yaJ. Duj-va, Yod wee kaW. [Ops] (Consoles start blowing up.) We will not surrender! We can still win! Ach Gowron, yay chol.
How many more reports does the High Council require? There will come a day, Darok, when your services as my aide may no longer be required. Ah, Worf, good to see you. Thank you, Darok. (Darok leaves.) It's a pity Captain Sisko frowns on summary executions. What can I do for you? Tell me you're not going to ask me to give that man a ship! Then your hopes are in vain. That man is not welcome in my house and I will certainly not have him commanding a ship in my fleet. Not another word! Do you hear? Not a word! Now get out of here before I forget we are brothers. [Captain's office] I plan to attack the Trelka Five starbase, then push deeper into Cardassian territory. I'll hit the Manora shipyards, the Jem'Hadar breeding facility on Sheva Two, the supply depots in the Borias Cluster. I don't intend to destroy the base, just damage it. Throw them off balance and then move on to the next target. Imagine the chaos we'll cause once we're in behind their lines. Five birds of prey. Battle cruisers are too slow, too unwieldy for a mission like this. Perhaps the Defiant should remain here, just in case the Jem'Hadar try their own cavalry raid. But it may be prudent for the Defiant and a dozen or so other starships to be waiting for us when we return. I'm sure you'll be ready to welcome them. Make a note of that for Chief O'Brien. He should give the Ch'Tang first priority. (Worf approaches) So, if you have something to ask me do it now before Darok buries me under more paperwork. Clear the bridge! (Worf and Martok are left alone.) I did not expect to hear anything further on this subject from you. No, of course not. Very well. Talk and be done with it. I would not give that man the gnawed bones of my last meal, much less command of a ship. You can wound a man without ever seeing his face. When I was a boy, my family still lived in the lowlands of Ketha Province. We had very little, but it didn't matter. We were a family of warriors. Fifteen generations had served as soldiers of the Empire, but my father had higher hopes for me. He wanted his son to become an officer. It took a great deal of effort, but eventually he found someone willing to sponsor me. I passed my entrance exam on my first attempt and all that remained was final approval by the oversight council. A simple formality. My application was rejected by one member of that council. Kor. Why? Kor's family descends from the Imperial Court itself. Kor is of the blood, born to rule by the divine will of Kahless! And what was I? A boy from the Ketha lowlands. He could not bear the thought of someone like me joining the elite officer ranks. And so, to my father's embarrassment and my everlasting shame, my application was denied. And with the mark of Kor on my record I could not join even as a common soldier. I spent five years as a civilian labourer aboard General ShiVang's flagship. Then, as fortune would have it, the Romulans made a foolhardy attempt to board our ship. I earned a battlefield commission. Unfortunately, my father did not live to see that glorious day. And if Kor had had his way, I would still be a civilian on that ship, cleaning the officers' mess. Made him an officer, just like that. That's the difference between his name and mine. His opens doors, mine closes them. It's done. Your apology is not sought. But know this, Worf. Kor is your responsibility. I want nothing to do with him. [Replimat] Very well. Signal the squadron. Prepare to get underway. Stand by to cloak. Helm, set course three two five, mark zero zero three. Full impulse till we clear the outer marker, then go to (Everyone is staring at) Return to your duties or I'll find a crew that can! Helmsman! I gave you an order. Don't you have something to do? Then find something. And before the Cardassians realized we were even there, we destroyed the entire camp and the relay station! I'm going to send the Malpara and Ning'tao in ahead of the rest of the squadron. They'll make a single strafing run on the base and then head out of the system. When the enemy sends out their repair crews to assess the damage, then the rest of the squadron will decloak. With any luck, we'll catch them not only unprepared but with their entire damage control effort underway. I'm glad you approve. Yes? Set defence condition one. Leaving their base unprotected. Helm, take us in. Bring us to a hover three hundred metres above the base. Stand by to decloak on my command. Scan the base. Decloak the ship and open fire. Fire torpedoes! Helm, lay in an escape course. No, only one pass. Leave the system! You old fool. By the hand of Kahless, get us out of here! Engage cloaks. No time to waste. Proceed, proceed to the rendezvous then on to the Manora shipyards. Warp seven. Worf, get that man out of here. [Quark's] And find out what is wrong with the Ning'tao. I know Captain Lurkan is young, but he must realise the importance (spots Kor) the importance of keeping formation. I've been thinking about our next objective. Perhaps we should go after a bigger target, something more threatening to our forces. Now, what about the base on Caleb Four? Your duties are right here. Someone was just telling me about the defences on Caleb Four. Who was that? That's right. Third officer! Tell us about Caleb Four. Is it manned by Jem'Hadar or Cardassian troops? But how can that be? The Federation is our ally. Surely Kor is aware of that. Confused? The Dahar Master? Surely not. We must be the ones who are confused. Enlighten us. Who mans the base on Caleb Four? Dominion or Federation? Stop it, both of you. Don't you have any respect for one of the greatest heroes of the Empire? He's thinking it over. Give him time. The last son of the House of Kor should not be rushed. Well, say something, old man. Or have you lost your tongue as well as your mind? You've removed Kor from active duty. Still, you're his friend. It must have been difficult for you. I've hated his name for almost thirty years. I've dreamt of the moment when I would finally see him stripped of his rank and title, when he would suddenly find himself without a friend in the world, without the power of his birthright. Well, I've had that moment now. And I took no joy from it. Have you thought about what will become of him when we return to Deep Space Nine? I'll have a word with Gowron as well. Yes? On my way. [Klingon Bridge] Where are they? How can that be? They do now. Helm, have you located the Defiant? A fine theory, but how do we execute it? How long would that delay them? What do you mean, you could do it? But Worf, this means that you'd be sacrificing the entire crew of the Ning'tao. Signal the Ning'tao. Tell them to prepare for a change in command. [Kor's quarters] On the bridge? By Kahless's hand, how many? Die well, Worf. Worf! But then who? Kor! I hope that old fool understands what he's doing. How goes the battle? One ship against ten. It doesn't seem possible. How? How did that pompous old man hold off an entire Jem'Hadar fleet with only one ship? Darok, give me that bottle. (Martok knocks off the cork with his knife.) To Kor. A Dahar Master and noble warrior to the end.
Captain, it would appear I owe you a barrel of bloodwine.
This is General Martok of the IKS. Rotarran, requesting permission to dock. Try not to get too comfortable lounging around the starbase. We need you back in the fight. One of my many pleasures. Done. [Rotarran Mess hall] Good. Look at this. Barely moving. I'd give my good eye for a plate of fresh gagh. How many replacements? Five? I requested fifteen. We keep falling back. The Dominion keeps pushing forward. I tell you, Worf, war is much more fun when you're winning. Defeats make my wounds ache. Ah, the replacements. (Two teenagers, two women and a pensioner.) I am General Martok. Welcome to the Rotarran. May you prove worthy of this ship and bring honour to her name. This is a glorious moment in the history of the Empire, a chapter that will be written with your blood. Fight well, and our people will sing your praises for a thousand years. Fail, and there will be no more songs, no more honour, no more Empire. Who among you hears the cry of the warrior calling you to glory? Rozhenko? Of what house is Rozhenko? Well, there will be plenty of honour for the taking on this ship. Enough for all of you. I accept your lives into my hands. Glory to you and to the Empire! This Alexander Rozhenko, you know him? Orders at last. We are to escort a convoy to Donatu Five. Which is why this one must get through. The Rotarran is all the High Council can spare. A vital mission, impossible odds and a ruthless enemy. What more could we ask for? I tell you Worf, I feel young again. Here is the briefing. Start battle drills immediately. Train them hard. I expect nothing less. Worf, one moment. We have shed blood together, escaped from a Jem'Hadar prison together. You have pledged yourself and your life to my House. Yet in all this time, you have never once mentioned that you had a son. That much is obvious. I see. So you allowed her to raise the boy. Why? Then why has he joined the Klingon Defence Forces? This is not good, my friend. When a father and son do not speak, it means there's trouble between them. Then do so. [Rotarran - Worf's quarters] (Worf is looking at a picture of him and Alexander in the Enterprise days when the doorbell squawks.) There's only one thing I hate about convoy duty. It's the waiting. You'd think after all these years I'd be used to it. But nothing breaks the tension better than a tankard of warnog. Except maybe a good brawl. Yes, but not from my First Officer. I lost him the moment his son stepped aboard this ship. It is not an easy thing to stand aside and watch someone injure your son. Ch'Targh might have cut him a little and maybe broken a few bones, but nothing more. You told me Alexander never wanted to be a warrior. Clearly he has changed his mind. Worf, you are his First Officer. Teach him to survive. The Jem'Hadar will be less forgiving than Ch'Targh. Report. On screen. (blank) Where is it? Drop cloak, raise shields. Evasive action. Brace for impact. Stand down from alert status. Resume course. Reactivate cloak. Wait. He'll never make that mistake again. It's better that we should be too ready than not ready enough. You see, they have accepted him. Continue. (Alexander tries the 'passing from hand to hand' movement, and the bat'leth goes flying again. Martok picks it up.) Fine blade, well balanced. But in the end, it is only as good as the warrior who wields it. Tell me, Alexander Rozhenko. Why are you on my ship? That is a slogan, not an answer. Say what is in your heart. I have no need to. I look in their faces and I know why they are here. They are Klingon warriors. They have answered the call of Kahless. Lie to yourself if you must, but not to me. You do not hear the warriors' call. I ask again, why are you here? What? You're as tight lipped as your father. Both stubborn, tiresome qu'vatlh. The only difference is I need him. I do not need you. I just gave you one and you failed. Your father has requested that you be transferred off this ship. He has every right, both as your superior officer and as your father. At twenty three seventeen, you will transport to the cargo vessel Par'tok. Collect your gear. Now. [Rotarran Mess hall] (Alexander stabs his dagger into the table by Worf's plate.) Battle stations. Alert status one. [Rotarran Bridge] (KaBOOM goes a Jem'Hadar ship as another attacks the Rotarran from astern.) And the Jem'Hadar? Weapons, lock onto that nacelle. Fire at will. Full pattern. (Alexander's console blows up in his face. Ch'Targh looks shocked.) Helm, bring us to three one seven mark zero four five. Weapons, can you hit him? Come to course zero two zero mark seven Worf, get that plasma leak under control before we lose that entire deck! (Another console explodes, another Klingon is down.) Status. Engineering, reroute all auxiliary power to the disrupters. Disengage overload suppressor. Worf, put us off the Jem'Hadar's starboard quarter. Weapons, continue to target his damaged nacelle. (Finally, the nacelle is blown off and KaBOOM!) Helm, on my command, reduce impulse power to one third. Bring us to course three five five mark zero nine zero. Weapons, be ready for him to pass in front of us. Now. (KaBOOM!) Well done. Go. Stand down from alert status. N'Garen, take the helm. [Rotarran Corridor] Martok degh, to-Duj degh, bat-LEH degh, mat-LEH degh. DAH! (Alexander picks up the insignia, looks at it then puts it on his left sleeve.) Welcome to the House of Martok, Alexander, son of Worf. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I'm telling you, Captain, we have to find a way to expand our lines beyond the Kalandra system. And allow the Dominion to flank us. What about it? Captain. I'll talk to Chancellor Gowron as well. Ferengi! I'll have you hanging by your ears.
Gentlemen, a magnificent victory lies before us. They are. And I've not forgotten the promise I made to both of you. A bottle? I brought a barrel of twenty three oh nine. There is no finer vintage. We'll see who gets there first. (Transmission ends.) As I predicted, the day is ours. He's right. The Dominion has displayed an ability to build ships at an impressive rate. We should continue the attack. And we must see to it that those soldiers did not die in vain. My friends, songs will be sung about this day. It will be a glorious battle. Qapla! [Dominion briefing room] This is a moment worth savouring. To victory, hard fought and well earned. (Sisko and Ross do not drink.) What's wrong? Before you waste too many tears, remember, these are Cardassians lying dead at your feet. Bajorans would call this poetic justice. Humans. Pah. Ka DiJaQ. [Dominion briefing room] We've been discussing your plans for the future. And I am not a politician. But sometimes fate plays cruel tricks on us, Worf. Come. Kronos needs you. And what's more, I need you. Excellent. An Ambassador who'll go targ hunting with me. Well, perhaps being Chancellor won't be so bad after all.
Only five squadrons. It appears you've found the weak spot we've been looking for. That will not be an easy task. They're an arrogant and untrustworthy people. We will succeed! Mark my words. By this time next year, the three of us will drink bloodwine in the halls of Cardassia's Central Command. [Dominion briefing room] (Meanwhile, on Cardassia.) Apparently, this jackal has more courage than the entire Romulan Senate. This is not the time for calm. It's time to strike the enemy and strike them hard. But this p'tagh would rather sit home and count his dead. What good is an ally who'll stab you in the back? It is where he belongs. [Captain's office] It is dangerous to walk a different path. How much time do we have before they are? Leave it to a Romulan to run at the first sign of trouble. We'll have to leave first thing in the morning. All the better. It leaves more for the rest of us. (Martok and Letant leave.) This is General Martok to all ships. Assume tactical formation. We are moving out. Martok to Sisko. My attack wing is closest to those Jem'Hadar fighters. Preparing to engage. The Jem'Hadar have managed to cripple or destroy fifteen of my ships. That won't be necessary. Commence firing on the weapon platforms. (Ka-BOOM go a few platforms, then as the fleet move into the system, the rest spring to life. They open their spider legs and start firing at our ships, cutting big holes in hulls.) [Dominion briefing room] Martok to the Defiant. Well done, Major. We will begin transporting ground troops to both planets immediately.
The human fascination with what might have been is tiresome, doctor. The artery was not severed and I am not dead. Your observation is noted. But spending two years in a Dominion prison camp has dulled my reflexes. This only proves that I need further training. I do not want an artificial eye! There are limits as to how far I will indulge you, Doctor. Route the message to my quarters. Doctor, thank you. Cadet. I must cancel our appointment. I've received new orders from the High Council, a mission of some importance. I must prepare. Oh, Doctor Bashir made the necessary repairs. I told him it was a holosuite accident. He would not understand the need to draw blood in a warrior's training exercise. I was the one who did not parry the blow in time. A simple, foolish mistake. One that I would not have made two years ago. Three days ago, the battle cruiser B'Moth began a patrol along the Cardassian border. They have not been heard from since. They are now reported as missing. That is our assumption as well, but we must be sure. So I have been given command of a Bird of Prey, the Rotarran, to conduct a search for the B'Moth. This is the first time I will have led troops in the field since my confinement by the Dominion. I tell you, Worf, without shame, there were days in that prison camp when the thought that I would never again set foot in a Klingon vessel made me weep like an old woman. An adventure that we could share, my friend. I need someone I can trust at my side. Someone whose loyalty I can count on. Worf, son of Mogh, I ask you to join me on this mission as my friend and as my First Officer. [Captain's office] I accept your lives into my hands. De-lak DOH! Ahead one quarter impulse. No. That would take us into the Tong Beak Nebula. I want to go around the nebula. I'm aware of that. There are reports of the Dominion operating ships in the Nebula. I would like to avoid a fight with the Jem'Hadar. Your tone does not sit well with me, helmsman. Our mission is to find the B'Moth, not satisfy your warrior's pride. Mahk-cha. (Worf sets up a rhythm by hitting a console, then begins to sing.) Dishonourable conduct. Dereliction of duty. Inattention to orders. Unmotivated. Insufficiently aggressive. These personnel reports read like prison records. It's more than a case of low morale, Worf. This crew has been beaten so many times they expect defeat. And that is dangerous. And mine. No one hungers for a victory over the Jem'Hadar more than I do. No one. But we must be cautious. We cannot risk taking this crew into combat before they're ready. I know you will, my friend. Together we will make the Rotarran an honourable ship again. A ship worthy of the Empire. You may return to your station. [Klingon Mess hall] (The bloodwine is flowing.) What are they doing here, this far from the Cardassian border? Can their scans penetrate our cloak? What's our weapons status? No. Take us back to our original course. Take us back to our original course. Our priority is to find the B'Moth. No, Worf. Do not question me! Is the course laid in? Engage. Stand down from Alert Status. You have the bridge. (Martok leaves.) I brought you here to support me, not to undermine my authority! Little risk. What if they had gotten off a distress call before we destroyed them? They could have given away our position, called in reinforcements. We would have spent the next three days avoiding Jem'Hadar ships instead of carrying out our mission! No, my friend, no. This was not the right time for battle. You question my judgment in this matter? Good. Without your support I cannot command this ship. Tell me that I have not made an mistake in making you my First Officer. I knew you would not fail me, Worf. And you can rest assured I will not fail you. [Klingon Mess hall] (Dax enters and gets a drink.) Something is wrong here, Worf. I can feel it. If the B'Moth was attacked by the Jem'Hadar, why would there be survivors? We both know the Jem'Hadar do not leave a task half-finished. If they left the ship intact and part of the crew alive, they did it for a reason. How is it I have only one eye, but I can see more clearly than anyone around me? They deliberately left survivors on that ship. Why? Because they want someone to try to rescue them. Oh, do not take this personally, my friend. I spent two years with the Jem'Hadar. I do not expect you to have the same insight into them that I do. They're soulless creatures, Worf, fighting for no goal, no purpose except to serve the Founders. They take no pleasure in what they do. Nothing is glorified, nothing affirmed. To the Jem'Hadar, we are nothing more than targets to be destroyed. I must not allow them to destroy us, Worf. I must not Of course. Dismissed. Helm, keep us at least five million kellicams from the border. Hold! Commander Dax, what side of the border are they on? There are probably five Jem'Hadar warships out there right now just waiting for us to cross the border. I have explicit orders from the High Council not to enter Cardassian territory. We do not know that. All that we know is there is an automated distress call. They could all be dead by now. Then there is nothing we can do for them. I will not throw away the lives of this crew in a futile rescue attempt. I have made my decision! We will not cross the border! From this moment, anyone who questions that, anyone, will be charged with treasonable disobedience. Worf, you have the Bridge. (Martok leaves. Leskit laughs.) Who gave the order to? What's going on here? You what? I never would have expected this from you, Worf. (They draw knives and start the fight. Worf gets first blood. The crowd urges him on. Worf is close to killing Martok, but Martok pushes him away. Finally, Martok stabs Worf in the abdomen.) The Jem'Hadar will soon learn to regret this day. Who is with me? Mahk-Cha! Major, we've rescued thirty five survivors of a disabled Klingon battle cruiser. Request permission to beam them directly to your Infirmary. We'll need an engineering team to repair our battle damage. And one other thing. Arrange to have fifteen barrels of bloodwine waiting for us in the airlock so we can celebrate the first victory of the Rotarran over the Jem'Hadar! [Quark's cafe] Worf. The High Council has issued a commendation for the entire crew of the Rotarran. It would seem that you were right. They view the destruction of a Jem'Hadar ship and the rescue of thirty five warriors as ample justification for crossing the Cardassian border. Your actions on the Rotarran, at the time I thought they were disloyal, but I have come to realise that your intention was to remind me of my duty as a soldier of the Empire and as a warrior. For that I am grateful. Worf. On the bridge during the fight, when you dropped your guard. How did you know I would not kill you? I see you're still wearing the crest of the House of Mogh. Ah. Perhaps you would consider replacing sentiment with the symbol of a new beginning. (He takes his crest from his sleeve.) The House of Martok would be honoured to welcome the Son of Mogh into our family as a warrior and a brother. (Worf changes the badge on his sash.)
There are advantages to falling back. They shorten their own supply lines while forcing us to lengthen ours. He's right. We have them on the defensive. We should hit them with everything we've got. The Klingon Empire votes to attack now before they have time to recover.
You knew about this, didn't you? And you did nothing to stop it? Do you have any idea how much paperwork a Supreme Commander has to do? No, I'll keep my flag aboard the Rotarran. It may be cramped, but at least I'll feel like I'm still in the war. By the way, I'd like Worf to continue functioning as my principal Intelligence Officer. At least if he's busy he'll stop going on about this wedding of his. There were times aboard the Rotarran he nearly drove me mad. Until his son arrived, it was all he could talk about. Then Alexander became all he could talk about. The man is nothing if not single-minded. He's a fine boy. Dedicated, eager. He has the heart of his father, but he's not the best soldier I've ever seen. [Quark's] You cannot imagine the experience that awaits us. Four long nights filled with song and fellowship. A time of unbridled pleasures. I advise you all to get plenty of rest. She will be taking a different journey with my wife. By marrying Worf, Dax will be joining the House of Martok. Since the Mistress of a Great House must approve all marriages, Sirella will spend the next four days evaluating Jadzia. (The airlock opens and a stately Klingon woman comes out.) My Lady. My deterioration is proceeding apace. I shall endeavour to die this year, if possible. Allow me to present Captain Benjamin Sisko, Commander of Deep Space Nine. Captain, may I present the Mistress of the House of Martok, my wife and the mother of my children, Sirella, daughter of Linkasa. Jadzia's quarters are in the Habitat ring, section twenty five alpha. Shall I escort you? It's quite far away. Magnificent, isn't she? [Dax's quarters] Sirella is a woman of strong convictions. She believes that by bringing aliens into our families we risk losing our identity as Klingons. We are Klingons, Worf. We don't embrace other cultures, we conquer them. If someone wishes to join us, they must honour our traditions and prove themselves worthy of wearing the crest of a great House. Of course she is. She is an honourable woman and a formidable warrior. That's not such a good idea. I don't want her to think that I'm interfering in her domain. I wouldn't do that if I were you. Well, the truth is, she doesn't like you that much either. Don't let that bother you I had every right to bring you into the family and she's accepted the fact that there's nothing she can do about it. And they say that you have no sense of humour. [Holosuite cave] (Dark, with a central fire and lit by flaming torches.) Prepare yourselves, my friends, for a journey you won't soon forget. At the conclusion of the wedding ceremony, you will use them to attack Worf and Dax. It is a symbolic attack only. (Alexander has found the buffet table.) It is a short time, I know, but we must make the best of it. The whole point is to push yourself to the limits of your endurance. Of course, we cannot expect you non-Klingons to have the same stamina as we do. If you wish to quit, no one will think any less of you. That's the spirit! (sings) Kavek ko lee ko Let rivers flow from our veins. Worf, you've made a grave error. Do you still love her? We are not accorded the luxury of choosing the women we fall in love with. Do you think Sirella is anything like the woman I thought that I'd marry? She is a prideful, arrogant, mercurial woman who shares my bed far too infrequently for my taste. And yet I love her deeply. We Klingons often tout our prowess in battle, our desire for honour and glory above all else. But how hollow is the sound of victory without someone to share it with. Honour gives little comfort to a man alone in his home and in his heart. [Quark's] (Dinner is served.) Worf is apologising to Jadzia at this very moment. Not yet. (Sirella embraces Worf.) Patience. (Dax curtseys to Sirella.) Now, Doctor! (Blackout for the blood-curdling screams and thumping sounds.) <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
I will sound the alarm. Captain, fighting at the border or fighting them here at the station makes no difference to me. (Martok leaves.) Captain, we just detected a large force of Dominion ships headed your way. They should be there within the hour. (Static) And they will. You have my word on it, Captain. You may continue your work, Commander. I will handle the Jem'Hadar.
Captain, I need to speak to you. Alone. Captain, my crew and I were patrolling the Cardassian border. We intercepted a very disturbing message. (Martok hands over a PADD.) I was as surprised as you. I thought the Maquis were wiped out by Cardassia and their new Dominion allies, but it would appear I was mistaken. No. But that proves nothing. A few months ago, the Klingon High Council decided to aid the Maquis in their fight against Cardassia. We provided them with thirty class four cloaking devices. It was our understanding they would use them on their ships. You see the problem. The death toll could be in the millions. A sabre bear is most deadly when it is trapped with no hope of escape. And their Dominion allies will see that they get it. They'll launch a counterstrike against the Federation, the Klingon Empire, and the entire Alpha Quadrant. No, no, no. You can do better than that. You're barely making contact. Again! More wine! (Nog and Jake are at a table) We will decide when it is time to move. Is that so? You are either very brave or very stupid, Ferengi. (smiles) Indeed. Courage comes in all sizes. But don't tempt fate. Khi-gosH. (The Klingons leave.) Cadet.
I've ordered every ship in the Klingon fleet to adjust its reactor the same way. By tomorrow, we'll have fifteen hundred Klingon vessels ready for deployment. I am aware of that, General. We'll operate in small battle groups, going in under cloak, engaging the enemy, and trying to provoke them into pursuit. It's true. The vintage. Twenty three oh nine, I take it? I accept this honour in the name of the House of Martok and I ask only to be allowed to continue to serve the Empire. (Martok cuts his palm.) Thank you for the help, my friend. I am grateful for the opportunity to serve. I do it gladly. And I'll keep on fighting until the victory is ours. Chancellor, I don't understand. Are you unsatisfied with the way I have performed my duties? First he gives me a medal, then he takes over my command. It makes no sense. What's he afraid of? That I'm going to challenge his position? I have no interest in politics. I'm a soldier. By the hand of Kahless. I've earned my position. I've risen through the ranks, fought countless battles. What has he done? Schemed and plotted his way to power. Many brave warriors have given their lives in this war. (sigh) Whatever Gowron's motives are, it is our duty to help him defeat the Dominion. We owe it to our fallen comrades. Well, I had better gather my things. This office belongs to Gowron now. [Damar's base] (Mealtime) Of course. What are you proposing, Chancellor? But we are barely holding the line as it is. We are outnumbered twenty to one. Chancellor, in my opinion
Where are my cases of bloodwine! No. But he can. [Cargo bay] Sixteen cases, sent to me by my wife. Now where are they? Chief, I want that bloodwine back here by tomorrow. Understood? [Runabout Rio Grande] Chief! I wanted you to have this. Consider it an apology. An even better vintage than the one my wife sent me.
Well said, Captain. And my ship will be at your side. Tell her. No, it cannot. Raktajino. It's been weighing heavily on his mind. He has been unable to talk about anything else for days. Now that that's settled, I'm going to take care of this. Klingons make great warriors but terrible doctors. Just the man I wanted to see. Fourteen out of a hundred and twelve.
Do I know you? (Martok is missing his left eye.) Yes, I've heard of you. Two years. Or hope of escape. If you are Worf then you must be Garak. He said you would come. [Barracks] (Steel walls, metal bunk beds, two Romulans, one Breen and someone on a bunk) There. It's his heart. He was convinced that you would come. Before this asteroid was converted into a prison, the Dominion used to mine ultritium here. There was no dome. Each of these barracks had its own life support system embedded in the walls. Yes. There's a crawl space just behind those panels. He spent hours in there working every day for months on end. Cardassians. They're clever people. Especially that one. But in just a few days at best, he'll be dead. Good. A friend. (Martok and the Romulans leave, Worf and Garak follow) [Internment centre] Well, it appears we are all who we seem to be. The same thing happened to me, except I was hunting sabre bear out on Kang's Summit. Little did I know I was being stalked as well. And now I'm told the changeling that replaced me has caused the death of countless Klingons. It is a grave dishonour. I thought you might want to know. If you wish to speak to Tain do it now, before it's too late. [Barracks]
