That's important. When hearts are in sympathy, time collapses. How ambitious. And such an adventurous undertaking for a woman of your delicate sensibilities. Are you sure that's wise? Prospecting can be risky. And now you plan to carry out your father's dream. How brave of you to do all of this on your own. Maybe I could help. Would you consider some kind of partnership? (Odo puts his hand on Martus' shoulder) Exactly where are we going? But I've done nothing wrong. Security Chief Odo, isn't it? Should I be flattered? Well, everyone has to be from somewhere. Where are you from, Odo? What routine? Everyone has to have someone to confide in, someone to hear their stories I offer a sympathetic ear. And if they request my help I give it to them. Some might call helping an elderly couple invest their savings a compassionate act. I had a run of bad luck. No one regrets it more than I do. This isn't necessary. It really isn't necessary. I'm not going anywhere. Let's have a drink. Talk a bit? [Racquetball court] (O'Brien enters is casual workout clothes with his racquet, and Bashir is there in a snazzy one-piece doing fancy exercises) Pardon me, friend. Pardon me! (Martus nudges the shelf to shut him up and it works) Friend? Friend, re you all right? (Grunt and he wakes up. My husband does that too) I thought you'd died. You were snoring. Yes, well, I'm sorry I had to wake you. Of course not. I'm not listening. A gambling device? (it stops flashing) Did you win? You gambled away everything you had? But what does this have to do with the toy? Sounds like you just had a lot of rotten luck. That's nice. What did you win? (Cos is slumped against the wall with a look of blissful peace on his face. Martus takes the sphere.) Officer, you've got a dead prisoner in here. Officer! [O'Brien's quarters] Another winner. What luck. Of course. Didn't I tell you? They're my friends. [Quark's] (Playing dice in a cup with Morn) Prosecco. Double or nothing? If I lose, I'll give you this. (the sphere) My luck's running good today. I don't know what you mean. Well, we can't all be as successful as you are. Just push the key. (Quark loses) Too bad. (Martus wins) As I told you, my luck's running good today. A little tinkering, some replication and expansion, it might make a nice addition to your casino. That's a tidy sum. I might have accepted, but the offer of the drink? That tells me you're very interested. Oh, it's legendary, I'm sure. I'll take one hundred times what you've got here. You'll be in profit by the end of the week. (More coins go down) Perhaps I'll hold on to it a bit longer. It seems overconfidence comes in small packages around here. Thanks for the drink. [Promenade] (O'Brien jogs past, using wrist weights as Martus notices that a shop is being closed down) Times are difficult. Then why are you shutting down? Not the same, is it, working by yourself. Welcome, friends, welcome, welcome. Welcome to Club Martus. [Promenade - upper level] I've promised your underpaid sibling a one quarter partnership in my establishment. That's wonderful. What's wrong? How much do you need? Ten thousand Isiks? It won't be easy to raise that kind of money. I might know someone. But what kind of return could they expect on their investment? Don't worry, Alsia, I'll do everything in my power to keep your dream alive. Is there some problem, Rom? You mean to say he'd poison the canapés? Don't worry about Quark. I've had the most astonishing run of luck lately. I'm beginning to think I can do no wrong. (He pulls the scantily clad waitress onto his knee, then spots Roana entering) Neatness counts. Never think it doesn't. A toast to the Queen of the Promenade. A woman whose business acumen is matched only by her beauty and charm. Have I missed anything? To you, my treasure. Are you as pleased as I am? I think we make quite a good team. Perhaps we should consider formalising our relationship. What do you think? You deserve nothing less. (Someone wins on the spheres) I had them replicated from a handheld version a friend gave me. No one has. [Ops] They all hit the jackpot at once? Is there any way I can blame this on you? No, I suppose not. All right, pay them all off. [Quark's] I just don't understand. Things were going so well. I couldn't care less about your trivial childhood. We've been virtually abandoned, and I want to know why. Not to me it doesn't. I require the comfort of a compassionate soul. (And rests his head on the waitresses shoulder.) It's a joke. Really. But, but [Promenade] But Treasure! I'm not sure. But I have an idea. [Club Martus] The profits from the Club. I believe it comes to just about ten thousand Isiks. I know what it means to me. Ten times as much in return. Where is she? Alsia. She was supposed to meet me here and tell me how the bid went. Your money? I promised you a quarter of the profits after expenses. Operating costs, overhead, recapitalisation. Where are you going? The games are open. My gambling machines? What's wrong with them. So that's what he meant. The alien who gave me the original. He said that it all came down to luck. That must be how it works. When you win, it makes you lucky, and when you lose Impossible. You must be mistaken. Yes, a smaller one. When I opened the club I replicated these larger versions. I'm not completely sure. I didn't, exactly. I just told the replicator to scan the original and make copies. I think they have some kind of internal power source. Wait, wait, wait! What are you doing? (They destroy the machines) You can't possibly blame me for this, Commander. Alsia! I knew you'd come to get me out. What's the meaning of this? Scam? In return for what? You're enjoying this, aren't you? I'm glad you're enjoying yourself. Now how about giving me two thousand Isiks to book passage out of here. Unless you want me to stay here on the station. Fifteen hundred. After all, I do have expenses. Twelve hundred. I still have my dignity. All right. Eight hundred.
