I'm sorry to bother you. I just er been Yeah, I must have scraped myself on a branch. I'm a writer. At least, I want to be. And the truth is I was looking for you. You are Jake Sisko the writer? I can't believe I'm really here talking to you. You are my favourite author of all time. I mean it. Your books, they're so insightful. Thank you. Of course they do. A friend recommended Anslem to me and I read it straight through twice in one night. It made me want to read everything you'd ever written, but when I looked, all I could find was your Collected Stories. I couldn't believe it. I'd finally found someone whose writing I really admired, and he'd only published two books. I savoured those stories. I read them slowly, one each day, and when I was done I wished I hadn't read them at all. So I could read them again like it was the first time. Can I ask you something? Why did you stop writing? You're joking. You weren't even forty when you stopped writing. I've never understood why you gave it up. I have time. Tell me. Please. I know. I read a biography about you. It said that you stopped writing so you could conduct scientific research? I'm not sure I could ever get over losing somebody like that, right in front of my eyes. Is that what happened to you? I can't imagine what that must have been like for you. (Jake struggles to breath.) Can I get you something? Telling me all this is hard for you. Maybe I should come back some other time? If that's what you're up to you shouldn't have bothered. You have my attention already. I'm not a writer yet. I'm not waiting. I'm doing a lot of reading. You know, to see how it's done. And I'm still trying to figure out what it is I want to write about. So what happened? With your father, I mean. Did you ever see him again? Did the Klingons ever contact Starfleet to say that your father had reappeared? I've been there. It's still called Sisko's. And on the wall there's a copy of the letter your publisher sent you when he accepted your first novel. You wrote Anslem in this house, didn't you? Are you all right? Do you want me to call a doctor? You should rest. I don't know what to say. That's why he always appeared somewhere near you even if you were hundreds of light years away from where the accident happened. Can I have these instead? I know. I want to study them so I can see the changes you made. Can I ask why you haven't published these? You keep on saying there's no more time. Your father's coming here, isn't he? Soon. You're going to cut the cord, aren't you? Anything. And you can miss it if you don't open your eyes. (Jake sits down.) Thank you. For everything.
