Ensign Melora Pazlar reporting for duty. Doctor Bashir. We spoke on subspace. I see you have my trolley car ready to go. I'm fine, thank you. (She goes carefully down the steps and sits in the chair) That's better. You've modified it. I've been practicing on the model I requested for a month. No, I'll just have to adapt. [Corridor] I really don't think that'll be necessary, Lieutenant. I'm perfectly capable of piloting a runabout. I'm sure he thought what every officer I've ever served with has thought. That I need extra help to get the job done. Please tell him I don't. I'm sure the Chief Science Officer has more important things to do than to chart a sector in the Gamma Quadrant. You didn't modified the specifications I gave you for my quarters, did you? Thank you, I will. It was a pleasure meeting both of you. (She trundles in and the doors shut in their faces.) [Quark's] (It's a large gold irregular loop) Am I late? It looked as though the meeting had already begun. Wouldn't it have been more appropriate to include me in that conversation? (Melora uses her assist bands and sticks to climb the stairs) I'm sorry if I seem overly sensitive, but I'm used to being shut out of the Melora problem. The truth is, there is no Melora problem until people create one. This may sound ungrateful, because Doctor Bashir has been wonderfully helpful in the preparations for my arrival, but frankly, I wonder why a medical opinion is necessary in this discussion. I don't need a medical opinion to tell me my own capabilities. I simply object to being treated like someone who is ill. Try sitting in the chair, Commander. No one can understand until they sit in the chair. I have been in one chair or another since I left my homeworld. My family gave me this cane. It's made from the wood of a garlanic tree. They had no idea what it would be like to live off-world in what you consider normal gravity. Only a handful of Elaysians have ever left home. But I always knew that I had to be one of them. I dreamt about exploring the stars as a child, and I wasn't going to allow any handicap, not a chair, not a Cardassian station, to stop me from chasing that dream. And I've achieved that, Commander, without being dependent on anybody. To be honest, I prefer to work alone. It's simply easier for me. Sir, I can focus on the job better, I can work at my own pace without being a bother to anyone else. Yes, sir. When do you wish to leave, Lieutenant? Then tomorrow at oh seven thirty. [Corridor] (Bashir rings the doorbell and we hear the sound of something being turned off or on) [Melora's quarters] It's working fine. For me, it's like slipping into a hot tub at the end of a long day. Doctor, if you came for an apology, Doctor, I apologise. My speech wasn't intended to attack you personally. That's rather insensitive of you, Doctor. I see. You've decided I need a friend. I really don't mean to I beg your pardon? Well, it always seemed to work pretty well. Until now. Then afterward we'll go dancing, I suppose. Sorry. All right. [Quark's] All right. May I? Excuse me, Julian, but I can't eat this. P'kar tel Durg Le Frakn'l? D'tel klop a bul! D'kar tel G'denna! G'denna. There's nothing worse then half dead Racht. (Bashir takes the fresh plate, and the chef bites the coins he pays with.) And so you started to study medicine. Tennis? You must be very good. I have an early mission tomorrow. I better get some rest. It's my own fault. I decided I could use an extra astrometric array after going through the mission profile again. I came to the storage bay to get one. My mind was already in the Gamma Quadrant. I wasn't paying enough attention to what I was doing. I guess my boot didn't make the lip of the door. I fell on my controls. (Back in the wheelchair) What kind of an architect would deliberately design a raised rim at the entrance to every door? [Infirmary] So much for the dangers of the Gamma Quadrant. I didn't even make it there. It was so. Flopping back and forth like a broken toy. I didn't want anyone to find me like that but I couldn't get up by myself. I didn't need Dax. If I'd just paid attention. I just want you all to know that you can depend on me. Of what? Neuromuscular adaptation? It had no practical success at all. You think some day I could throw away the chair? Would you like to come in? Don't let that stop you. [Melora's quarters] You may want to brace yourself until you get used to it. (Gravity reduced, she flies from her chair.) Come on, Julian. Just give a gentle push. It's easy. Most people are. Sometimes they make me feel like a carnival attraction. So, usually I prefer to keep everyone out. He's my brother. Setting course twenty eight mark one forty two. Computer, any Vulcan etudes on file? If you have no objections? Computer, play something by Delvok. It's pretty. Tell me something, Lieutenant. You think there's room for romance in Starfleet? You've made it work? I mean, really work. That's a long time. Our species are just so different. You're kidding! How could they even be in the same room? What about career conflicts? Two friends of mine from the Academy got engaged even though they knew they were being assigned to different starships. They may not be together for a year or more and even then only for a few weeks. It lacks intimacy. I finish my mission here, I move on to the next one. What kind of future is that for a romance? I guess. [Security office] Racht, anyone? What is it? The neuromuscular adaptation theory? This could actually work? My heart is pounding. Would that also explain why my backside is getting warm. No. I'm sorry, Julian. Julian? I can lift my leg. I wanted to give you our first day's mission summary myself, Commander. Julian, I don't know how to tell you this, but I'm not sure I can make it. Thank you. Thank you. What about this? I understand. Julian. The mattress felt like rocks and every one of my muscles ached all night long. Exactly when does this become irreversible? Oh, I'm sure it's just some strange form of buyers remorse. I'll be fine. Last night, I just missed. I didn't feel like me. And it seemed like a good trade, until I realised I couldn't do it anymore. If I could just spend Meaning? It's starting to wear off again. I don't understand myself. How could I possibly have second thoughts? This would mean real independence. It's everything I ever wished for. But then I start to think about home and how I won't be able to go back. Well, maybe just for a short visit, but never really go back. Mermaid? Didn't she live happily ever after? [Airlock] I'm moving as fast as I can. Why didn't the phaser kill me? That's what I was wondering too. Julian, I'm not going ahead with the treatments. I don't think I will. I like being independent, but to give up everything that I am to walk on land. Well, I might be more independent but I wouldn't be Elaysian anymore. I'm not sure what I'd be. Besides, maybe independence isn't all it's cracked up to be. I kind of like how it feels to depend on someone for a change. And I'm glad you got me to unlock the doors to my quarters so I could finally let someone into my life. Let's just sit a while and listen. I want to remember all of this. <Back to the episode listing Star Trek ® and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. Copyright © 1966, Present. The Star Trek web pages on this site are for educational and entertainment purposes only. All other copyrights
