Elim. I never thought I'd see your face again. You can't. He isn't here. I don't know. He left yesterday in a great hurry. He wouldn't tell me where. He's in trouble, isn't he? You have to help him, Elim. I know you're still bitter because of what happened between the two of you, but you must help him, Elim. Promise me you'll help him.
If you don't mind hiding in a basement, I guess I don't mind having you down here. I don't hear from you for years, and then you show up on my doorstep with these people. Well don't blame me if you don't have any friends left. Well now, where's that light switch. Tain was Garak's father. I was never much of a cook, but I knew how to keep a secret. You shouldn't be involved in this. I'm an old woman. I'm long past caring about such things. But I'll get you your comm. unit. Well, you might as well make yourselves useful. This place hasn't been cleaned in years. (Mila goes up the stairs, Kira throws a cloth at Garak.) If only they could see you now. People in the street. Everyone's talking about Damar and his rebels. Actually, they don't really believe you are dead. Oh, you should hear the stories. Damar is alive. My cousin saw him on Kelvas Prime. He faked his own death. He is plotting a new offensive from his secret mountain hideaway. Or you might really get yourselves killed.
All Cardassia will be free again. Oh, when you were a small boy, I was worried about you. Always getting in trouble. So secretive, so full of deceit. Who would have thought those distasteful characteristics would be turned to virtues. More tea? I'm afraid I was only able to find two more lightsticks. There's more about the house somewhere but I just couldn't How well I remember that tone of voice. It reminds me of the demanding and inconsiderate boy you used to be. What you're proposing is suicide. All right, I'll prepare some food. Nobody should die on an empty stomach. [Bridge] You've hardly touched your meal. No wonder you're not looking well. Well, so does Legate Damar. Well, he's finished everything on his plate. Which explains why he is such a fine, handsome figure of a man. Oh, I'm old enough to be his mother. Politicians. (A distant doorbell sounds.) I'll go see. [Mila's house] (Mila opens her door to three Jem'Hadar and two Cardassians, all armed.) May I help you? [Cardassian cellar]
