The problem is, they don't like uniforms. Which is? You're halfway pretty. No. No, I don't like uniforms either. I'm scared of them. We had our fill of uniformed bullies. All I know is this farm, girl. Now you want proof, just look at my crop. It's mostly katterpod beans, but you won't find better katterpods. Is that right? That could be. Your family's farmers, then. Pretty eyes like yours deserve a meal. You come on in. We'll talk about that over supper. Come on. [Promenade - upper level] (The boys are looking for someone, and find him) At least you're not the type that'd dispossess a man on an empty stomach. That's good, because these roots are going to take three hours to soften. You wouldn't want to eat your roots hard, now would you? Here. (hands Kira the root) Wash it off first, and then you scrape the skin off. No, they don't talk at all. The Cardassians took care of that. They escaped up to this moon eighteen years ago. I've been here forty. We did real well together. Oh, get out the plates and utensils, like a good girl. That cupboard right over there. (Kira does, and as she walks away from him) You know, you look real good even from this angle. But you know something? You walk like a carnivorous rastipod. How'm I doing? Damn. So what do they call you, dear? Your given name. Nerys. Well, Nerys, I'm Mullibok, and these roots are really going to take three hours to cook, so you might as well just sit down and relax yourself, child. It's going to be tasty. I know. I made myself unconcerned with that forty years ago when I ran away from a Cardassian labour camp on your precious Bajor. This is where I live. This is my home. No. I told you, my life's here. If I leave, I'll die. So I'd rather die here. [Quark's] I stowed away on a Cardassian survey vessel which was making stops all through the Bajoran system. They were looking for possible mining sites. Anyway, when we got here to Jeraddo, I overpowered the crew and I stole whatever I'd need to start building my life here. There were only six of them. That was fortunate for me, because I was somewhat weakened a bit by the captivity and starvation. Anyway, here I was, the first person ever to settle on this moon, and the only trouble was that I didn't have any kind of farm implements. So once again starvation and I were staring each other in the face. I'm not boring you? Well, it was mind over matter. Every twenty-six hours I'd just tightened up my waist-belt another notch, and that way my belly didn't know that it was shrinking. You asked me to tell you how I got started here, which I'm trying very politely to do. Now will you kindly let me finish. Are you telling the story or am I? Obviously I was going to have to plant and harvest a crop. So I did what any person would do who had to build an entire world for himself. First I rolled back and forth on the ground til it surrendered. Then I went down on my hands and knees and I started to plow using nothing but my fingernails, mind you. I plowed every last furrow in that field straight as a plumb line. If I came across a deposit of mineralised clay, what I'd do is just grind it up in my teeth. That way it enriched the soil. Baltrim, how about some of that wonderful wine here? What I'm telling you, Major. I tamed this place. Me. You look like a bit of a fighter yourself. To get rid of the Cardassians. Mindless butchers. I bet you did. They probably never knew what hit them. I'm sorry I missed the fun. Must have been like spearing kandippers in a bottle. How'd you beat them, then? Hung on like fanatics. I got to remember that. [Outside the cottage] One of these days I'm going to have to finish up that kiln. Then I can temper my baking pots, put some colourful lids on them. That'd be nice, wouldn't it. The Cardassians probably told you you didn't stand a chance, either. Did you surrender? Why would you expect me to act any different than you? You tell them they can start cracking this moon apart whenever they're ready. I'll be here. You plan to use that? You sent those two uniforms after Baltrim and Keena. Me, too. (And he goes inside and shuts the door.) Just listen to yourself, Major. Tell me what you hear. Well, I mean you sound like a two-headed Malgorian I knew when I was a boy. You ever try talk to a two-headed Malgorian? You see, the thing about two-headed Malgorians is, it can never figure out what it really wants to do, and that can be very confusing, believe me. And the trouble with my Malgorian friend was, he had all kind of problems and he couldn't decide how to solve them. So he'd always come running for me so I could solve them for him. You know what I finally said to that Malgorian? I said fellows, deal with it yourselves. Let her go! Let her go! (Mullibok grabs the second security by the throat and pushes him over. Security one draws his weapon.) Another uniform. She did, huh? You're backwards, Nerys, I told you. (Kira leaves) With me unconscious, she could have swept us all off of here with no trouble at all. My friends Baltrim and Keena? No. I stay here. [Outside the cottage] What's that? What're they going to do to you for staying here? What are you so angry about? But you loved it. Nasty Sounds to me like it had a lot of character. So what happened? Did you cut it down? He doesn't have much faith in you, does he? (Sisko beams into the garden and knocks on the door. Kira goes to open it) Nerys. This is still my home. (So Mullibok opens the door) [Outside the cottage] What do you want? Well she doesn't want to see you. Neither do I. I can't tell you how delighted I am to hear it. How many of your Federation uniforms are you planning to send after me? Forty? Fifty? That depends on how bad you want to get rid of me. What about her? You quit telling me what to do! Talk to him as long as you want. Why don't you tell him the story about your tree. There was this big, ugly tree. Never mind. (Mullibok goes back inside, and Sisko and Kira go over to the kiln) No! You're hurting her. Let go. Lussilla. I told you take your hands off me. Oh. it's you. Not just a bad dream, bad memories. I didn't say anything, did I? No. No. Leave me alone. Where are you going? Fine. Bring the chair over here. Well, are you my nurse, or not? Are you going to talk all night, or let me sleep? [Quark's] (The boys are playing cards again in a quiet corner.) Just a little sore. I was starting to think you'd sleep all day. I don't recall asking you to that. I can handle this. Go get something to eat. You're finally leaving? I didn't think I'd ever finish it. Nothing to do but fire it up. (While he does so, Kira goes in and fetches a bag and sleeping roll.) What's all this? But you don't want to. As long as that cottage is standing, I stay here. (Kira blasts the kiln with her phaser) What the hell are you doing! So you chose your uniform over me after all. You say you're my friend. Prove it. Use that weapon on me. If I leave here I'll die.
