Yes, sir. (Meanwhile, Quark and Hanok are very concerned about the noises.) [Bridge] Engine Room to Bridge. Bridge, please respond. I did, sir. I realise they're not the same as on the Bridge, but I had to make some changes because Aye, sir. Problem is, we're cut off from that part of the ship. We still have one atmospheric probe. But the phaser generator's working fine. With a few modifications, we could use it as a phaser emitter. And there is one problem. It will overload after the first shot. Twenty minutes? We'll have to recalibrate the ODN manifold. We'll worry about that tomorrow. Everything's ready, sir.
That was quick. Good as new. We're about done here. If it's all right with you, I was going to dismiss the crew for lunch. Keep up the good work, crewman. Another week or two, you'll be running the place.
It's a class five pyroclastic debris and ash. Same morphology we've seen all the way up, sir. No, you know more than they do. So? I see. I thought maybe you just stopped to catch your breath. You mean hills, don't you? They have gently sloping hills in Ireland. No mountains. But what do I know? After all, you're the mountain man. An old mountain man. An upside down ship. Maybe, but this is a warship, and on a warship you want a big access point on the belly to land troops. Captain, there are twenty nine other bodies. No survivors. Want to try a hyper-spanner above the matrix? It might open it up a bit. Faster than you can. [Jem'Hadar ship Command centre] I'm all right, Captain. I've had worse transporter burns. I don't need it, sir. I'll be all right. Just following your example. You're my hero. Hey! But this is my best uniform. It's the only one that fits right. How long 'til the Defiant gets here? Don't worry, jefe. I'll get you through this. I'll do the best I can. Like I said, you taught me everything I know. [Jem'Hadar ship Command centre] (O'Brien has the alien device) I'm leaking like a ruptured plasma conduit aren't I, sir? You're lying. I called you sir and you didn't even flinch. I must be dying. We seem to be having a difference of opinion on that one, sir. But I would like to file a complaint. The nurses around here are all thumbs. And as for bedside manner, I've known nicer voles. Certainly prettier ones. I can't feel my legs. I'm not afraid, Papa. It's beautiful. Precioso. Better than last year, don't you think? Los cuehetes, the fireworks of the carnival, they're terrific, aren't they? The colours, like a thousand shooting stars. (boom) That was a good one.
