I think we're all fine, considering. I'm Professor Natima Lang. These are two of my students, Rekelen and Hogue. We were caught in a meteor swarm. I'm a decent teacher, but I'm afraid I'm not much of a shuttle pilot. Do you think you'll be able to repair our ship? We'd like to be on our way as soon as possible. We know having Cardassians on a Bajoran station may cause trouble. That's the last thing we want. Quark. I told you never to speak to me again. (Natima and her students march off) I don't drink Samarian Sunsets anymore. Because they remind me of you. These are my students. That's enough, Rekelen. Quark. [Quark's] (The group sit at a table near the entrance) It'll never be like old times. Go ahead. (Hogue and Rekelen go to the bar) I said I didn't drink these anymore. And you're as big a liar as ever. You seem to have kept busy. Please. I haven't heard a Rule of Acquisition in seven years and I don't want to hear one now. I didn't think there'd be any Cardassians left on the station. We have to leave as soon as possible. Goodbye, Quark. Thanks for the drink. Commander, I hate to be an imposition, but I need my ship. You suspect that our ship was damaged by Cardassian weapons. You're right, of course. It's all right, Hogue. I should've told them the truth in the first place. Because Cardassians don't involve outsiders in their internal politics. Especially Bajorans. We take our politics very seriously. Commander, if I don't get my students to safety they're going to be killed. And if they die, the future of Cardassia may die with them. [Commander's office] There are some who believe the future of Cardassia should not remain in the hands of the military. Rekelen and Hogue are two of the most important leaders of our movement. Which is why I have to get them off this station as soon as possible. I'm certain of it. We appreciate your assistance, Commander. [Garak's shop] What is it you want from me? I don't want your help. I admired your courage. It was a brave thing you were doing selling food to the Bajorans. I thought you were a man of honour. You're right. I should have. Instead I can't even think it. I think you're confusing lust with love. Then how could you have betrayed me? Don't lie to me, Quark. I know better. You used my personal access codes to authorise payments for goods you never provided. You stole that money. And you'd do it again in a second. I believed in you, Quark. But you were using me like you use everyone. For profit. Nothing? I can't stay here. My students need me. You don't even know me anymore. I'm part of the Cardassian underground. Following me will only get you killed. What about the bar? It won't work, Quark. You say you'd do anything for me. Maybe right now, you even believe it. But I know better. In the end, you'd only care about yourself. I don't love you. You'd better go. It'll be a long wait. [Ops] Come in. They're waiting at the ship. That won't be necessary. I mean I'm not staying. Quark, you say you love me? Then give me that cloaking device and let me be on my way. I'm not part of your life. You lost me a long time ago. There isn't a spark of love left in me. What? Quark, I don't have time for this. Give me that cloaking device. Quark. I didn't want to have to get it this way, but I need that device. Give it to me. Now. If I have to. Quark. Quark, are you all right. I didn't mean to. It was an accident. I've never fired a phaser before. I barely touched the trigger It hurts? I made sure it was on the first setting. Should I get a doctor? Oh, Quark, I'm sorry. Yes, for everything. For all those horrible things I said. I love you, Quark. I've always loved you. Even when I hated you. (They kiss.) I've missed you. I've missed you so much. Being with you was the happiest time of my life. I wish it was that easy. I'm not the same person I was seven years ago. I have responsibilities. The movement is my life now. I don't have time for anything else. I'm not alone. I have my students, my dreams for a better Cardassia. No. But my life demands I make certain sacrifices. We did have fun together, didn't we? I'd never been in one before. The sound of the waterfalls. You painted my face with honey. And a Mordian butterfly got stuck on my nose. Those were good times. I can't just abandon them. They need me. Of course it will. You really do love me, don't you? Yes, Quark. I'll stay. Enter. I'm what? Quark, it's all right. [Holding cell] Commander, would you please explain what we're doing here? And you've agreed to this? Commander, you have no idea what they'll do to us. Quark, what are you doing here? Thank you. Quark. Do you think killing us will change anything? Cardassia is slipping out of the hands of the military, and nothing you do will prevent it. Quark, I've got to say goodbye. No, you don't understand. I have to say goodbye to you. I'm going with them. I can't stay here. Maybe one day I can come back and we'll be together again, but not until my work is done. I promise, I'll make it worth the wait. No. It's not your fight. Besides, I could never live with myself if something happened to you. I need to know that you're here, safe. That way a part of me will always be safe too. I love you, Quark. I always will. (Natima enters the airlock)
