Here, have a Slug-o-Cola. You drink Slug-o-Cola, don't you? Good boy. Now, take me to Zek. Don't argue with me. Drink your cola and lead the way. (Nilva stalks off with Nog trying to catch him up.) [Corridor] Not before I meet this female advisor of Zek's. (Around a corner.) Grand Nagus Brunt. Well, I had a feeling I might find you here. Oh of course. But I've really come to meet this Ishka female. Oh, Zek has two female advisors? Well, what are we waiting for? Let's go meet this other female. I want to meet Lumba. Zek. Here, have a Slug-o-Cola. Don't worry, I brought enough for everyone. Why, you must be Lunga. Oh, a clothed Ferengi female. And with your approval, no less. Either you've been inhaling too much beetle snuff or you're the greatest visionary ever to sit atop the Tower of Commerce. I'm afraid that's not possible. You see, I have to leave first thing in the morning. I'm due back on Ferenginar for an important stockholders meeting. Oh, but those snail steaks do sound tempting. I know. Why don't I have dinner with Lumba? Well of course I will, but you and I have made a lot of latinum together over the years. That should be worth some small discomfort. But Lumba better be all you claim she is, or I'll have to liquidate you myself. Let's eat. Two snail steaks, lightly seared. Now, tell me something. Doesn't wearing all those clothes make you feel like a deviant? I'll try to remember that. Now, you'd better explain to me how allowing females to wear clothing is going to make me richer than I already am. Let me see if I understand. Giving females the right to wear clothes allows them to have pockets. Once they have pockets, they're going to want to fill them with latinum. And once they start earning latinum, they're going to want to spend it. There will be plenty of profit for everyone. Meaning what? They were lucky, that's all. I'm all ears. Nothing's stopping her from drinking it now. Well, what would? In every bottle. Oh, Zek was right about you. You're very intelligent. I think it's time for dessert now. Oh, we are. In my quarters. [Nilva's quarters] I never ever thought I'd find a clothed female so enticing. It's so good to finally be alone. Without all those people staring at us. (Quark takes off his heels, backing away.) Although I must admit, I did find it someone stimulating. (Nilva chases Quark round the table.) Can I help it if my lobes burn for you? If you don't believe me, just touch them. Touch them. You said you'd do anything for me. Come to me, my little love slave. (Nilva goes behind the curtain. Sounds of breaking ornaments, squeals and lecherous laughter. Quark reemerges holding a chair for defence.) Marry me! Who cares? She hasn't touched my lobes in months. Oh, I need you. What a good idea. Why, you can scrub my back. Yes? Yes? So do I. (Nilva gets the chair off Quark.) Oh, you torture me. Stay away or what? I'll catch you. (The table collapses, Quark grabs a ceiling brace and hangs on. Nilva takes hold of his/her waist. Brunt and Uri'lash enter) Would you please leave. You're making Lumba nervous. A male? Is this true? You're a man? Well, I'm not sure. Oh, completely. Well, she's close enough for me. Come, my dear. Let's go tell Zek that I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure he remains Grand Nagus. Because that's what Lumba wants. (Quark blows Brunt a kiss.)
